DADDY’S GOT A NEW CAR  A phone call from Hamburg:  “I’ve got my new car – it’s really great. It’s got programmable seat positions, a tiptronic gear box and a CD that gives you directions!”  So Daddy’s got a new car. It is green, with leather seats to match. The driver’s seat has three programmable seat positions, so that the driver can select position number one, and other “named” drivers can select positions two and three. If driver number two comes along and wants to drive the car, he or she simply steps in and keys in number 2. The seat automatically shifts into the relevant position, as do the wing mirrors. One almost expects it to leap into action with “Your morning paper, sir…”  “I want to go for a ride in your new car, Daddy!” came the chirrups of daughter number one, as soon as Dad had arrived home from picking up his new Audi A6 in pristine condition, all the way from Hamburg.  “Girls! Be careful of the seats! I don’t want any sticky marks on this car like on the other car!” “Careful opening the door, don’t scratch the paintwork!”  So off we went for a drive to Cirencester. We programmed in our destination to the CD and it began speaking in womanly dulcet tones to us. At last a female that knows where she is going….  “Road is being calculated…..” “Proceed along the road for 4 miles. Continue until further instructions.” “Turn right at next junction.”  We proceeded to turn left, believing the instructions to be incorrect.  “Make a U-turn if possible and take next left”…  We ignored the instructions again, went past a different turning and the CD began re-assess and then came out with:  “Proceed until the next roundabout and take the third exit.” A small diagram on the dashboard shows the approach to the roundabout, and the turnoff to take.  Unfortunately, after half an hour of sitting in this car all the way to Cirencester, purely for the joy, you understand, of riding in Daddy’s new car.. and my mind began to wander. The CD’s instructions took on a mind of their own:  “Proceed along the road until you hit the next lamppost…” “Please avoid crashing into the car in front… take the next turning and drive into the lake…” “I’m a woman. NEVER underestimate the power of a woman or else I’ll lead you up the garden path” “Next time you refuse to follow my instructions correctly I shall auto-destruct within five seconds” “No one is watching you right now, you may pick your nose…”  At last a female that will never leave her man, at least not while he’s driving…  Isn’t it wonderful, all this new modern technology? I enquired as to whether or not the windscreen wipers on the car were automatic, i.e. switching on at the first drop of rain. My husband sounded quite sad that in fact, no, they weren’t – but his colleague’s were! He’s got a new Mercedes….  Oh, and the best thing of all for us practical peeps? It has cup holders for drinks! Kate between Great Somerford and Cirencester, 1988