Oh good God, I only have one day of teaching left!! (tomorrow's sport's day and next week is activities week.) There is so much going on in my head at the moment that I feel like my brain is going to fuse. With that borne in mind, I'm sure Si will forgive me if I pinch a Krispy Kreme. At the moment I am looking up traditional folk tales on the net, for my next children's book (note to self; finish one of the others first). I've always loved fairy tales and I think I have a talent for reworking them, but that's been done so often. Now I have instead turned my attention to folk tales as they tend to be more neglected and I'm going to rewrite them in a very humourous, Tony-Robinsonesque style.  But it's been surprisingly difficult to get hold of traditional folk-tales on line. Bloody Hell, a whole paragraph that had nothing to do with teaching or job-hunting. I'd better right that wrong straight away! A quite frightening event happened today at work. We were all in the English office when we saw hundreds of kids running past: a sure sign that a fight had broken out (which it had). And I'm talking hundreds of kids. The way the office is positioned, we're between two doorways, and suddenly a huge banging could be heard. We literally jumped up and raced out, splitting naturally into two groups (to tackle the the doorways.) John, one of our staff, was being slammed against one door by the mob (the only real word to describe it!) and I had to hold back the mob from the other door along with the other teachers. It was like a scene from Hillsborough. They were bashing on the doors and screaming at us, and the maths teachers literally poured down from the top corridors.  We tried to lock the doors but they wouldn't let us. One teacher had to literally shove the kids back. We locked ourselves in and yet no senior management. If we could have got hold of Chris or Matt they would have been on it straight away. Afterwards we holed ourselves up in the English office and went into shock a bit. We were all shaking and admitted to each other that we had been really scared. The kids were like animals. Oooooh, I've just found a site which gives you free on-line access to hundreds and hundreds (if not thousands) of actually books which have been typed up!!! Excuse me while I have a fit of excitement.  Can't type any more, must search the site for free books!