OK; the time is now 6:25pm.  The storm is over, at least for a few hours.  Yesterday, I got the chance to interview Dr. Robert Bellah for the Northern Student, our student newspaper.  Bellah and four collegues wrote a book in 1986 called Habits of the Heart, which was a major study, and criticism, of American society.  They focus primarily on the ethics of individualism as an American way of life, and how a certain sort of individualism has been plaguing America.    There are different sorts of individualism.  The sort that was valued by such earlier people such as Benjamin Franklin and Henry David Thoreau expounded a strong individualism where somebody is supported by and supports the communities they are involved in.  They are self-sufficient in that they do not depend on society to support them in a one-way fashion; there is reciprocity.    On the other hand, we have moved towards a more egoistic individualism, where people look out for their self before they look at the needs of others.  Commitment to community activities such as clubs, organizations, and churchs have dropped dramatically over the last years (in the book, he mentios that churchs have been stable, but in the interview, he says that their membership has dropped as well).    The only sort of membership that has increased are support groups, which is essentially a group of individuals coming together for their selves.  The member stays in the group to seek help for the self, not for others.  When the member is cured, they leave the group.  It is essentially a group of people who come together so they can be by themselves.    The irony of the second sort of individualism is that it is directly against the ideologies of religions, democrats, and republicans.  They all value the "love thy neighbor" over the "love thyself," whereas the new individualism of America values the "love thyself" over the "love thy neighbor."  Bellah and his crew point to this continued movement to individualism as the primary problem of America, and it is not getting any better.    Anyways, the interview was a great experience.  A huge honor, I thought.  He's a celebrity in the academic world, and my experience was probably the equivalent of interviewing a movie star or big politician for others.    The paper on Heraclitus was a great success.  I still have a lot of work to do on it, but I'm really enjoying it, and look forward to presenting it on Student Achievement Day in a couple of weeks.  My mid-term in the history of law and economics was not such a huge success, however.  It went better than I thought it would, but it will definitely be a heavy weight on my final grade.  C'est la vie.  I did the best I could with the time I had; no regrets.