Murder and death both mean literally the taking of something’s life, but murder is “to kill unlawfully,” according to Webster’s Dictionary, and death is the simple “cessation of all vital phenomena without capability of resuscitation.”  Who can honestly decide that the putting to death of a homicidal madman is better than the acts he committed?  How is it acceptable for him to be forced to cease all vital phenomena, and not the people whose lives he took?  Do they not both maybe have families that will grieve them? Shouldn’t killing another human be looked at in black and white- completely wrong in any sense? 	Taking a closer look at the death penalty currently instituted, it is perspicuous to see that it is practiced tendentiously against minorities.  The odds of receiving a death sentence are nearly four times higher if the defendant is black than if he or she is white.  Of those sentenced to death for crimes committed as juveniles, two-thirds are people of color.  Also, of the people currently on death row as of 2002, 82% were convicted in cases involving white victims.  Nationally only 50% of all murder victims are white, but in cases where an execution of the defendent has occurred, over 80% of the murder victims were white.  Discernibly the justice system of America is under the apocryphal axiom that Caucasian people have some mystically greater inherent value.  Currently, the death penalty is a state matter with few restraints or guidelines by the Supreme Court.  Each state goes about this matter very differently; some states have outlawed the barbaric death penalty, others such as Texas have an express lane for those whose murderous acts have been deemed “heinous”.  An African-American man growing up in Philadelphia is 11.5 times more likely to end up on death row than if he grew up in Georgia or Alabama.  72% of Maryland death-row inmates are black.  Of all executions from 1993 to 2003, Texas has been responsible for 38% alone, or about one-third.  As if not clear enough, a problem of standard can easily be detected in this system by simply looking at the fact that North Carolina has 41 times the amount of people on death row as New York, which had 5.  Indiana calls for 16 aggravating circumstances to murder, while Nevada calls for only one to be recognized.  It is also possible to be executed for hijacking an aircraft, but only in Georgia.    Enforcement or practice of the death penalty is completely a moral dilemma.  Pro-death penalty supporters claim that it is a just punishment and provides relief to the victim’s family.  But shouldn’t humans be more civilized than the standard “eye for an eye”?  Wouldn’t it be a better example for future generations of this country if current lawmakers could just be the bigger person and outlaw this theory that it is ok to “kill back”?  It is time to stop preaching “two wrongs don’t make a right” and to finally trust in it and live decent lives filled with equality and peace for all.  Banning capital punishment would be the wisest step for America, and an enlightening decision for all.