I just have a string of thoughts from today...more paradoxes…   I wonder what is meant when children speak of learning that is "real" rather than “fake.” The  urlLink  24 Hour Film Contest   felt very "real" to the students at Newton Learning Center. When pupils speak of "fake," what does that mean? What is the difference between "academic" literacy vs. "practical" literacy?  Is there such a thing as practical literacy (or is that called functional literacy)? For that matter what do we mean when teachers are admonished to make learning “meaningful” and connected to “real” life? Take the performing arts for instance, meaningful to me but not considered a “real” profession – worse, as my eldest daughter continues to seek the stage (aspiring actor), all I can hear in my head is – “get a real job.”  Hmmm.     So what do we make of literacy?  Into what has the term "literacy" evolved since the time of the Gutenberg Press?  In the beginning it meant to be "alphabetized" (the term used in French), and we acknowledge that mass literacy has been a key to the past 400 years of evolution in science, math, technology, economics, industry and so on.  Now we speak of multiple literacies but what does that mean?  Does it mean “literacy” that goes well beyond "written text" the staple of the past 400 years of mass Western “literacy?”  What do the “experts” say?     Anyway…to be highly “literate” in our Canadian society is valued because of the link between the highly literate and the highly innovative. Yet in what sense do we mean “highly literate,” academic, practical, specialized (i.e., field-related), generalized?  Which form of literacy leads to the brightest minds (and I might add honed and focused athletes)? If this is our new “call to arms” for teachers in the 21st century…how will we get there?  What do we do with the minds that will never shine because of genetic barriers?  Moreover, what do we do with all of the “social” problems that make “literacy” issues trail in the dust?  Or is this somehow all related?  Hmmm...and the beat goes on...and the beat goes on...la di da di da...la di da di da...