I am an Intellectual    urlLink     Which America Hating Minority Are You?     Happy Monday! Here's what happened over the weekend:  1) I studied like crazy. I never thought I'd get to the point in my life where I would study this much. I never did it in elementary school. I never did it in high school. I never did it for the first 5 years I screwed around in college. This alone shows you how dedicated I am to getting my degree, and in a timely manner.  2) Went to the first cast meeting of  The Boys Next Door  last night. Details in my theater journal.  3) Dusted my house to within an inch of its life. As an assignment for Vocal Performance, we're supposed to find three environmental or psychological factors that keep us from using our natural voices. I decided that dust was one of my factors. This meant that I had to eliminate as much dust from my environment as humanly possible. So, out came the duster, followed by cleaning my bedding. It must be working, because I'm not waking up with a sore throat anymore.  4) The fweaking truck broke down. Our only means of transportation. From what Andy can figure, it looks like the water pump's out. And here's the really bad news- Andy's amp fried last week. Why is that bad news? Well, his band's got some shows coming up, and he needs an amp. So, I gave him the go ahead to put some money down on a used amp, and then he traded in some extra equipment he had lying around on it too. So, the last little bit of money we had is gone. And then the truck goes kaput. Thankfully, Dad's got a mechanic that has done loads of work for our family over the years, so he may be able to give us a break on a repair job. But, we'll probably have to take out a small loan to do it, which sucks royally. So, Andy's not happy. And if Andy's not happy, it's difficult for me to be happy.  He seems better today, so I'm better too. With the exception of a sinus headache. Changes in the weather do that to me.  Mom and sis are looking after me. They picked up some microwave eatables and snacks for me to take to school, so I don't starve to death during the day.  Well, back to studying. Geez, I'm such a fweaking nerd.