Ethics is a term that is commonly used to describe behavior that is good.  But behavior can vary wildly and still be ethical.  For example Bob and and Al are each given a time machine.  Al chooses to go back in time and kill Hitler in 1933.  Bob destroys his time machine for fear of unintended consequences and that it might fall into the wrong hands.  Here, 2 ethical behaviors lead to diverging paths.  I contend that ethics is not a given set of behaviors that are considered good.  Rather they are any behavior that is performed with good reason.  In other words the root of ethics is rational thought rather than beneficence. And there are a wide range of behaviors that are considered ethical.  Furthermore, in my experience, the regard that people are held in has little to do with their actual behavior.  Rather it is the perception of that behavior, or more specifically the motivation attributed to that behavior that is the deciding factor.    While it is certainly advantageous to the individual to increase their options for behaviors by rationalizing their own chosen behaviors as ethical.  I wonder at the advantage of rationalizing other people's behaviors as friendly.  The psychology of this is very interesting, and I'm not sure the advantage of it, but it exists.  Marion Berry was the beneficiary of this type of behavior, as was Rush Limbaugh, Bill Clinton, etc.  Once a commitment is made to a person then any flaws will be looked at in the most positive light.  Enter The Big Lie.  Public figures use this predisposition to be believed cynically to advance their own ends.  When confronted with facts that are uncomfortable these figures simply discredit the messenger.  Likewise, they repeat lies often enough until people and start to believe them.  For example, members of the Bush administration repeated the lie about WMD and the link between Hussein and terrorism so often that there are still people who believe them.  People are susceptable to this because they believe themselves to be rational, but they are merely reasonable.  People arrive at notions by reason, and then ignore any evidence that challenges those notions.  This is not new, observe the following quote from Blaise Pascal:  [81] [...] This arrogant faculty [Imagination], the enemy of reason [...] cannot make fools wise, but she makes them happy, to the great regret of reason, who can only make her friends miserable [...] He who would follow reason alone would be a proven fool [...] We have another source of error, in the shape of sickness. It impairs both the judgment and the senses [...] Further, self-interest is a wonderful instrument for neatly putting out our eyes [...] Justice and truth are two points so fine that our instruments are too blunt to rest on them exactly. If we succeed in bringing them to bear, they crush the point and press on the surrounding area, on the false rather than the true. Man is so happily formed that he has no reliable [source] of truth, but several excellent sources of falsehood. [...] But the most ridiculous cause of his errors is the conflict between sense [i.e. the senses] and reason. [82] [...] Nothing shows [Man] the truth. Everything misleads him; those two sources of truth, reason and the senses, not only lack sincerity, but deceive one another in turn. [...] Reason and the senses are rivals in the practice of falsehood and deception.   There was a time that prophets proved to be false were summarily executed, by stoning.  Now we don't even bother to throw the liars out of office.  We've become a nation of the blind, misled by reason.