I hope you'll all forgive the long post.  If you can't forgive it, just ignore it.  Our house church had its first communion two Wednesdays ago.  I didn't really know what to think or to write about it immediately.  It was something about which I was very unsure initially.  Before we had communion, I communicated about it with a friend of mine who is a pastor in my own tradition (PCA).  He advised against having communion in a setting absent of elders or anyone ordained.  His advice was well-reasoned and scriptural, but he didn't claim it was authoritative for, in his words, "...there are legitimate and principled reasons for people with integrity and a love for Christ and the Scriptures to disagree..."  Ultimately, we did have communion (if you're interested in those issues feel free to email me), and I think now, after reading this passage from Annie Dillard in  Holy the Firm  I'm ready to write about it.     The churchwomen all bring flowers for the altar; they haul in arrangements as big as hedges, of wayside herbs in season, and flowers from their gardens, huge bunches of foliage and blossoms as tall as I am in vases the size of tubs, and the altar still looks empty, irredeemably linoleum, and beige. We had a singer once, a guest from another congregation, a girl with chopped hair and big shoulders and a long lacy dress who sang, grinning, an entirely secular song about mountains. Nothing could have been more apparent than that God loved this girl; nothing could more surely convince me of God’s unending mercy than the continued existence on earth of the church.  The higher Christian churches - where, if anywhere, I belong - come at God with an unwarranted air of professionalism, with authority and pomp, as if they knew what they were doing, as though people in themselves were an appropriate set of creatures to have dealings with God. I often think of the set pieces of liturgy as certain words which people have successfully addressed to God without their getting killed. In the high churches they saunter through liturgy like Mohawks along a strand of scaffolding who have long since forgotten their danger. If God were to blast such a service to bits, the congregation would be, I believe, genuinely shocked. But in the low churches you expect it at any minute. This is the beginning of wisdom.    My friend's warnings, along with those in the Bible, led me to take communion, not just with reverence, but with a feeling just shy of terror.  Yes, I know that we are to "approach the throne of grace with confidence", but the awareness that to take the sacraments with the wrong heart will bring judgement was heavy upon me.  This may seem like a bad thing, but I think that it was just about the best thing that could have happened, and it points to a magnificent feature of these house churches.  Communion is easy to take "at church".  There's a minister/priest there to bless everything and (hopefully) to warn you of the danger that comes with taking the bread and wine.  That official, though, does, if only seemingly, stand between me and the sacrament.   He's  in charge of it.   He  has  to make sure everything goes right.  All I have to do is take the wafer and the tiny plastic cup.   In our communion, I have to stand before God alone--as a sinner, as an individual--recognizing that His body was broken and His blood was shed, and ask for my part in the forgiveness that those things bought.  If God did blast us all to bits I could hardly blame Him, but He didn't.  Thank God that we do have an intermediary--only one--whose blood covers all the sins that make me totally deserving of eternal destruction, whose blood we partook in, and who we remember through the sacrament.