Ok, I've been really lazy about updating the blog in the past few days but that's because there is genuinely very little that I have to update you on.  Honest.  My life remains very simple and revolves mostly around trying to stop myself go insane with boredom now that I am officially unemployed.  Alright, I'll try and think of something.  Here's a brief round-up of the latest non-events of the past few days.  1)  I've decided not to apply for the publishing job after all.  There are three reasons for this.  a) I'm too lazy to finish off the covering letter I started.  b) If I'm too lazy to finish off the covering letter I started then I think that provides a pretty good indication that I don't want the job.  c)  I did send off for loads of info on publishing from the Careers Service which helped me decide that publishing's not for me.  I'm not really keen on the idea of working in an office all the time:  I'm a people person (no, please, don't spit saliva at the screen as you snort with laughter...)  2) I found a really nice coffee shop in da big Y today.  It's called 'Take a Break'  but fortunately it's much classier than the magazine of the same name (eponymous?  is that the right word?).  There are lots of sofas and they serve all the posh coffees and have nice cakes.  That's all I ask for in a hot beverage serving establishment really.  3) I bought two great items of clothing today and only spent a total of 5.50!  I am now the proud owner of an off the shoulder sparkly top and a black sequinned cardigan.   They probably could both do with a rinse to get rid of that tell-tale dead old lady smell but hey, who cares! The joys of charity shopping!  Rose, I did us proud!  Now just in case this all seems a bit superficial and you feel cheated because you haven't had your regular dose of trademark Allen angst, here's the dream I had last night.  I actually dreamt that I was back at Cambridge, that I went to a prat crit stupidvision and that Jean Gooder told me I'd written my essay as though I were laying a carpet (seems pretty obtuse now that it's daylight but back in dreamland it seemed pretty damning).  Now, why do I still care about this stuff?  Is my subconscious doing this on purpose just to torment me?  Answers on a postcard please once again...  Oh and I'm chanting a lot at the moment.  It's really helping keep the old morale levels ticking over: you create your future with all your present thoughts and actions, the only way to be sure what the future holds is to look at the causes you're making in the present, that kind of thing.  Although things may have been pretty shite in the past year or so I do have the power to create a new life for myself in which I'm happy.  And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what I intend to do.  Watch this space.