My mum e-mailed me today, telling me to be strong and that I should always know that he doesn't deserve me and that I should tell him so. She also said that we should think positively and know that we're in the right and to ignore all the bullshit around us. And I know that'll be hard, really hard this time, because I seem to be getting shat on from a variety of directions at the moment, but I'll try for her. The last thing I want to see is her suffering because of me. She's the most important person in my world and there is nothing that can stop me from not trying to make her happy.  I got an e-mail quiz thing off Rich today. One of those huge surveys about favourites and stuff, probably because Kayla does them all the time. There were lots of little references to her in it, including one about hoping he was in love. I keep telling myself he's a knob, and that he's not worth my time and effort, but I keep thinking about him. Like I said yesterday, I have no objections to the fact that they're happy together, but every time I see a reference to their relationship, or I see Kayla giggling at a text he's sent her, I feel this rage rushing up inside me and I just want to scream at her. Can't she see?? Can't she see that he's just a selfish, sex-mad little boy who only wants one thing?? Of course, it's all jealousy. If I was going out with him all that would be pushed to the back of my mind, or forgotten completely. And my trainers got dirty in the rain.  It's so hard; when I'm with my friends it's so much easier to forget about all this shit in my life, to get on with my work, smile, laugh and generally just mess about. But as soon as I step outside of the classroom, as soon as I walk out of the 6th form block to go somewhere, it all comes rushing back. I want to talk out loud. I want to say, not type, "I'm going through a load of crap with my dad at the moment", just so I can release some of this feeling that's all pent up inside of me. I don't have the energy to scream and shout and be angry. I simply have a lot of nerves, a dash of self-pity and an enormous sense of loss.  Ceff x   I often wonder how you drive when the road's too dark to see