I was thumbing through various blogs, and I came across the blog of a girl who is waaaay into sports. Which I initially think is really wonderful and unconventional. I am into sports in that I watch them, some religiously, and I yell at the TV and hate it when my team loses. I am into sports in that I follow team scores, but I can't tell you who won the World Series in 1956. This girl strikes me as the type of person to be able to name who won the World Series in 1956. This is this super-cool.  Then I notice that she has established her own criteria for what a sport truly is, and in doing so has thrown herself into that whole world of sports snobbery, something I think she was trying to avoid. Her criteria are legitimate, however, she does pose a problem in the following through of the logic. A necessity is a measurable means of winning--faster, stronger, etc. Yet then she mentions that ice dancing is not a sport. I think it is. Unless you've danced--and I mean danced in the form of actual dancing with steps and movement and grace, and not in that boom-chica way where you flail your arms like a monkey on speed on a dance floor--you have no idea how strenuous it can be. It is an amazing form of exercise, and it takes a lot of practice to get good at it. Besides, if you dance well enough, you'll be sore the next day from using all the muscles you never thought you had. Ever seen any of the guys that swing dance well? Yeah, muscles. It's a hard, hard thing to lift your partner and swing them around. It's even harder to effectively lead your partner. So take dancing, any kind you want that does not fall into the fake-tribal dancing genre, and put it on skates! That, my friend, is a sport. That is freakin' hard. I think it matters if you're faster, stronger, and more precise than other ice dancers. It's a need to be those things if you want to win. I think that declaring it a non-sport is snobbery. Especially, if you're going to place curling on your list of sports, but negate ice dancing or synchronized diving. Curling--a sport in which you slide a heavy barbell down an ice lane by using small brooms to brush snow chunks out of the way.   Last I checked, you needed to be an athlete to jump off a 25-foot platform and do four twists and spins in the air before landing straight up and down like a straw in a giant pool of water. I know I couldn't do it. If it isn't a sport shouldn't everyone have some ability to do it? Hmmm.....