College Group...       Today the pastor continued speaking about relationships   . The talk was good, worship was good and the scriptures were great ones we can meditate on.  It was cool to see everyone, I had missed everyone from the weekend. Some berly found out about my accident and were asking how I was. Truthfully I am 100X better. I was like yup I know I've been out of the picture but I couldn't be out in the sun so that my wounds would heal...and Thank God they are and very fast...you can berly tell I was in a wreck. I was blessed to receive jon's call today. He just called because he had heard about my accident and wanted to know how I was doing and if there was any way they can help. I thought that was humbling of him because I know he is busy. I was able to talk to him at CG and thank God I was able to give him a good report about my recovery status.     I am so excited about the retreat.     The retreat is this Monday-Wednesday.We were figuring out the caravan situation and stuff. The girls are planning to meet up in the morning go to breakfast at Mimi's and drive out to Palm Springs!! We don't have to be there until 6p but we want to go and hang out. I was talking to vincent about the retreat...sorry we interrupted him several times...anyways he was saying that we have a session monday at 7p and one tues in the morning and we have from 11:30-8p off to do whatever we want !YEY! then we will have a night session on wednesday we have a session in the morning then we can come back at whatever time. Probably we will be back in LA before 6p because we are still having CG bible study that night.     Vincent was also talking to us about the college group and the growth of the church   . It was great to hear all the visions they have for the continued building of the church and the ministries. On Sunday they are having a meeting for those people that are more interested in being more committed to the church. I am looking foward to this meeting. I just have to figure out what I am going to do because I told my bro I was going to go help out Sunday. He is understanding I am sure he won't mind if I show up a little later.     As usual after CG we hang out.    We ended up going to starbucks because it is in a central area and there is a lot of fast food places around so people that are hungry eat and the others buy coffee and hang out. The patio area is big so we always just hang out outside. I didn't stay there that long but I had a lot of fun talking to Andy and tina marie and everyone there.     As I was driving home from CG I was listening to Salvador's CD it is good they have one of my favorite worship songs.    I remember singing this song since I was kid...seriously! The song is in spanish it is called "Un Dia a La Vez." I take this song to heart. I pray for this everyday. Lord please help me take it day by day for we are not certain of a tomorrow ~Amen.  Especially after my accident God really spared me from death or serious injury and I am so greatful I was able to walk away with only scrapes and bruises. Praise God!! I am recoomitting my life to God each day and learning how to pour out my heart and soul to him completely.   I want to end this blog today by thanking a dear friend of mine     Lisa Gray  . Thank You for listening to me and sharing your wisdom . I am glad I called you before I made a huge  mistake. Thank you for loving me and for guiding me.