Upsies and Downsies   Tuesday started so-so for me... With having to go to that cursed English Literature class and all. If we were doing something that resembled literature then at least it would be bearable, but it turns into an armchair philosophy class, and not one of the good ones either. Five minutes into the game one can start to smell the crap spewing from their mouths.  Well, at least I had a better day at work. I was actually productive! Evan decided to upgrade to the new openMosix kernel on the old machines, but of course they wouldn't work out of the box. So it was up to me to fix everything again. The new server where I installed Debian has crapped out... There are several packages missing, dselect is being a bitch with the location of packages, and so on and so forth. But in the end I was quite productive. We've decided that until the power drops arrive and I finish a proper Debian installation on  one  machine we're going to take all the RAM and the processor out of half of the machines and drop it into the other half, and use them as slaves on the old cluster (which was the reason for Evan upgrading the kernel). Since the supply of electrical power is an issue, we're going to have to take down 3 of the old machines for every new machine we boot up. I should start bringing ear muffs to work. Yeah, noise is going to be an issue. We're probably going to end up talking to each other by IM. Not as if we're not doing that already. Yes, we're nerdy bastards.  While I was at work I was IMing with Tracy, and she was a wee bit upset because of a certain comment posted on her blog, so Carol and I went over there for moral support. She seems to feel better now, so that's a Good Thing (tm). I consider her to be in the circle of my best friends, and my best friends are like family to me (just better), and I don't know about here, but in Argentina we take good care of our families.  Anyway, I went back for class (Psychology) which I was dreading because I thought that I had done really bad on that first Midterm. Well, I ended up doing better than I thought - 135 out of 160, which amount to about 84%. I had expected something more along the lines of 60-ish%, give or take 10. So that kind of made my day. I have to remember to say a prayer to The Lady for this... She definitively had a hand in this.  Finally, since Carol had invited Tracy and Jeff for dinner and I felt like cooking for someone I figured that it'd be only fair to invite Amber over for dinner. I made pork chops and broccoli and rice casserole. Morgan also made a pizza cookie (a cookie the size of a pizza) so we had that as dessert with tasty, tasty ice cream.