Now any of you that know me know that I am a complete sweetheart when it comes to crime and punishment. Not to say that I think people shouldn't be punished for their crimes, but I do believe in giving people second chances after they have paid their debt to society.  Read the following story here and form your own conclusions. I'll tell you mine at the end.  Girl's death didn't stop driver's reckless ways By  Stewart Warren  STAFF WRITER ( July 31, 2004) JOLIET — After killing a teenage bicyclist in a hit-and-run accident 15 years ago, Gerene Ohlund clutched a Bible and told a Kendall County judge that she was afraid to drive again. She got past that, apparently.  Since that fatal accident she's been charged with numerous offenses including multiple DUIs and hit-and-run incidents.  Now a married mother of three with another baby on the way, her name is Gerene Ruane. She lives at 10918 Kerry Court, Mokena.  In 2002, she was charged with two counts of driving under the influence of alcohol. Ruane pleaded guilty in May and was in Judge Robert Livas' courtroom Friday morning for a sentencing hearing in those two cases.  "She was over .30 (blood-alcohol content) on one of them," Will County Assistant State's Attorney Janine Boggs told Livas. In Illinois, the legal limit is .08. But that is just her latest offense.  Wearing a long black crocheted sweater dotted with white beads, the smallish blond woman was lightly tanned on Friday. She sniffed, cried and picked at her fingernails while sitting next to her lawyer, Kevin Rosner, during the testimony in the hearing.  A bleak story emerged Friday of the 39-year-old's years since the fatal accident. More details about her past are found in files maintained by The Herald News. Ruane has a history of driving under the influence of alcohol and leaving the scene of accidents, among other things:  In 1987, her license was revoked for drunken driving, according to newspaper files. She lived in Joliet then. No other details about that particular incident were available Friday.  On Aug. 5, 1988, Ruane was driving her red Chevy Camaro southbound on Ridge Road near Van Dyke Road in Kendall County, according to newspaper files. It was about 9 p.m., and Ruane, then 25, had two friends in the car. They were on their way to a pig roast, but were lost.  At the same time, Connie Bryan, 15, a volleyball star at Joliet Central, and her cousin, Sarah Cherry, then 15 and a Plainfield resident, were heading south on Ridge Road on their bicycles. They were going to a friend's house.  Ruane hit Connie from behind, throwing her about 170 feet, according to newspaper files. Ruane drove away, even though one of the passengers urged her to stop.  "She said she couldn't. She didn't have any license and insurance," Darlene George testified during the trial.  Ruane and her two friends fled the scene and ditched her car, Boggs said Friday. Ruane then called a cab for a ride to the pig roast, Boggs said.  Meanwhile, Sarah Cherry flagged down a passing police officer, according to newspaper files. Another passer-by, a trauma nurse, tried to revive the accident victim. But she was pronounced dead at Provena Saint Joseph Medical Center later that night.  After tipsters called police, Ruane turned herself in a few days later.  But in the end, Ruane was acquitted of reckless homicide during a bench trial in front of Judge James Wilson. He found her guilty of driving while her license was revoked and leaving the scene of a personal injury accident. The state did not provide enough evidence that she was driving recklessly or was drunk at the time of the accident, the judge ruled.  She was sentenced to three years in prison.  On Oct. 3, 1989, Ruane was involved in another hit-and-run accident, this time in Crest Hill.  While on Plainfield Road, a pickup slowed to turn into the McDonald's restaurant, Crest Hill police Officer Dwayne Wilkerson testified Friday. Someone hit the truck from behind and drove away, he testified.  Ruane was the hit-and-run driver, he testified.  "According to a witness she was with, she'd just come from a bar, but I don't know (if she was drunk)," Wilkerson testified.  Ruane later was arrested and convicted of driving while her license was revoked.  On Oct. 27, 1989, Ruane was involved in her third hit-and-run that year.  This time, she was in New Lenox, Boggs said. New Lenox police Cmdr. Dennis Klier testified Friday that Ruane hit a car from behind and drove away. She later was convicted of driving with a revoked license, he testified.  When Ruane was sentenced to two one-year terms in prison for the Crest Hill and New Lenox hit-and-run incidents, she looked over her shoulder in court and winked at relatives, according to newspaper files.  On March 2, 1996, a red Ford pickup was stopped in New Lenox by Officer Pete Nelson. During testimony on Friday, he said the driver was Ruane. But when he spoke to her, she gave the officer a false name.  Nelson recognized her, and said so, he testified. Ruane admitted who she was and later was convicted again for driving while her license was revoked.  On June 12, 2002, Marietta Glass and her husband stopped at the posted intersection of Revere and Wolf roads in Mokena. The car in front of them was stopped, too, she testified Friday. Although that car had several chances to pull away from the stop sign, it didn't, and several minutes passed, she testified.  Glass and her husband became concerned, got out of their car and walked up to the other vehicle, she testified. The driver was resting her head on the steering wheel. It was Ruane, she testified. "We thought she had a heart attack," Glass testified. "She had a baby in a baby seat in the back ... it was obvious she was intoxicated."  Glass and her husband told Ruane not to drive and promised to help her. But Ruane floored her car, pulled into the wrong lane, narrowly avoided a head-on collision and hit the vehicle, she testified.  Ruane was later charged with two counts of driving under the influence of alcohol, and pleaded guilty earlier this year.  On Nov. 14, 2003, Ruane and one of her young sons were walking down 191st Street in Mokena. Ruane talked about the incident while on the witness stand Friday. After drinking the night before, Ruane took her son to a restaurant for lunch, she testified.  The little boy didn't want to hold her hand, and wandered into traffic, Ruane admitted.  Some motorists stopped and tried to get Ruane off the road, Boggs told Livas.  "(She said), 'C'mon, don't do this. I've been drinking, but I can watch my kid,'" Boggs told the judge.  Ruane's son told police he was afraid of his mother, Boggs added.  Ruane later was found guilty of endangering the life of a child.  During the closing arguments of Friday's sentencing hearing, Boggs asked Livas to throw the book at Ruane for the drunken-driving convictions dating to 2002. Ruane is eligible for a sentence of up to six years in prison, Boggs said. It's only a matter of time before she kills someone else, Boggs said.  "We have a deadly human being here — walking, driving, whatever," Boggs said.  Rosner asked for leniency. Ruane is six months pregnant and has three other children, he said.  "They won't have a mother if she goes to prison as Miss Boggs has suggested," Rosner said.  Her husband has his own business and often is gone for 16 hours at a time, he told the judge.  Ruane quit drinking in December 2003, has been in treatment programs at Stepping Stones in Joliet, and is in weekly counseling sessions, he said.  "If she didn't get help, she'd be 6 feet under herself," Rosner told the judge.  At the end of the hearing, Ruane stood and spoke to the judge herself.  "I'm really sorry for everything I've put everybody through," she said, looking down at her hands.  Now that she's volunteering as a switchboard operator at Stepping Stones, Ruane said she felt like she was giving back. If she could go to school, she would like to become an addictions counselor.  "I feel like that's my calling," she said. "I'm scared."  Livas decided to take the case under advisement. He will consider her punishment until 9:30 a.m. Aug. 3.  2 DUIs: Prison for pregnant mom 5-year sentence: Gerene Ruane of Mokena gets one year short of maximum By  Cindy Wojdyla Cain  STAFF WRITER (August 4, 2004)  There are three types of alcoholics in the world, Judge Robert Livas told Gerene Ruane as she stood before him crying softly.  The first type makes one mistake and changes.  The second type has to lose everything before they stop drinking.  The third type, he said, are the people who will eventually drink themselves to death.  "You might be in the third group," a stern Livas told Ruane on Tuesday.  The pregnant mother of three was sentenced to five years in prison, one less than the maximum possible, for two driving under the influence of alcohol charges.  "Quite honestly, if you want to drink yourself to death, that's your right," Livas added.  The judge also said Ruane, 39, of Mokena, showed "a remarkable lack of responsibility" by getting pregnant again considering her drinking problem.  Ruane, who wore a pink maternity top and capri pants, broke into loud sobs as she was handcuffed and taken into custody. She covered her face with her hands and continued to weep loudly as the judge moved on to other cases.  Ruane's lawyer and husband left the courtroom after the sentencing. But one woman stayed behind to hear Ruane's sobs and to watch her take her seat with other prisoners.  "I want to see this," Dorene Bryan said as she stood up in the courtroom.  Bryan is the mother of Connie Bryan, a 15-year-old who was killed in a hit-and-run accident 15 years ago this Thursday. In that case, Ruane was convicted of leaving the scene of a personal injury accident and sentenced to three years in prison.  Livas said he did not take that crime into account Tuesday because Ruane already served time for it. But he did take her conduct — which he called "completely and absolutely appalling" — into consideration.  Ruane, then 25, drove away from the 1989 accident because she didn't have a license or insurance, a passenger testified during the trial.  Ruane turned herself in a few days later. But she was acquitted of reckless homicide in a bench trial because there was no proof that she was drunk at the time of the accident.  After the Bryan accident Ruane, formerly Gerene Ohlund, continued to get involved in traffic incidents including two more hit-and-run accidents in 1989, driving under the influence in 1996, and endangering the life of a child in 2003.  Tuesday's sentencing stemmed from a June 2002 accident at Revere and Wolf roads in Mokena. Ruane pleaded guilty in May to two counts of DUI.  Livas said he was not going to delay her sentence until she delivered her fourth child in about three months. Ruane's continued drinking could cause damage to the unborn child, Livas explained. And her alcoholism could lead to postpartum depression.  After the proceedings, Dorene Bryan said she was glad Livas sent Ruane to prison, where she will have to serve at least 2 1/2 years of her sentence.  "I didn't think this would happen," she said. "I thought she'd get off."  Both attorneys on the case agreed that it was a difficult set of circumstances.  Kevin Rosner, who represented Ruane, said he fears his client will not get the alcoholism treatment she needs in jail. He had urged the judge to sentence Ruane to probation or a light prison term.  "Who knows what will happen when she comes out," Rosner said. "She's another casualty of addiction. It impacts not just her, but everybody around her."  The two DUI convictions brought Ruane's total to three, said Assistant State's Attorney Janine Boggs, who prosecuted the most recent charges.  "As the judge said, her history warranted this sentence," Boggs said.  Ruane's husband left the courtroom carrying his wife's small black purse with him as he headed to the elevators.  "It's very devastating," he said with a shocked look on his face.  For Dorene Bryan, the devastation has lasted almost 15 years.  "She (Ruane) paid her dues for Connie," Bryan said. "But she's here and Connie is not — and never will be."   Now that you have taken the time to read this, I will give you my opinion on this matter.  This woman should honestly never have her freedom. I am sorry to say that but she has shown a clear disregard for human life and thinks of no one other than herself. It is unfortunate that her children will not have her in their lives for up to 5 years, however is that necessarily a bad thing? There is a part of this article that states she was passed out behind the wheel of a car with a baby in the back. That is not only a disregard for her own life, but of the life of her children.  Justice was not served in this case, I feel that this woman should have been locked up for the rest of her natural life. I look at the facts of each individual crime when they happen. I mean people do things for a reason. And in most cases, you can sometimes see where the person who perpetrated the crime was coming from. I am not saying that they shouldn't be punished I am just saying that you can understand what was going on.  As for this woman, there is nothing here that I can understand. This woman had her driving privledges taken away years ago, and she still continued to drive. It is painstakingly obvious that she could not be left on the street. Kudos to the judge for sending her to prison. It is too bad that it wasn't forever.