Well, what do you think of my new template?  I like it, but I am missing the links I had set up, and the page counter, which took me *hours* to figure out.  C'est la vie.  It occurred to me after the post about paying people to write in the comments section so that I could "connect", that it would make no sense for me not to write the people who were taking the time to write me.  Perhaps this is added incentive - write in my comments section and you will get a chance at the $5 in my pocket AND an email from me.  Perhaps not.  Anyway, I imagine I have reached my limit of commenters, so I will have to choose who to send the money to from the three people from the first day (and I just realized that time is up).    Well, catching the fruits of my labor might be easier than I thought.  Or more difficult.  Commenter Ken, who mocked Ultimate Frisbee players and suggested I take the $5 and go for a drink, has also suggested coffee.  Yikes!  I mean, I made the call for comments, he commented, I emailed my thanks, and he suggested coffee.  Together.  Is that crazy?  I should watch what I say, because he is probably going to read this, sooner or later.  On the other hand, I haven't watched what I said before, and he *says* he's read all that, too.  I have been relatively open on this, my little piece of the internet, and yet he still wants to meet.  Perhaps that's reason enough not to.  This was supposed to be an outlet for my neurotic anxiety that I try to hide in my real life (I am more and more convinced I that I am not doing a terribly good job at it).  So, the question is, should I do it?  Any thoughts?  I mean, I am not desperate for a relationship, but I think it's become clear that I am desperate to make a connection with people in this city.  And Commenter Ken is in this city.  He said he's not disfigured or fat or anything, only short.  I am bordering on freakshow short myself, so I don't judge (yes I do, but I try not to). But what if he's a geek?  Not like in high school, since it turns out that most of those people were cooler than the "in" crowd anyway, but like those people who stand too close to you, or like someone who doesn't get the hint, and keeps calling, even though you never call him, and you cell phone seems to be on the blink, because he always finds himself leaving you voicemail, which makes you cringe.  (BTW - when did "phone messages" become voicemail?  Is there a difference?)  But there is the fact that I have been soooo honest.  It might be a great place to start a friendship.  I have a hard time voicing my lunacy because I think my friends think I am holding it together (like I said, I might be a tad delusional on this point, but I am not ready to let go of the fantasy yet).  If he already knows, no point in hiding it, right?  I guess the real question is whether there is any harm in meeting Commenter Ken.  Right now, I can think of none.  Meeting a stanger in a public place for a chat and a coffee.  He *could* follow me home and start stalking me.  Yikes.  But that is true of the guys I actually give my number to, and I haven't even given him that much rope to hang me with. However!  I am not blind to the fact that I am infallible - if you have a suggestion about some other way Ken might be creepy, something that I just haven't seem, let me know.  In fact, let's put it to a vote - should I make the leap of faith?  Or should I save myself the trouble because people are basically shitty and are more trouble than they are worth?  Vote by Monday, June 28th, and I will let you all know the results and my plan.  I just re-read the question on the ballot.  Fuck it - I am going to do it.