I recently asked my first flame if he truly loved me during our years of youthful admiration. In his response and my saturated review, I discovered more about myself than I did about him. There is definitely more to ask, to ponder about love lost than the clear cut, ‘So, did you love me?’ Not only do feelings change, but feelings about feelings change. Our perceptions, our definitions change with time, experience, life.  His description of love through the heart and mind of a 20-year-old was mystical, pristine, exclusive, abstruse, everlasting, inexplicably valuable, a treasure, perfect. And those labels, those feelings still make me flower. But, for him, at the time it wasn’t enough just to be in the moment of rapture that has glazed the eyes of countless young lovers. He could never just let be what was – it had to lead somewhere – the next accomplishment, the next battle, the next victory.   I don’t say this in judgment, but in understanding. I was the same, perhaps still am - though the practical results of this tendency in me are much different. He was action, I was thought. He was head, I was heart. He battles with blazing a trail of success. I suffer from infatuation with the dream of yesterday and the fantasy of tomorrow.   As a young woman, love was new, creative, passionate, aching, endless, pinnacled by nothing. Love is what I lived for…and still do. Love, though defined and felt entirely differently by me now, is still the most important treasure in my life. Relationships –that’s it. Knowing and loving God. Knowing and loving my family. Knowing and loving my friends. Knowing and loving myself.  At a still-young 35, this is what I have learned love is not --  Love is not a feeling. Love is not words. Love is not earned. Love is not jealous. Love is not selfish. Love is not negotiable. Love is not judgmental, but does tell the truth. Love does not give up.  And here is what love is –  Love is the most important aspect of life. Life is nothing without love. Love is self-less. Love is action. Love is enduring. Love is thoughtful and gentle. Love is forgiving. Love is pure. Love is trust. Love is protection. Love is persistent. Love is vulnerable, but the strongest thread of life. Love is life-giving.  Though I had my insecurities in my childish twenties, I was still fairly innocent of my disastrous failings. This made me a lot freer in some ways than I am today. And the possibility of not being loved by someone I loved never entered my mind.  These days, I am periodically haunted with the thoughts that either I am not loveable or I cannot love. Living with either of these options is unbearable to me. How did I come to this dangerous and lonely spot?  I believe we learn to love by being loved. If we grow up in an environment where we are not loved and accepted, it will be nearly impossible for us to accept love from someone else or to love and accept another. How sad that my thinking must say something about what I have learned about love as a child and since…  But, thanks to God, I am not bound by my past, but am a new creation in Christ, my Savior, my Lord.  II Corinthians 5:17  . And Christ has given the greatest testimony to love through His sacrifice and His gift of freedom – our own will to choose Him or not. He chose love. He chose to lay down His life for us. And that is the greatest thing: to chose love, not to be forced, and to know that by choosing you may not receive in return…but choosing anyway.