dude, today i've earned it... although i should probably be asleep by now instead of working on the laptop and watching nick at nite.  so last night i got about 3 hours of sleep... skipped algebra, but apparently so did half the class and the prof too (he had an older grad student teach instead)... went to graph theory, turned in the results of my allnighter, then eric and me went to get lunch (tuesday is now subway day so we can collect free sub card stickers =P), ran errands, then worked on analysis all afternoon... i actually fell asleep for about half an hour on the comfy couch in the TV room of eric's apartment while he was doing laundry, which i think has helped me stay awake for as much of the day as i have... came home to work and see tonight's new scrubs episode that had michael j. fox in it.  i've taken pride for awhile in saying i don't really watch TV because when i have i've watched some shows so addictively that that's all i'll do for many evenings instead of any work, reading, socializing, whatsoever, but now i have 2 regulars again.  (1) i've been watching friends all year since g-ma pudwell is addicted to it and that gives us at least something to talk about... whenever i tell her i haven't seen an episode yet she always tells me i should watch more tv, so whatever, i'm trying =P  (2) scrubs -- i started watching this sporadically last year at some point, but not regularly... when it was on the same night as friends this fall, i'd record it too and watch them both the next morning, but now, even though it's moved to tuesdays, i've still been watching/recording it....  the writers have such a bizarre sense of humor that it's always a good laugh, but generally with a decent "moral to the insane story" kind of ending every episode too... like tonight involved a really crazy OCD doctor, and a mini-me janitor and a devious plot to steal all the hospital's garbage... completely silly outrageous plot stuff, but the end was all about "half of conquering your own problems is recognizing them... and when you recognize that *everyone* has problems yours don't seem quite so unbearable"  it's quality and i enjoy it. =)  three more thoughts:  (1) apparently i'm more readable than i thought... strange story, enough said  (2) i miss living with friends... kristin and i have talked a few times this week, and i miss seeing her in person... on the other hand my roommate here (amanda) i think is breaking up with her boyfriend or something, she's running around crying a lot and yelling with various people on the phone this week, but we don't talk more than bills... when i ask her how things are going it's always "fine, how are you?"... we coexist, but i don't really know her, even 5 months after living 3 feet away from her door... i dunno, whatever, it's just weird to live with someone majorly stressed out on life without you knowing them well enough to know how to respond, or them knowing you well enough to even feel comfortable letting down the "life is great!" facade even occasionally.  (3) quote of the day adam hughes's away message: "if 3 + 3 = 5 then what's the capital of singapore?" my response: it can be whatever you want it to be since the if clause is false no matter what standard group you're operating in. =P thus, i vote the capital of singapore is "llama pizza party city" (this is now his profile)  dude,  thought 4... i just went to sleep 17 hours ago, and woke up 14 ago... it's time to get a *real* night's sleep vislat