Read Slowly...   Have you ever wondered which hurts the most?  Saying something and wishing you hadn't?  or Saying nothing and wishing you had?   I guess the most important things are the hardest things to say.   Don't be afraid to tell someone you love them. If you do, they might  break your heart...if you don't, you might break theirs.   Have u ever decided not to become a couple because you were so afraid of losing what you already had with that person?   Your heart decides whom it likes and whom it doesn't.   You can't tell your heart what to do.   It does it on its own.... when you least suspect it, or even when you  don't want it to.   Have you ever wanted to love someone with everything you had, but that other perso n was too afraid to let you?   Too many of us stay walled up because we are too afraid to care too much...for fear that the other person does not care as much, or even at all.   Have you ever denied your feelings for someone because your fear of rejection was too hard to handle?   We tell lies when we are afraid...   afraid of what we don't know,   afraid of what others will think,  afraid of what will be found out about us.   But every time we tell a lie, the thing we fear grows stronger.   Life is all about risks and it requires you to jump.   Don't be a person who has to look back and wonder what they would have done, or could have had.   *What would you do if every time you fell in love you had to say   good-bye?   *What would you do if every time you wanted someone they would never be there?   *What would you do if your best friend died tomorrow and you  never got to tell them how you felt?    (even if it is that you don't care anymore)   *What would you do if you loved someone  more than ever and you couldn't have them?   *What would you do if you never got the chance to say I am friends with all of my family and they know I love them?  People live, but people die.  And I want to tell you DO NOT make any decisions that you will regret about...