my first day back to school after break wasn't nearly as bad as i imagined it to be.  it was actually one of my better days and it reminded me of why i like teaching.  i really do like teaching.  it's not a simple job though and it's easy to get frustrated by it.  i was pumped to go skiing after school as a chaperone but they cancelled it because of the temperature.  it's probably better though since i'm starting to feel pretty exhausted already and i haven't done anything since i've come home from work.  i should definitely start getting up early in the morning to exercise before i go to work...that way i'd feel more energized all day.  i'm happy...the colleague that i celebrated new year's eve with talked to me today about hanging out with them more often.  i can't wait.  i think it's great for me to get away from this house and hang out with "normal" people.  it also doesn't hurt that they actually want my company.  i don't know what's wrong with my housemates.  maybe it's just me but they seem even more mean towards me than usual.  it all really depends on the one that has the new girl toy.  in my opinion, he has changed drastically in the past month.  it appears to me that he is trying to act like who he thinks she wants...and trying to be more like her so that she'll like him more or something.  he swears A LOT more and is ruder and makes stupid comments.  he also wears hats around the house like she does, although not nearly to the extent that she does.  i've never seen her without a hat on...and i'm not sure i could be convinced that he has either.  i hope she is impressed with his new behavior, because i'm certainly not.  frankly, i just find it annoying.  anyway, the reason why i say it all depends on him is because one of the other housemates treats me at about the same level that he does, so when he's nice, he's nice to me too and when he's a complete asshole, he's just as much of an asshole.  it's like they feed off of one another and all gang up against me.  whatever...things aren't ever going to change...at least not until they mature a little and realize that they really are jerks...and i'm sure this won't happen while i'm around.  one of them had complained before about not having any friends that were girls besides me, and i think it's funny because i don't think he recognizes that unless he's dating someone or trying to get some action, he treats girls like crap and i don't know of many girls that would tolerate it.  i've been stupid to put up with it for this long.  i wonder if he realizes that he's losing another one...and i'm not sure that this can be saved.  i hope one day they look back at these times and wish they had treated me better...hopefully it won't be before i'm long gone.  so, right now i'm sitting around not doing much of anything.  there's ddr music in the background.  we have company...3 guys...none of which the guys introduced me to.  one of them introduced himself to me but i only know who the other 2 are because of name references during conversations.  that's pretty nice of them.  maybe they just want to pretend i'm not here...or better yet, maybe i'm invisible and fully unaware of it.  3 of them are currently off attempting to find a liquor store open this late at night...i think they were heading to wisconsin to try their luck there.  it would probably be a fun drive.  i like driving...to a certain extent.  i'm not really fond of driving around other people because i tend to get pissed off at all of the people that don't know how to drive and shouldn't be on the road.  however, i find driving very relaxing in most cases.  i like getting myself lost (on purpose) and then trying to find my way home (without any guidance).  i especially like scenic drives.  i'm really rambling on here.  i have nothing interesting to say but i also have nothing else to do...and it's not like anyone is ever really going to read this.  one thing i've been thinking about today is that i haven't ignored anyone for a long time.  i think i'm getting better at that.  i don't know if it's because it's gotten to the point where i just don't care enough to get that angry or if i'm dealing with my hurt and anger in better ways or if i've somehow grown out of that.  it makes sense to me that it was just a phase because the first time i started doing it was when i was living with the person who my boyfriend at the time cheated on me with.  obviously, we weren't on speaking terms and both did an excellent job of ignoring the other.  ever since then it has snuck it's way into most of my friendships at one time or another.  i've really become quite a bitter person.  i don't know why i hold so many grudges.  before i got hurt so many times, i was actually quite nice, forgiving, accepting of everyone, trusting of everyone, fun, and laid back.  it hurts that nobody seems to remember the old me...well at least no one that hasn't been a victim of my recent antics and have changed their opinion of me.  i lost so many friendships during the last 2 years of college...and i think part of that is because i realized that i can only trust myself and i'm the only person that's going to look out for me.  it's really hard for me to believe that there is anyone out there (besides my immediate family) that truly cares about me.  as a result it's been increasingly more difficult to justify keeping some of the so-called friendships i've had.  maybe i think i deserve something that i don't.  maybe i expect to be treated better than i should.  i don't know.  i keep saying that i'm not myself, which is true in my eyes.  i'm not at all the person i used to be, and i don't approve of the person that i've become.  i don't feel at all how i envision my true self to be.  part of me really wants to go back to how i used to be, but at the same time i think that it would be dangerous for me to do so, not to mention, near impossible.  by dangerous i mean that i recognize that i was incredibly naive, too trusting, too innocent, and didn't know all i know now.  by near impossible i mean that there's no way that i can go back knowing what i know and because i've been hurt so badly too many times.  it's just frustrating because i want to change and i try to change but everytime i think i'm making progress, i feel like i am pushed back by the people around me and the things that happen in my life.  i wish that karma would find it's way to me one of these days for all the good things i have done.  even though i know that nobody said life was going to be fair, i just don't understand why so many bad people have so many good things happen to them.  it almost makes me want to be bad so that something good happens to me.  okay, now i just sound ungrateful.  i know good things happen to me, they just don't seem as important as the good things that happen to others...you know...the grass is always greener on the other side.