from: brett mills sent: monday, february 9, 2004 22:30 pm subject: my adventures part 4    Thanks for all that sent a text message, but unfortunately I didn`t recieve them.  I also made a mistake with my phone email address.  it is (?)  So if anyone wants to send me a quick email to say hi, that I can reply to straight away, you can do it to that address.  Today, I became an alien. YEAH, and I opened a bank account.  No dramas. I also went and had a massage.  FOR FREE.  Not sure if I have mentioned this before, but there is an electrical store that has massage chairs in them.  You sit down and it is amazing.  It goes from the neck down to the feet.  Words can not describe it.  They are demo chairs, and everyone does it.  The shop keepers never come up and ask you to move on, or if you are interested in purchasing them.  I was there for about 1/2 an hour.  I can still feel it now.  The chairs cost around $2000 so I don`t think I will be getting one.  I haven`t done anything else yet.  I have Sunday and Monday off work.  I work Tuesday to Friday from 5pm to 9pm and Saturday from 1.20 to 9pm.  The lessons are 40 minutes with a 10 minute break in between to plan for the next lesson.  There is a structure to follow, ie. introductions, warm up, etc but the actual lesson is up to me.   We have text books and each student has a file.  You just need to pick a page/lesson that they have not done before.  I am getting to work 1 hour before I start just to plan my day, but most of the teachers who have been doing it for a while, arrive 10 minutes before and just choose a lesson and go from there.  There is no time to chat and have fun yet.  I need all of my 10 minutes just to get ready for the next lesson.  It`s fun, but hard work at the moment.  Lucky I am only part time.  I do 5 lessons during the week and 8 on saturday.  Full timers do 8 lessons everyday.  So compared to them, I have it easy.  The good thing about it is that outside of work, there is no stress.  I don`t need to worry about the job.  GREAT!!!  Thats about all for now.  I don`t have any major plans this week.  Lots of things I want to do and places I want to go, but they will have to wait until the money starts coming in.  Must keep an eye on the budget!!!  I hope everyone is happy and healthy.  Keep the emails coming with information on your adventures.   Till next week or beyond  Bye for now Brett