Have I mentioned I can’t wait to be unemployed?  I’m totally serious – this job drives me nuts.  Case in point: at my school, each grade gets to go on a class field trip during the year.  This year, the 8th graders went to a planetarium on a university campus.  Sounds pretty cool, right?  Well, according to these kids, it stunk.  They made it back in time to go to their last classes of the day, and what do they do?  They walk in complaining about the field trip and how their presenter was gay.  Who cares if your presenter was gay?!  That’s not the first gay person you’ve met (you’ve met a lot of gay people and you don’t even know it!) nor will it be the last, so deal with it.  AND, how dare you complain about a field trip your teachers and parents spent weeks planning?  You got out of school for an entire day, and you complain about it?  You are sounding very selfish right now.  There are many, many kids in this country who never get to go on a field trip.  So take a good, hard look around and realize how fortunate you are.  Okay.  The reason I am bringing this up is because it happened 2 weeks ago and a teacher (a friend) said that some of her kids told her today that I sure seemed annoyed with them.  She asked them why.  They told her, “She called us spoiled rich kids.”  Uh, no.  Thank goodness this is not a teacher who believes everything the kids tell her because she told them they needed to back up and tell her exactly what I had said.  They did (see above), and she said I don’t blame her.  You shouldn’t have come into her classroom mouthing off like you were.  Thank goodness for teachers like her!    I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.   Lily Tomlin as "Edith Ann"     My campus is making the mistake of having an inservice with  urlLink The Flippen Group .  Is there anyone else who thinks this is crap?  Especially in a campus environment like mine where teachers are already too easy on these kids, I think it is a monumental mistake to bring in a group that promotes a “nurturing” (read: allowing students to make the rules in the classroom) environment.  We need to set high expectations for all students – and hold them to the expectations instead of saying “oh, that’s okay because you tried your best” when they fail.   I don’t buy it.  Hey, anybody remember the  urlLink “Scared Straight”  documentary?  Let’s bring those guys in.   urlLink Thank you, Dubya, for teaching me how to laugh again.