Im feeling so alone. Kevin is away at camp, and Greg is in NH with his mom until saturday... The two people i really want to talk to, i really  need  to talk to...and i cant...well Greg has to call me, and i have no idea how to get in touch with Kevin. i made a new friend at Shandra's 18th B-Day party, her cousin- Steven Disney. Hes 16, three months younger than me, his bday is in dec. hes exactly like me only hes a guy, and hes tall, blonde curly hair, blue eyes, opp in appereance, but exactly the same in personality, except that he likes birds and i dont. hes funny, charming, sweet, EXTREMLY polite, hes such a gentleman...i can really see us becoming best friends, i kinda wish Kevin acted a lil more like Steve, cuz Steve is touchy feely, u know?? like me?? i like that in a guy, u dont have to be touch feely in a sexual way, (cuz only Greg can touch me like that...and if anyone else tries i will beat the living SHIT outa them, and then ill get Greg to also!!!) techno freaks, animae freaks...the whole nine yards...lol hes deff more best friend material, then bf material if u ask me, but i am attracted to him, he reminds me so much of Greg, i couldnt help but flirt with him at first, it felt like i was flirting with Greg all over again, when we first met, it felt good to remind myself of the first feeling of lightning running thru my veins because of Greg. but of course stupid me, i felt guilty for being attracted to Steve, because it was more so then a normal, "oh hes hott, lets follow him for a lil bit" kinda atttraction, i was so drawn to him, but i know it was only because i could see Greg in him, it made me want Greg right next to me, it made me want Greg on the dance floor, rubbing our bodies so close together again, becoming intimatly one with eachother and the music ( i never danced with Steve, he didnt want to, i tried but he wouldnt!! lol and there was only one slow dance that i was present for, and Jo-Al and i danced for that) I wanted to be in Greg's room, deeply burrowed under his covers with him again. completly ourselves with the other, bare, skin on skin, and dancing to that slow and sensual hot dance that brings two lovers together. I wanted to feel his arms around me, i wanted to feel his love rushing through me. I'm so mad that this is the week he had to leave. ive never craved him like this, not when hes not around me at least. for its hard for me not to crave him when hes pushed up against me, even more so!   "Ai yai yai    I'm your   little   butterfly     Green,   black   and   blue ,  make the colours in the sky!"     "Where's my samurai?"