For some reason I cannot fathom the street that I'm on has been claimed by a couple of ducks. Probably the same couple that caused that fucker in an ugly-ass Aztec (seriously, that car looks like it was designed by a blind retarded mime - no offense meant to blinds or retards) to stop in the middle of the road (which by the way has been torn up to apparently replace a water main) without turning on the hazards to watch them ducks on the side of the road. Now the reason for it to be unfathomable is that the nearest lake/pond/major puddle of water is at least one mile away from here, and every time I see them ducks they're further away from it. I got pictures, I'll post them once I upload them to my computer.  As I'm writing this I'm watching some big-ass clouds roll in. It looks like it's going to rain.  Again . It seems that hereabouts you get 4 days of rain per day of sun. On the good side, them's some darn pretty skyscapes to be seen, specially when the clouds move in from over the horizon.  I got a recall notice in the mail. It seems that earlier (99-02) VW Jetta models have a potential problem with the brake light switch that can cause the brake lights to fail. Fortunately that hasn't happened yet, but I've got an appointment at the dealership anyway to get it fixed. And since the car's due for its 60k inspection (well it's at 64k now but that's ok because I had the oil change done at 54k) I'm doing both at the same time.  I met with one of the TAs for Algorithms today and went over some of the assignments. That is, he explained me how to solve them, and I went "Ah, so  that's  how it was supposed to go." In the end I concluded that a lot of my troubles are because I haven't memorized logarithm conversions. But at least now I've got a bit more of a clue as to how to approach the problems. See, what they call the  "easy way"  is actually the  "long and tedious but requiring little thinking if you  memorize all this shit way."  Every once in a while I come upon a band that sounds so-so when I first hear it, and then 3 years after I listen to the stuff again and think to myself "wow, that is some good shit."  Dream Theater  is one of them.