Listening to: Betrayed me - Adema Mood: Down    Been sitting on the balcony for the past 30 minutes just watching the world go by.  It's interesting to watch people go about their lives with no care or regard for anyone else, complete strangers crossing paths and never glancing at the person passing by them or giving a thought to what sorrow their lives may hold for them.  We all do this everyday of our lives and who can blame us when the people that  are  in our lives do not give a shit about our sorrow or joy, so why would we care about a stranger's? The world is a cruel, cold and lonely place for us mere humans to inhabit. That is the conclusion I reached with my 30 minutes of observation from my balcony...  Additionally, in my 30 minutes of quiet on looking, I also reached the conclusion that I am a complicated person with intricate beliefs. I can forgive those close to me who sometimes hurt me the most but I cannot forgive people that are mere acquaintances for sheer words.  I tried to find an explanation for this and came to the conclusion that I do make sense occasionally: those who are close to me are so for a reason, thus when hurt is spread my way, it is easier to forgive because of the good times that have been spent; however when an acquaintance says something of the nature I am referring to, it is impossible to forgive for various reasons: 1) I have nothing to fall back on regarding friendship; 2) the specific words I am referring to hurt me more than I could ever express (hell, I cried in front of my mother because of them); 3) the only person who defended me so far was someone who also criticized me, therefore I am still to be safeguarded.    And in this sense I fell very alone in my thoughts and feelings, because all of you say the same thing: ignore it; leave it, ‘caga nisso’… And some even go to the extreme of finding excuses or reasons to justify what was said.  Well, I can’t ignore it, or leave it or cagar nisso.  I wish I could but I can’t.  The thought of having to see these people and see them with a smile on my face, makes me feel physically sick.  Instead of telling me to ignore it and finding reasons for it, try to understand that I was the one who was insulted and I am the one who has to stand there with a cynical smile on my face.