recap of the day: class, other class, pizza seminar, homework with other people in the office for a bit, homework at home, dinner, more homework, went to wind ensemble concert with eric (i actually just typed 'wind ensemble homework' and had to fix it -- what does  that  say???), and now back home to do more homework.  lie groups final status... 3 problems figured out, 2 written up... still working on that for quite some time tonight.  that's basically the summary... here's the quotes to go with the day:  class 1 (algebra): you ask about grades.  my answer is this: i use an oracle, so i have no control, you have no control.. the fate of algebra students is written in the stars. ~dr. vasconcelas  class 2 (graph theory): i'm saying nothing, but at least i'm saying it repeatedly. ~dr. kahn  pizza seminar: (making fun of a theorem that's being explained, pokes me and whispers:)  you  are a special point on a certain holomorphic function. ~ben  homework with other people in the office for a bit:  (1) ian (erasing the board in our office, just after i had finished explaining something):  look, sorry i have to erase your theory of everything me: actually, it was a map of my part of memphis, but same thing.  (2) so let's pretend there's a bunch of dots and accents in our names so that we're hungarian and the minus one doesn't matter. ~mike  homework at home: (in response to my angst-filled away message) may the llamas be with you... p.s. Bob says hi and that he misses you. He's looking forward to when you can kick him again. ~adam hughes  dinner: (i was watching "home improvement" while i ate) wilson: you know, a wise person once said women have to work twice as hard as men to get half as much credit. (1, 2, 3, discuss!)  more homework: jessica: yup, good luck. I've been starting my studying too >:o me: studying is more like...  >:o  me: =) jessica:  :-$  me: i've never quite figured out what that one is me: any hypotheses? jessica: when he was littler he looked like he was studying jessica: you know, confused and nasueated me: lol -- excellent jessica: lips sewn shut! that's got to be it (copy and paste the faces into AIM -- it makes it more fun =P)  went to wind ensemble concert: *la la la* (it's hard to properly quote musical instruments)  ...now more homework =P