"Now here's a little story I like to tell about...." So goes the beginning of one of my all time favorite songs. Paul Revere by the Beastie Boys from their classic album "License to Ill". Most people like "No Sleep til Brooklyn" or "You gotta fight for your right. (to party)". So everyone reading this is probably wondering where is he going with this?  I was in the north end of Boston today and went to see the home of Paul Revere. The day started out as any of the other days here in Boston began. I went to my morning seminar at the Washington Center. I then took off for a lunch downtown at the Black Rose pub. Leona, the best bartender ever,  was working today. I sat and we talked for a few minutes. I was in search of a lobster meal, and this pub was happy tom oblige. Many first occured on this day for me. I had my first full lobster dinner, my first bowl of clam chowder(good stuff I might add), and my first slice of Boston creme pie, talk about a diabetics nightmare.  While I was at the pub I got a call from someone that I had the pleasure of making an acquaintance while I have been here in Boston. Her name is Debra, from Los Angeles, a very nice person indeed. She told me she has to talk to me right away, she had something important to tell me. I told her where I was at and she said that she would meet me at the pub.  When she got there she gave me a pass into the Fleet Center for the nights events. This pass would in fact get me into the building for the nomination of our future President John Kerry. I thought that could be the best thing in this entire world. She had gotten a pass to get into the convention, and wanted instead to give it to me. I appreciated the gesture, but told her that I had already been in the hall. I told her let's give it to someone that hadn't been in the hall yet. Debra quickly agreed.  We had a lot of time to kill for the day so we went to Boston Harbor first. It was pretty out there looking over the water. It was interesting to see the apartments over looking the harbor and the parking docks right there for their boats. I wonder how much it would cost to have one of those places?  We walked all over the north end of Boston. The both of us fit in, shes a tanned brunette, and I'm a pudgy mexican. The north end of Boston is inhabited by the city's italian population. We went there to see Paul Revere's house. It was pretty good to see where one of the sons of liberty actually lived. It turns out that this house was built in the late 17th century. It was about 100 years old when Revere bought it.  We then went souvenir shopping and ended up in Quincy Market. That was were the John Kerry store was at. (This is where you spit and hiss my conservative brother.) This place was filled with many different campaign stickers, buttons, t-shirts, and all kinds of other stuff. It amazes me how expensive the stuff was, but I did get a few things.  A bunch of us went to the Red Hat for our last night of convention watching. We watched in eager anticipation to see Kerry's acceptance speech. I was nervous and hoped that he wouldn't come off as wooden as he has done in the past.  This raises a question in me. Why do Democrats always nominate these stiffs? Gore, Kerry, the list goes on. Can someone please tell me why???  Kerry gave a great speech. Someone made the comment that he had "hoped that Kerry would at least hit a double, but he instead knocked it out of the park." I have to agree.