Praise God and pass the ammunition! John Kerry has finally picked a running mate! Just two days after giving John Edwards the nod, the two have begun working together for, as their signs say, "A Safer America." (Yeah right.) I know these guys are just chompin' at the bit to put their heads together and plan how to best throw American straight down the toilet, but have you also noticed how often they touch each other? Makes one wonder, does it not? Well, it's all falling into place for me now. Kerry is a gigolo---he's married two rich women who buy him houses and cars, and now he's hooked up with Edwards, his new trophy wife. I mean, come on, the guy made all his millions by suing big business! And he has the gumption to say he cares about America!?! No. He doesn't. He lined his own pockets with the money that should have gone back into the economy, and folks want to put him and his lover, Lurch, in the White House! Egads!!   Honestly, I don't know which one of them is worse. Kerry is a waffle maker, and he's turning little John into one as well. Up until the election year, John Edwards was a real war hawk! I just recently saw an interview John Edwards did with Chris Matthews on  Hardball  before the war in Iraq began.  He said, and I'm not making this up, "Saddam Hussein is the greatest threat to Americans in the world today. Something must be done." No lie! And now he's spewing Kerry's anti-war sentiments in an effort to appeal to the frazzled fringe of the Socialist, I mean Democratic, party. It's just like Joe Lieberman four years ago. He's a little off in places, but at least he was truthful...a stand-up kind of guy. I could tolerate him, but when Gore got his claws firmly planted in his double-breasted suit, the lies just started spewing forth like pea soup out of Linda Blair in  The Exorcist . John Edwards decided to make a run for the White House because he  knew  that he couldn't win a re-election bid in his own damned state! What does that say!? Honestly, they'll get the running mate and convention bounces, but I don't think this race will even be close when all the votes are counted...if, of course, the press doesn't call every single state at 7:00 P.M. before the polls even close, which discourages voters that are heading for the polls after a hard day of work from going by. Clever trick, you lying bastards.