There isn't a lot of good stuff on network TV these days. Especially not good sitcoms. During the 1980's and 90's sitcoms were networks' bread and butter.  Seinfeld, Cheers, Rosanne, Murphy Brown, Family Ties, The Golden Girls, The Cosby Show , etc. all started and ended their runs during these two decades. (I know that  The Golden Girls  is no  Seinfeld , but its a damn funny show). Today, network television swimming in a mire of reality programming. I know there is a hook to these shows, and the "classics" (if there can be a classic in this genre) such as Survivor and American Idol still remain, for the most part worth watching. (At least I watch them, I don't know if that actually makes them worth it). I know everyone loves  The Apprentice , but I refused to watch. The Donald just doesn't do it for me. In addition you have  The Swan, Average Joe, The Bachelor, Extreme Makeover, Extreme Home Makeover, Fear Factor, Forever Eden, Joe Millionaire, Who Wants to Marry My Dad , and so on and so forth.   If reality programming weren't bad enough, the rest of network TV is simply dismal.  Friends  is still okay, but the past couple seasons have just been a big schmoltzy love-fest that lacks the real comedy before the Monica-Chandler wedding of the century. Besides, in May it will be off the air for good.  Everybody Loves Raymond  is still alright, though all the other CBS Raymond wannabes aren't so great, and besides IT will be off the air next year too. When it comes to sitcoms it seems networks just aren't trying anymore.  Except Fox. I never thought the network that brought us year after year (after year) of Married With Children could be such a oasis of sane TV. Granted Fox also has some of the most outrageous reality shows (e.g. they invented "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire") but at the same time being a network willing to take risks has paid off. Most notably, their new program  Arrested Development , is by far the best show on network television.  If you haven't seen Arrested Development yet, watch it! (9:30 pm, after Malcom in the Middle). Its one of the most clever, fresh, and unusual comedies that have come along in awhile. While many have compared AD to Seinfeld, I think the best comparison is to the late 70's/early 80's ABC Comedy  urlLink Soap . Both shows are wacky, smart, innovative, and involve messed up wealthy families. Soap lasted only 4 years, but ran its course well in those years. It also launched the career of Billy Crystal. Arrested Development probably won't launch any careers (the cast includes many well-established actors including David Cross and Portia de Rossi) but I hope it lasts at least 4 more years. (Unlike the Bush presidency...sorry for the political sidebar, but you can't hear "4 more years" and not think presidential elections.)  There's talk that despite AD's critical acclaim (for example  urlLink  Time  named it the "Best American Sitcom of 2003"), it may not be returning for a second season. I desperately hope this isn't true. This show has the potential to save network TV from falling into an abyss of sensational reality programming.   If you happen to care as much about TV as I do, you can sign  urlLink this petition  to keep AD on the air. Also check out  urlLink  USA Today's Save our Shows  page.   This show is so good. It should be no wonder that creator Mitchell Hurwitz got his start as a writer/producer for the  Golden Girls .  urlLink  postCount('108209296604804907');