Ok, so after my post last night about being alone on a Saturday night, my cell rings and it's Matt again.  He tells me that he decided not to go out with his friends.  They're going to Long Beach Island, and it's always a big production when they go there because it's at least an hour away, and he has to work tomorrow morning.  So, in a very roundabout way dealing with having to go to Wal-Mart, he asks me if he can come over.  I ended up meeting him at Wal-Mart, which is weird, because why can't he just come over afterwards, but I needed dishwasher detergent anyway.  He follows me home, but there's nothing on TV, so we ended up watching the NBA playoffs.  He's making comments like, "Nice shot."  I'm making comments like, "Shaq is one huge man."  As you can tell, I'm not much of a sports person.    So he asks me if I want to go upstairs and finish watching the game up there.  I guess he's invited himself over for a sleepover.  This is where things start to get really weird.  He doesn't kiss me goodnight, but the minute I turn over to fall asleep, he begins to grope me.  Finally, I turned over and said, "Are you having fun over there?"  That's when he kisses me.  The incident continues, but since I may not know a lot of people who are reading this, I'm choosing not to post.  But, if you know me well enough to see me or talk to me on an everyday basis, you can ask for the whole story.  I think you will agree that it is weird.  To look at the Big Picture, I don't really think I want to date this guy.  I can't tell what his intentions are toward me.  Judging from the events of last night, I don't even think he's just doing this to get me into bed.  But everything seems so forced and just weird around him.  I thought things would be different because we were already familiar with one another, but I guess I was wrong.  I didn't belong with him the first time, I guess I don't belong with him again.  I will find someone evenutally I guess.  It's times like this I wish I was still married.