well, i'm still extremely sick and all.  my nyquil has run out though and i can't take more or i won't wake up for one last breakfast with the boys so i've decided to stay up and work on a few things.  i've been sleeping constantly the past few days...i'm really confused as to what day it is too.  i thought yesterday was sunday but thank goodness that wasn't true.  it really sucks being sick and trying to get ready to move, not to mention finish up grading finals and grades for last semester and prepare for new classes coming tomorrow.  it's been quite hectic...i don't think i could have picked a more hectic week to move.  so here's the game plan:  wednesday we go and fill out paperwork & get our keys, thursday i move all my big stuff from the house with the uhaul amber's family is renting, friday i'm taking off of work and hopefully going to be able to move most of my other stuff during the day, saturday & sunday will be left to finish moving stuff and to unpack.  then it's off to school again on monday and monday night skiing.  i don't think i finished talking about my new place.  it's really cool.  the walls are all painted really neat designer colors...very trading spaces.  the living room and hallway to my room are a sage green.  my room and the kitchen are a mocha brown.  amber's room and the bathroom are a goldenrod color.  all have white trim and fantastic wood floors.  there are french doors in the living room that open up to a small balcony.   the building is a u-shape and has a courtyard garden in the middle.  it's a very nice brick building.  the gay couple who own it are remodeling it to look vintage and designeresque...hence all the bold colors.  what else?  hmm...well the only real crappy part is that the kitchen is extremely tiny and the kitchen sink is a joke.  it does have a gas stove though, so that's nice.  there is also a cute little breakfast booth built in.  i'm so incredibly excited to move in.  not quite so excited to actually do the moving part however.  oh yeah, we're also right by all the mansions on summit ave. and close to grand ave.  we're right off of snelling too so we have all those businesses to go to also.  it's just a great area.  tons of coffeeshops nearby, a bruegger's bagels, trendy little stores, hair salons, bookstores, etc.  plus, we're right on the busline too so we can get downtown super easily.  being right by st. thomas and macalaster college also means that there is a younger crowd so we'll fit in a lot better.  ah, finally, a new life...soon...just 3 more days...