Looks like I'm getting back into the swing of blogging.  I'm meeting Ju-mi for sam gyup sal tonight so I'll take a minute to just yap away.  This is the third Wednesday in a row we've eaten the tasty pork food together.  I'm really tired but I didn't do anything today.  I think this might be why.  I need a good kick in the ass.  My new favorite thing about Korea is triangle kim-bap.  I know this stuff has been around forever but I'm just now discovering how tasty it really is.  I think I'm in love with the stuff.  I have to work this Sunday in order to get my time off next week to go to Saipan.  I guess I won't be able to giver like crazy on Saturday but on Friday I'll go all out.  Last time I stayed up all night and just went to work.  Really bad idea.  I was paid for that for a long time.  I got to work at the new man-ch'on LIKE today.  Whatever, it's all the same crap.  Hee-duk looks like he's been putting on the some weight.  I worked with Denise, Eddie and Chantel (sp?).  Denise seemed really nice and cool.  Eddie and I never spoke and Chantel, well I just didn't get a good vibe from her.  They have class there until 9:40.  That is some messed up stuff.  I complained about getting of at 8:30.  It is just a matter of time until that school flops too.   I feel restless, like I want to do something but I don't know exactly what.  Going to Saipan will be a good change I think.  Working Saturdays sucks.  I'd really like a two day weekend.  I don't think my place really feels like home either.  It's just a place to sleep.  I want some where warm and cozy.  Ok I can't think of anything else worthwhile to say.  I'll just go find another quiz.     You're chocolate.  You're the old soul type, people feel that they have known you their entire life.  Many often open up to you for they view you as thoughtful and trustworthy.  Although people trust you, you have a hard time trusting them.  You prefer to keep your feelings bottled up inside, or display them very quietly.  It is alright to open up every once in a while.    urlLink   Which kind of candy are you?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla