urlLink Obviously grammar is not your forte` "Wes" but that's okay.  Fine, you can ridicule my mistakes in grammar as long as you are a saint in that department. Oh wait, what's this? "Of course, I am talking to a person  who's  big picture is to steal shit until he gets caught, at which point will become a permanent resident of a state penitentiary where he will join "The Sisterhood"." Great use of grammar.  Then of course he has to insult my comprehension by saying,  "Your comprehension seems to be limited." This from a man that has Ashton Kutcher as an acting god. The same Ashton Kutcher that on  urlLink his imdb.com forums  has the following quote, "Asking if Ashton Kutcher can act is like asking if Marlon Brando has any plans on cutting an album of American Funk Classics." With your critiques of illustriousness, I would not want to achieve your form of greatness.  That is just one point that points towards his own lack of comprehension, but I have one more. In the first quote I mentioned, he says that my life goal "is to steal shit until he gets caught". Now boys and girls, please look at the top of this blog. What is the name of this page? It is Señor Sneer. For the men and women that do not know any Spanish, that is translated into Mister Sneer.  So obviously with the name of Mister Sneer you would think that people would not actually take my work literally. Nope, the man that insults my intelligence, takes everything I say to a tee. Fine, at least now I know who I can scam money off of.   Me : The world is going to be destroyed unless you give me all your money.  "winner" : Oh my god, it is going to explode.  Me : Uh, I said it was just going to be destroyed, but I guess it could explode. But you can stop it. You can be the hero! Just give me your money.  "winner" : Oh, ok. Here you go (hands over wallet).  Me  (walking away): Dumbass.  Hmmm, maybe I should stop the flame wars. This guy could make my life a whole lot easier.    UPDATE : "Winner" changed who's to whose after reading this.