Just a thought......      I was having lunch today with a fellow grad student and we got onto the topic about marriage. I was telling this grad studentthat in Islam, we are told to marry as God wants us to procreate. Hence the reason God created a man and a woman, so that they can marry and have children and make our species live for a loong time. There are other factors which come into play here, but which I did not particularly feel too enthaustic to go into.  Anyhow, this grad student decided that I was wrong, and that I should look into Islam and make sure that God does mean that, and this grad student though I was totally saying something which probably is not correct. I guess it might have been a shock to him, actually it was a shock to him, as he is a catholic and catholics have priests who don't marry. So he was thiking that this thing about marriage could not be true as the noble big people cannot marry. Wrong. That's what catholics believe I suppose. I had to explain to him that even the big people in Islam are NORMAL, and yes they are married and they have kids. It simply did not make sense to me at all to think that a religion could and does believe in the fact that someone should not marry. That is probably the worst torture and I cannot imagine why God would wanna do that to anyone. HECK...I know this system which the catholics believe in is a bit crazy, considering that too many of the anti-marriage priests of this religion have ALL abused children and devastated families. If this order that catholics believe in was truely the true word from God, then God would make it in such a way to not hurt others (those others God has created)..heck this order is strictly not helping, BuT hurting. I know, as I can see from the evidence which I see, that this type of torture is wrong, and it did NOT come from God, but rather from people--people who were too stuck on some stupid scenarios and took things and twisted them into other things.   As it stands, and and as I see it in the news..I am ashamed to see that so many of these priest have hurt others. These so called noble or whatever priets are people too. Just like anyone else and have normal feelings. Being told to never marry was torture to them or became torture, and they let out by hurting others such as little kids (boys and girls--thinking they'd never get caught. The only thing the Roman catholics can come up with now is that somehow these priests that were trained were originally males with problems sexually or something. Interesting, as I see most people have to find an excuse for everything these days..