Uhm,  whoa , I just read mi first post, I cannot believe thats what i have been feeling in the past, i know i was severeli suffering from depression a while back, I had to take pills, although, I dont even know who knew that... Well, Paul being on the fucking  list  dint help, I am just so glad I dont feel like that anymore... I am over pretti much everything that is on mi " list " is gone... I have realized that ever since I did get with Jeffie, things have been a lot better. But i dont want to reli on him. I dont trust guys for fuck... Like honestli, there is nothing like the pain of a broken heart, and i dont want to feel that pain again, If you know what i mean. Guys can kiss mi ass, when i think about it, why do i waste mi time on the opposite sex? What is the point on having a bf at this very point and time in mi life, is it helping me out any? Uhm, Well I like having bf's its nice to have someone you care for, but there is so much trust involved, i know that i have not been the most trustworthy person in the whole entire world, and i think that jeffie is trustworthy, i am just a jealous person, and that is mi nature although, it is a bad trait, i shall one dai get over it.. Even though i am saiing all these negative things about having a bf, i still love having jeff as mine, he makes me feel so good about miself, and he treats me so well... He is (as i have said before) like the sweetest guy i have ever met. But i think that i have realized, that he and i are a lot alike, i dont know if he notices, and i highli doubt that he does... But i am going to pai closer attention to that... I wonder what is going to happen when paul gets back? I am so going to cope just fine, I just dont know how awkward it is going to be, like if we are even going to be friends, honestli, i realli did love paul. i dont know how i did so fast, and i dont get attached to mi bf's (and the thing is that he wasnt even mi bf) i wonder if one dai jeff will be able to love me, or is that too much to be asking for. Love is such a serious word and at times it can be intimidating, but if used in the right situation, then it can be the most precious caring thing that anyone has ever been told. One dai i hope for someone to love me, and to care about me, and alwais be there for me. Even though i have jeff, i dont know what he is thinking, and i dont realli talk to him about that stuff, i mean we have been like going out for like 2 weeks, i know, i am not expecting anything of the sort from him, that would scare him awai, and to be honest, i think that it would be wierd, i just hope that one dai we can be something, something that is so special beyond belief... Right now we just started going out, of course it is going to be awesome at the beginning thats how it all the time, and then when you get into the relationship, you start bitching at one another, and then blah blah blah... haha naw thats not for me, i am going to do everthing to tri and make it so that doesnt happen... haha i am not the kind of gf that likes bitching and complaining, i like triing to make things worse, as far as i am concerned, i like being the wai i am as a gf, i am alwais triing to make whoever i am with feel special about themselves, and i love giving rather than recieving, i love to see jeff smile, it makes me happi... everything about him makes me happi, but when he laughs or smiles at me, everything goes wonderful for that one second, and then its over, and i cannot relive the situation onli because it is something you have to see, and be there for. i know that i am such a loser, what can i sai, thats me... But even sexualli, i like giving rather than recieving, personalli, i dont know why, i mean i dont mind either wais :P, but as i said, i love making the other person feel good, even if it is in a sexual wai, its all good... haha i dont know, im such a loser, i just hope jeff likes me as much as i like him, cause the experience with paul made me veri cautious, i am not sure about what anyone says anymore, it all could be one big lie. but naw i highli doubt it... I dont want to leave tomorrow, i am going to miss jeffie so much, i know i sound pathetic (again) but it is true, I hope that he misses me a lot too, i know that it is onli going to be one week, and when i come back it is going to be 3 weeks that i have been going out with jeff, haha it is getting longer by the dai, i want him to be mi longest relationship. that would be wicked, i know that his was 3 months with that christa chic, or however you spell her name. He went to go visit her, and then he thought that i would be jealous for it... well of course i was kind like... "uhhmmm..." like you know, okai, thats kinda wierd, but then i mean he is aloud to have friends that are gurls, even the ones that broke his heart when they went out with him... But aw well there is nothing to do with me there, so i am not going to worri... I dont think that i am aloud to worri, i see a lot of guys, and that is being equalli, you know... the same kinda, although i dont realli go out and visit mi ex bf's... but its all good, whatever cooks your banick... (thats so paul right now) Speaking of the devil, Jeffie just signed in, I tried talking to him earlier, and i think that his msn was fucked, i dont know, and as he would sai, i dont fuckin care... haha anyway, i am now talkin to him, haha about the fucking song that i love so FUCKING MUCH! Haha gotta love  TEN SPEED HERO , i love them soo much man... haha i dont know, i am such a fucking loser, i could sai it forever... haha oh well... I think that i will be going and i will blog later... i dont know if i will in the next passing week, since i will be gone, but i will recap, when i get back, it is going to be sooooo long, :)  CIAO FOR NOW PURPLE COWZ! Peace out...