Fixination   Well, the cluster got fixed. Which is good. But the event made me think, and I need to come up with some tools for such contingencies. One thing I want to make is a rescue disc for the cluster - a live-CD version running our own kernel. Also including a Server one. That way, if something bad happens, we can always drop in a CD in each fucker and they'd be up again. Not to mention that we could eventually add more machines without needing to install shit on their drives.  The other thing I'd like to try is a nfsboot kernel. I know Evan is against it, and I was too in the beginning, but the kernel only gets loaded on boot, and the rest is local. That will make it easier to roll out new kernels.  I spent all afternoon at my stepsister's, setting up my old computer for her - and failed miserably. The motherboard blew a cap (and I noticed that several others had started to leak - probably due to long exposure to the saline atmosphere in CC). So I ended up taking the burner and the TV card out of that machine and putting it in the other one. She also got my speakers. They're no Klipsch Promedia, but they're definitively better than the crappy desktop ones she had before. At least these have a subwoofer. The sound card of course didn't work. Y'see, the card is a SoundBlaster Live!, and this card is known for fucking up when on machines with Athlon motherboards and running Windows 2000/XP. So she still got that onboard crap going. The one thing that I took out for myself is the hard drive. Now, I know that certain people hate Quantum Fireball HDs, but this fucker survived trips all over the place - I had originally bought it in Buenos Aires, way before I moved to TX, and it still keeps on kicking. So I'm going to put that one on my mom's computer, and use it to store my backups. Or maybe I'll throw Linux on it, and make the machine dual-boot. Not as if she'll ever notice. I also started working on my proposal for a graduate project. I want to work on interaction of AI agents in an environment that is not regulated (e.g. where input data is not verified to be true). But to do that I first need an engine that can handle tainted information, and make decisions about the "truthness" of statements based on what it knows. So I'm looking for an AI system that can do that. If there isn't any, then I'll have to write one, and that will become my Master's thesis, and the social AI thing will go for the PhD.