............................ teaching/friendship ............................  my brother  urlLink the bishop has a thread about who teachers should teach to  -- the "get it"s or the swine.  i think if the choice is to be made (?) the swine have it in the Kingdom of Heaven....  but i've been thinking a lot recently about some of the costs of teaching -- but its really not just about teaching -- its more about mentorship / discipleship / person-development.  whatever...  that process of investing yourself into someone who you have hope for.    so i've just been reviewing some of the complications of that paradigm for living.  implications that maybe i couldn't see while i was still living like a gypsy -- but feel more and more valid the longer i live as a farmer:  1. when you invest in relationship -- you end up caring about that person in ways that are not always shared.  this tension is particularly keen if the mentee / student/ disciple sees your relationship more as a process of the institution / body / community that you've been formally matched by.  2. when you've become friends inside the institution -- staying friends outside of the insitution demands a different set of expectations.   this is almost the flipside.  some of my most rewarding relationships with students from malone are those with alumni.  however -- as soon as the person leaves the context that's afforded us the opportunity to develop relationship -- our continuing relationship has to fit into the fabric of my "non-work" life.  3. when you choose to go about your teaching / discipling / mentoring with the people you work with -- those relationships end up spilling over into your "non-work" life.  so that the concrete choices that you make about each day / each hour -- end up affecting your family, your "non-work" friends (as if it were possible to have those!), and then all the other family and friend relationships you have far away.   am i complaining?  no!  clearly, a profession that allows me to be relational in meaningful ways is one of the luckiest gifts in the universe --   but feeling the strain of these tensions lately has alerted me to this (newly discovered by me) domain of institution / identity strain.    the rigidity of institutional life is much to blame here.  people's default assumptions about time and relationship are structured not only on genuine need and desire , but also based on the structures of time and space that the institutional clock provides.  its this clash that makes for a tension between the-way-it-is and the-way-it-ought-to-be....  hope your day is filled with flashes of the-way-it-ought-to-be....  peace~