Well, I have missed too much time from my blog, I was going through withdrawals.  So much to say.  First, during my trip to Ottawa I dropped off a few resumes, and when I returned home, I had 3 emails from different companies wanting to set up phone interviews with me. The very first phone interview I had, I got the job. The salary is very sweet, 65k/year plus stock options, and bonuses.  I'll wait until I have the other interviews but this is definately sweet.  My only problem is trying to get everything here wrapped up, finding how I will deal with daycare and babysitting, I need to find an apartment or house, etc.  This is a huge deal, and something I really wasn't expecting.  Hopefully it will all work out.  Second, my parents reaction to the whole thing. I've been staying here now for two years, and have been helping to support the household, as well, they have grown to feel like sudo-parents to my daughters.  So needless to say things aren't going over very well at the moment with the whole moving out of province thing.  My mother is furious that I didn't give them more notice, and my father is pissed off that I am taking the girls so far away. Of course, my mom is feeling the same and using the notice as an excuse. Unfortunately, I can't make the kind of money in N.B. that I can outside of the province. Those who have known me, know that I have never been comfortable here in N.B. Although it's a beautiful province and very peaceful and safe, it's just far too mundane and boring for me with very little real opportunity. My parents recognize the fact that I'm not happy here and that I am very independant and that living with them is killing my spirit. I hope they can understand later that moving is the right thing to do.  Perhaps I may wait until next year, but we'll have to see.  Now, on to something a little more comical. This morning I woke up, and headed straight to the bathroom as per my norm.  My daughter Marrissa (5) needed to go and was waiting for me. After I finished and washed my hands I started to walk out of the bathroom when I hear a splashing sound.  Missy had decided to try and pee like her daddy, and it went everywhere, and I mean everywhere. I was laughing so hard that I was trying to tell her to stop between breaths to no avail.  Well, she now understands why girls sit and boys can stand, especially after having to clean it all up.  It's moments like these that make me glad I'm a parent.  I'll keep my situation updated.  RLB   Look wayyyy up - no, don't stop there, look allll the way up!  Perverted version of the Friendly giant