i really have to open a restaurant in this country. i would rack in the money. practically every restaurant is the same. let me explain.  first let's look at the traditional korean restaurant. these are usually smaller places with a few tables, but most people buy food to go or get it delivered. the sad part is, except for a few menu items (and i mean like two or three things max) they all make the same things. (i will stay away from the tangent that all korean food is more or less the same except for a different vegetable added since that can be saved for a separate post). so even though there are a large amount of korean restaurants (about five between my villa and the school), they are all the same.  second, the korean bakeries. i seriously don't know how these went so wrong. i remember working in fortino's supermarket for my part time job, and every morning the bakery would be making fresh bread. the smell was unbelievable and i'd find myself feeling so hungry just smelling it. in korea, when i walk by a bakery i feel ill. you have no idea how difficult it is to just buy a normal loaf of bread (especially whole wheat). everything has creams or vegetables or hotdogs (no joke) in them. maybe the cream filled breads would sound interesting, but trust me, they are horrible. they are not rich creamy creams like a danish or something like that (they don't have danishes here actually). a bakery with tasty pastries and breads here would make millions.  third, any other foreign food restaurants (this does not include 'western food' which is considered any fast food restaurant, they have those but i refuse to eat at them). there are hardly any around. there's the occasional italian restaurant with about three pastas to choose from. they're always crazy over-priced and never delicious. there are also random chinese and japanese restaurants, and they too are pretty sad. japanese restaurants pretty much only make 'don cas' which is a fried breaded pork thing, and that's it. chinese restaurants are crazy expensive (which is why i don't go often), and the food is always a korean adaptation of a chinese dish. that equals not delicious (however, a week ago a new chinese restaurant opened in this area and i have heard that it serves really chinese food, i have yet to try it though).  that's about it, except for the meat restaurants which serve either pork or beef and cook it in front of you. they are all the same as well. too bad i'm too poor to open my own place.