You know I have been giving this alot of thought lately. Most people have the view of life that things have to change. Whether it is tax cuts for the wealthy, better education for the poor, Universal Health Care for all, ending hunger, rampant drug use, crime getting out of hand, or even free access to guns. These are just examples but the list is endless on what people perceive is wrong with our world. Now I am not saying that I have the answers, but I do have an idea.  Turn off the Television. Thats right. Turn it off. How many of us are overweight lazy bums because that idiot box gets the best of our lives? I have to admit that I am one of these poor unfortunate souls. I haven't watched a whole lot of TV since I got back from Boston. All that time I was in Boston I never got the chance to watch any TV except for the convention speakers.  It is not only this God forsaken idiot box and its neverending "Reality Television Shows", but also the Xbox, Playstation 2, Gamecube, and whatever other game console came out last week, that robs us of our time. Now that I think about these reality shows, what is realistic about living in a house with 9 other strangers as you all try to manipulate the situation to try to win one million dollars?  I'll give you a reality show. How about a single mother of two that has to have four hours of sleep a night to work two jobs that combined will only pay her 28,000 a year? All the while trying to teach her kids to do right and pray to God that they don't get caught up in the "glamourous life" of drug dealing and other illegal activities. And for these children going to and from school through a neighborhood warzone where there is no one at home to greet them because mommy just went to her other "part-time job" that she works 40 hours a week at. That warzone that teaches a child that education is not the way out, but rather illegal activity where you can make a fast buck, but when caught the price is not at all worth it. Thats a reality show if I have ever heard of one.  Turn off the box. Read a book, a newspaper, a magazine, have a conversation, just do something that will stimulate your mind instead of sitting there like a drooling mindless drone to see whether Cameron Diaz and Justine Timberlake are going to get married or not. All this stuff is done to make you think of things that don't matter. What about making a decent living for yourself and your family? What about being able to gather the necessary skills to get a high paying job? What about education? Is knowing the name of the guy who got filmed in the sack with Paris Hilton going to earn you cash? It could if you were ever on Jeopardy, but then again that is only one question out of a bunch. You better hit the books if you want to get on that program.  Now this rant can't change the world, but I do hope that it will at least get you to open your eyes. Turn off the TV. Go for a walk. Go for a drive. Do something with yourselves just get away from the evil box. You will feel good about yourself, and who knows you might even think about doing something for others.