2 days no blog , anybody miss me???  anyway, i was at a camp instructor training camp for the last 2 days with Innotrek at Jalan Bathera Campsite. Quite a nostalgic place cos used to have my sec 3 camp there almost 8 yrs ago. THe place changed alot.It was really an enriching training for me and i managed to see the professionalism and enthu in the company and instructors. One main thing i've learnt is that outdoor camps are not the same as what we have gone thru while we are in sec school anymore..Also learnt many skills pertaining to be an INSTRUCTOR. It is not just a imparting of skills to trainees anymore. It is very much more of facilitating while imparting the skills.I've learnt alot from the senior instructors who showed us the ropes especially Annuar, Eunice, Raziman (not sure if i got the name correct...haha) and Bob. They were a fantastic bunch of people. Hope to work with them soon.  Got my exam results today. As usual filled with ups and downs. Got an A-, 3Bs and one B-. Though acceptable results, i am rather disappointed with one module. Singapore's Foreign Policy,  which i feel should be much better than a B, considering the amount of effort and daily performance i have put into the module. Quite surprising for 2 modules which i did much better than expected. In the module of " Nation building in Singapore", i've got a A-. I tot an A- is not possible after screwing up one major question in the exam. In another module "COntemporary social issues in Singapore", this was the biggest surprise. I did not do well in both the group project and individual essay prior to the exam, they were disastrous in fact. In addition, i did not attend lectures the whole sem and for tutorials is just to mark attendence oni...neber do the tutorials at all. Also didn't do much reading for the exams....oni know that it was an open book exam the day before the paper. Surprise Surprise i managed to smoke thru the paper and score a B. Once again it proved that NUS marking system always gives plenty of surprises. I neber manage to predict my results correctly for the last 2 yrs, gave up on predicting liao...hahahaha  very sleep liao...stay tuned for the next episode   Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know