yesterday afternoon was Kermesse, which is "fair", as in, im going to the fair. it was SO hot, and it was just a bunch of games that were practically impossible to win... i won ONE coupon at a darts game (and i had to play it a billion times to get that one... stupid little stars LOL)... people who had 20 coupons at the end could smear Cool Whip on the animateurs, and i was about 19 coupons short lol. after it was over though, i found this huge glob of Cool Whip on the ground, so i scooped it up and smeared it in Mathieu's hair.. it was HILLARIOUS, especially since he was bent down trying to clean himself off from previous attacks at the time lol... then, like the good little boys and girls that we are, we helped clean everything up. we're so nice. LOL       so, last night after supper, me, Jodie, Sarah, Pam, and Amanda M. went to Wal*Mart (i like to put in the *... its fun that way lol). we all had pictures to get developped, accept for Amanda. Pam had a huge stack of pictures... they were AT LEAST 2 inches thick... she got all of her digital camera pictures done, thats why lol. most of my pictures turned out ok, since im using disposable cameras they arent the BEST for things far away, or in dark places, but theyre still good overall. no worse than a bunch of Jodie's, and she has a good camera LOL.       it was a really uneventful night, so i really don't have much to say.        this morning all the showers were in use (except the one with the WORST pressure, because no one ever uses it) so i used theshower in the bathtub. i liked that, but youre in your own little locked room... it makes you think of home lol. the pressure was incredible though... it just about knocked me over! LOL       this morning class was kind of boring. not much to say about it. today's lunch was Mexican themed (there are lots of people here from Mexico)... Elizabeth taught me how to say her last name, and a word that means "dude", as in the way we say "hey dude!" but its what you would say to a girl (she said to say it if you forget their name LOL).... the Mexicans never like the Mexican food here, because its our version, not the real stuff LOL       today is Jun's birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUN! oh, and its also Jessica's birthday... HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESSICA!... and tomorrow is Elvina's birthday, so i might at well say HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELVINA! while im at it.        well, thats all for now... workshop starts in 20 minutes.... this evening is manditory dance #2... Disco *boo*........ au revior!