............................. study guide exam 2 .............................    1. List the ways that Neil Postman argued Newspapers created better citizens.  2. Describe Postman’s idea of “technocracy.”  How is Postman an intellectual descendent of Marshall McLuhan.  3. Be able to describe "Christian Criticism" as Romanowski explains it.  4. What are the four different cultural purposes that Romanowski suggests popular art serves?   5. What different responses to popular culture within Christianity does Romanowski profile?  6. What achievements does Romanowski take pleasure in in his book?  What virtues does he celebrate?  What failed opportunities does he lament?  What weakness does he lament? (be prepared to respond to some of the examples he offers)  7. How does a reformed perspective of theology provide a unique perspective from a traditionally evangelical perspective of mass media?   8. Explain the corrective to Christian Criticism proposed by Dr. Rudd.  9. What are the major claims of researchers who study Parasocial Research?  How do parasocial interactions function for media users?  10. Understand how television producers exploit “parasocial relationships” with production conventions.  11. What did Marshall McLuhan mean by his axioms: “The medium is the message” & “We only understand technology in a rear view mirror and fading fast.”?  12. Know and be able to explain the four laws of media.  13. How do our media remake us? What does McLuhan Mean when he says we make media in our image?   14. Be able to apply each of the seven principles derived from J. Radway's study of the history and development of the Romance Novel Industry to other mass media trends and mediums.  15. Be able to distinguish Radway's findings on romance novel reading from Ann Douglas' criticism of the romance novel "mythology."  16. Be able to identify and define the terms Radway used to characterize Romance Novel reader's use of romance novels.  17. What was the magic silver bullet theory of media effects?    18. Be able to explain the chronological development and structural differences between the magic silver bullet theory, limited effects theories, and uses and gratifications research.  19. Be able to make connections between the idea of "mainstreaming" (as articulated by cultivation theory), "heavy viewing" and the actual research methods used by Gerbner.  20. What are the chief critiques of cultivation theory?  What does the phrase Limited Cultivation Effects refer to?    21. Be able to identify the specific mainstreaming effects that have been identified in heavy viewers in social scientific research (as identified in class).  22. Be prepared to explain the role of media in developing identity in children, particularly minority children.  23. How does fandom function to create identity and community?