Yea right, I didn't write this but did find it interesting to have.       Milan    From the enchanted rooftop world of the Duomo, you can see the graceful porticoes and ornate friezes of medieval Milan fade into the sharp lines and angles of the modern city. It's a clear reminder that Milan isn't just a relic from the past. It's a bustling, forward-looking city whose fashion sense and robust economy drive northern Italy -- if not the entire country.  Often called the least Italian of the country's cities   (BOO),   Milan doesn't draw the tourists that tend to overrun Rome, Florence and Venice   (YEH!...darn you obtrusive tourists).   But once you've strolled its narrow downtown streets and visited its spacious suburban parks, we think you'll find its blend of old and new quite appealing. Yes, it's a big-business city, with hundreds of banks and corporate offices. But it also has plenty of attractions -- including its many-spired cathedral, a world-renowned opera house, the Galeria Vittorio Emanuele II (a soaring filigree structure of steel and glass that was the first indoor mall), and dozens of smart designer boutiques -- to keep you busy for a few days, if not a full week.      Milan Climate    Summer temperatures, which often extend into September, average in the 80s F/high 20s C but can feel warmer because of the humidity. Winter is cold, with little precipitation and temperatures usually in the 40s F/just below 10 C. Spring brings milder temperatures, as well as a lot of rain. The best time to visit Milan is in autumn   (Fabulous, just what I wanted to hear)  , when the weather is crisp, cool, sunny and breezy. But the city's heavy fog and smog can bring a gray day almost any time of year.      Milan Transportation    Central Milan is quite small, and most of it can be covered easily on foot. But if you prefer to spend time seeing the sights rather than walking, Milan's extensive transportation system is a convenient way to get from place to place.  Trams are fun, easy and inexpensive. Some of the old ones date from the early 1900s and add local color to the city. The heavily traveled subway system (or metro) is efficiently run and convenient. Most people will take the etro over any other type of transportation because it's faster. Milan also has an extensive bus system, which shares a ticketing system with both the trams and the metro. The metro operates 6 am-midnight, buses and trams 6 am-1 am.  Taxis are available but expensive and somewhat inconvenient. They only pick up passengers at designated stands and hotels unless they've been ordered by phone.