Well...nothing exciting happened today.  Now, if I think about today, I might find something exciting that happened that is going to entirely contradict the first sentence.  Soo...if we all go back to first period English class today... English was English.  It was fun, as usual.  My favorite class.  Even if I like the teacher more than I like the subject.  But anyway, I was hyper again, as usual. Algebra notes...we're starting a new section on functions.  They're not as difficult as I thought they'd be, since I missed the beginning of them yesterday when I had band. In Music, we worked on our CD projects for a lot of the period...at least I think it was a lot.  They're due Thursday, by the way. Gym class...we handed in our locks to our gym lockers.  I have a whole gym bag full(literally full) of clothes from both field hockey practice and gym class...about three pairs of shorts...three or four shirts...shin guards...the list goes on.  And, then we played softball indoors in the gym.  It was really fun at first, because it was only the girls.  They guys were still handing in their locks.  What is up with guys being slower?  Is it because they're mentally slower than girls (seriously), so that makes them slower physically, as well?  Anyway, then the guys came out, and all of the girls were complaining, and I think some of them were swearing about it.  Oh well...there went the fun in gym class...the girls hated the remainder of the period.  Why can't the boys play outside?  The girls...all of us...hate co-ed gym! Lunch...hmm...went pretty well...pretty funny, too.  Funny story!  To protect one of my best friends...her new name is Mary.  And the one boy...his name is...Tom.  And the other boy is...Dick.  And the third will be Harry.  So, I was in lunch line with Mary, but unfortunately I wasn't paying attention when this happened.  She saw Tom, and he seemed to have this air bubble in the front of his shirt, up at his chest.  Mary said she had seen it earlier in the week, and was curious.  So, thinking it was an air bubble, she poked it.  And, "It was hard as a rock!  It was solid!" she laughed later at lunch.  Tom said, "Hey, Dick, Mary just touched my manboob!"  And us, never hearing the term, laughed our heads off.  Anyway, Mary didn't say anything but, "can you get me a sandwich, too?" when I went to get a sandwich because the other two choices for lunch were nasty...what were they...Rib BQ and...hot italian, I think.  Anyway, after typing in her school ID number, she ran into Harry, and he almost plowed her over.  It must have been the strangest lunch I've ever eaten. We watched a movie on Pearl Harbor, made in 1991 (50th anniversary) in Social Studies.  It had men and women from both sides.  Okay, there was one American woman in the whole movie.  But anyway...you get the point. In science, we learned how to use a Bunsen burner.  Pretty nifty, yup.  One of the girls in my group, Sheila, couldn't get the flint to work, and the other, Justina, was afraid of fire.  And then I was giving it too much oxygen...but we got the hang of it. In Communications, we read more of Tom Sawyer...okay I read while others were giving their brief summaries of the chapters they had read...so I was half-listening to them.  Emmy, one of my friends, said that Tom got an implant. However, I was on AOL a while ago.  One of my friends had a link on her away message to urbandictionary.com, so I clicked it.  There was a definition for manboob.  It's a guy thing...here is what it said: "highly pronounced male bosoms (you may refer to them as 'Bresusus'). Usually the result of inactivity, slothfullness, or gladular irregularities."  So yes, now I know what they are. I took a two mile run...pretty fun.  But, I am never doing two mile runs for three days in a row.  They must really tire me or something...it's the second time in a row I've used body wash as shampoo.  But yeah, that was my day. And, we had steak and spaghetti and scallops for dinner. And, I'm listening to Fur Elise by Beethoven at the moment.