First dates, eh???? They’re a funny thing. They kind of set you up so that you know you want to pursue a relationship, or run a mile.     My last first date was way back when, in the glory days of the 20th Century. It was nice. I was nervous but eager to get to know the attractive guy who asked me out on a date. We ate pasta and I talked incessantly about my life (nothing has changed there!). We parted after dinner with a lingering kiss. It was a good first date.     Now let’s talk about a dating nightmare. I met this guy at the cartoon voice test. He looked a little like a pirate with a big baggy white shirt tucked neatly into his black jeans. He wore smart, shiny, black shoes and a cap. The only amendment I (or Kimberly) would make would be a black bandana to replace the cap. He appeared to be cute and smiled a lot – at both of us. Upon leaving he said he hoped to speak to us soon. I thought nothing else of it.     Two days later, at 11am, I receive a call saying he must see me. We arrange a time and place (tricky though, his grasp of English wasn’t that good).     I go to the date venue: a café in Zamalek (famous for fabulous cafés and night spots). I dress casual. I realise when I see a different guy at the café that I’m not THAT into this guy I am supposed to meet. He arrives. Same type of clothing except no hat and his shirt is black.     We go to the table (surrounded by courting couples) and he sits so close to me that I instantly feel I’ve had enough! He’s invading my personal space. He shakily grabs my hand and puts a ring on my little finger. OK! I think…. He then proceeds to tell me how he fell in love with me the minute he saw me! Wow! I think he’s a headcase!     Two hours go by of him professing his undying love for me. Discussion of marriage, children and other stuff. I am having trouble saying no to letting him kiss me as it is difficult to keep thinking of different reasons to avoid it. I have run out of conversation and he keeps staring at me. He’s starting to scare me. I finally end the date saying that I have to go to see a friend who needs cheering up.  He says he wants a photograph to remind him of the event. OK. I say thinking a quick photo and then freedom! Oh no…     By a photograph he didn’t mean grabbing his camera and taking a quick snap shot. He took me to Mohandeseen, to a photography shop and there we posed for ten different pictures in a studio. I had to drape my arms over him, lie next to him, all sorts of stupid positions.     Then, finally I got in a taxi and freedom was mine! I couldn’t believe it.     Let this be a lesson to all guys out there wondering how to impress the girl who just agreed to go out on a date with them: DON’T BE TOO INTENSE ON THE FIRST DATE. Girls will run a thousand miles to escape you, regardless of how attractive you are!     Anyway, I survived. Texted him to say, “Enough!”. He then called me 8 times. Shame each one was missed!