Today is O-Souji, or Special Cleaning Day here at the office.  Being afraid of heights, of course I found myself hanging out of windows and cleaning them.  Yesterday, Ako invited me to go to Joetsu to go shopping with her.  It was much much much fun.  Guess what I got!  I am now a girl in yukata! Gaze upon lovely photos below... It`s got bunnies on the fabric!  Cute, ne? Also, got some fluffy towels and some other stuff at the hyaku en store plus some udon and sauce and caramels.  Also got some　t-shirts with some really bad Engrish on them.  Engrish is what happens when a non-english speaking country tries to use English words to look cool, without researching how to spell, or maybe even what they mean when you put it all together. Anyway, the results are usually hilarious.  These t-shirts were actually made in China but sold over here.  When I saw them, I just had to see them, as Engrish seems kind of collectable, and makes an English speaking person look at it and say, huh? So anyway it`s fun.  Also, saw an onigiri key chain thing in a vending machine and thought well I`ll put a coin in and see if I get that one, and what do you know, I did! So onigiri man appears below.  He had a conversation with Ako on the car ride home.  He said things like "my mother lives in a rice bowl," and "I`m delicious!"  Okay, so we were really REALLY tired after all that shopping. It might have made us a bit silly. Maybe. Then again, maybe  that`s just in our personalities.  I also demonstrated to the office today that I can do the voice of Golem from Lord of the Rings.  Creep, ne?  So tomorow I go to Niigata city for a ALT Jet program prefectural orientation. So I may not be on the email for 2 days or so.  This blog too, may go without for 2 days, but fear not, I`ll be back with new pictures of my Niigata-shi adventure. Props to those people who have been emailing me.... Michael, Ken Stott, John Fowler, Mom, Shinichi Shoji my Japanese teacher from Winthrop, Barbara, Aunt Joan.  To my old time friends, I hope you had a good time at Clifftop.  I wish I had been there, but next year we`ll jam out.  Keep checkin` in folks. Love and Peace!