Wendy, Shelby and I visited Dad at the hospital tonight.  It took an hour and a half to get to Riverside.  I told him next time to go to the Kaiser in Escondido.  Anyway, he looked fine, but they gave him a lot of tests to figure out why his heart is racing and he's getting shortness of breath.  He may come home tomorrow, but probably Wednesday.  I really hope they can figure out what's wrong with him.  I chatted with Anna Mae again tonight, and I told her how snotty Ellie was on the phone with me last night.  She said Ellie had no business to talk to me that way.  She also said that when she was visiting my dad last night in the emergency room, she announced she was "furious with Lisa".  I asked Anna Mae why she could possibly be furious with me?  Anna Mae said that Ellie thought I should have rushed up there the second I heard my dad was admitted to the emergency room.  Of course I would have if Anna Mae had told me to, but Anna Mae told me that he was fine, and not to even call him for a few more hours.  So, once again, Ellie is trying to drive a wedge between me and my dad.  And for what?  I already bought the house, and his investments are dwindling, so what can she hope to get out of him?  I wanted to call Ellie and give her a piece of my mind for badmouthing me in front of my dad, but Anna Mae asked me please not to, because then Ellie and my Dad would know I found out from her.  And that this was not a good time, because of my dad being in the hospital.  So I promised her I wouldn't say anything right now.  Still having problem with the check from ETS that was bounced by Wells Fargo.  ETS's bank Wachovia said they already paid the check, Wells Fargo said they never got the money for the check, and ETS says it's my problem.  This has been going on since late June.  I left a nasty message with ETS when I got home from school today telling them that I am taking them to Small Claims Court if I don't get a new check in two days.  I cannot believe that in this day and age of electronic transactions, that money can simply be lost and unaccounted for.  It's only $107 but I want my freaking money.  Craig retained attorney today.  And so the games begin, anew.