Today may have been Monday, but *damn* it was a fabulous day.  Pratt called me this morning, and I officially have an interview on March 1.  (PRATT!!!  WOOHOO!!!)  I ended up talking to the guy for about a half hour.  We talked about the school, and then about grad school.  He told me that he used to work in Career Services, and he was quite impressed with my resume and cover letter.  He mentioned that I had made it to the top of the pile in several screenings.  ::beams::  Props to me.    There are pluses and minuses about the job.  It's a nine month position with a twelve month apartment.  The pay is not so great, but it's only a part time position--16 hours a week, on average.  (Although a wise soul pointed out to me that I should make sure that I could work a job, and actually only work 16 hours a week there-a good point to keep in mind.)  Theoretically, I could work there, get a part time job with two or three shifts a week, and go to school.  Would it be easy?  No.  Is it feasible?  Absolutely.  And ultimately, it gets me where I want to go, and helps me get my foot in the door for grad school, which is truly my ultimate goal.    So, as I said, my interview is on March 1.  That means that I'll just be extending my vacation an extra day.  :-)  Because I'll need to be in Utica though, I decided to restructure my vacation a little.  I'm going to head down to Baltimore early on Saturday, and spend the day with Kristen.  That will be a lot of fun.  In talking on the phone tonight, we realized that we haven't physically seen each other in almost a year--since last Easter, when I went down to Virginia.  It's cool though.  I'll get to see her new apartment in Virginia, and (finally) give her the birthday and Christmas presents that have been sitting, wrapped, on my bookshelf for months now.    Sunday, I'll fly from Baltimore to New Orleans, to spend three and a half days at Mardi Gras.  There's one I will soon be able to cross off the list.  ;-)  I'm totally psyched about just having one hell of a fantastic time.  Thursday, I'll fly back to Baltimore, and then continue up to Utica.  I'll spend the weekend there, seeing some good friends, and go to my interview on Monday.  After that, I will turn around, and head back down to Jersey, to get back to work in the real world.   The good news?  I will have had one *hell* of a good vacation in the mean time.  :-D