Hi all, Well here we go again. I don't feel quite so fed up today, just REALLY tired. I had to get up during the night for a pee (oh the joys of being pregnant!) which consequently disturbed the puppy. She then decided that she needed to pee aswell and so I got up with her. There really isn't much on the television at 3am so it was pretty boring, but once I'm awake, I'M AWAKE!! So there we sat, watching drivel, hoping beyond all hope that boredom may just lull me back to the world of nod. The puppy fell asleep almost immediately in the most awkward place that she could find meaning that all hope of sleep was now lost to me because I am a really wriggly sleeper. I eventually managed to get her into a different position at about 5.30 this morning, and I have to get up at 6!! I suppose, as someone trying to be funny said, that this is maybe good practice for getting up for night feeds with the baby. WELL THEY ARE WRONG! I consider myself to have had more than enough practice of getting up with babies as I have already done it with 4 other children single-handedly, and feeding a baby is quite different from getting up with a puppy. When you get up to feed a baby it is quite relaxing and it helps you to get back to sleep afterwards (assuming that the baby goes to sleep afterwards). With a puppy you have to take it outside, wait around for it to do what it needs to do, then hope that it wants to go back to sleep and not play. I have tried to rest up a bit today to make up for the sleep deprevation, but there's so much that needs doing around here. Unfortunately I don't seem to have the enthusiasm or energy to do any of it. I just kind of sit there thinking to myself 'oh I must get those cobwebs down in a minute', then think, 'exactly, in a minute'. It never actually gets done. I always thought that when I finished work that as I would have more time that I would be able to keep on top of the housework, thats's a joke! I was reading a magazine this morning. There was an article about 'Ante-natal Depression'. I can't say that I've ever heard of this before. Apparantly it's quite common, I think maybe because we all such unrealistic ideas about how pregnancy is going to be. I assumed that my pregnancy would be like the last 4 only to be proved totally wrong. Oh well, it's nearly time to go get the kids from school, best go and at least wash up!!  Chickie