. Spring Update  .     We're still too close to the semester  to make sense of it.  It's seemed busy and relentless.   Hopefully in retrospect we'll see more clearly how the press of life and  work and family opened up our vision.  For now, it still feels like  we're in the blur...  January 6 -  The new semester  begins.  Lynn teaches Reading in the Content Area for the sixth time  and Principles of Secondary Instruction for the third time.  Andrew  teaches Research Methods in Communication for only the second time, two  sections of Mass Media and Society, and directs the Forensics and Debate  Team.  It's profound how the courses that we teach shape the way that  we think about time passing, our personal identities, our work, our play  and our ambitions.  Neither of us went into the semester very excited  about our teaching loads, the rhythm of academic life doesn't always  assist in the quest for learning.  January 17 - 19  During a forensics meet at DuPage College, the family meets up with and spends time together with the Livermores in Geneva, IL. Spending time together with close friends who share ideals, longings, and many common histories is one of the surest ways to re-enliven our home / life / partnership / enthusiasm.  January 29 - Andrew's student and friend, Amy Watkins dies suddenly and unexpectedly.  Amy was a funny, dark, talented writer / director who had just completed a successful semester in Los Angeles.  She was set to direct a (witty, wry, incisive) film in the Student Film Festival and her unexpected death impacted many of the students who I most immediately share life quite profoundly.  March 5 - Mom & Dad Rudd visit for my birthday and we enjoy a long (for them!) visit together.   March 10 -  Mom & Dad Leindecker come up for a dinner at Pizza Hut -- these visits are more regular and therefore MUCH enjoyed!  March 15 -  I abandon the family for national Christian College Forensics Tournament.  I get to spend a fun day with Gary and Annie, and then enjoy the fact that the entire tournament is punctuated by the presence of Cliff and (very pregnant!) Mary.  March 30 -  After a long battle with dementia and Altzheimer's, Lynn's Grandma Erman dies.    April 12  - The Student Film Festival finally arrives.  Attendance is huge, response is great.  Andrew says, "I love this group of filmmakers. Just working with them makes my job enjoyable."  May 3 - Lynn and Andrew enjoy seeing so many graduates who have meant so much to us in the Parking Lot after Commencement.  Later in the afternoon, they find out that Lynn's other grandmother has suddenly and unexpectedly died.  May 6 - Lynn and Andrew both begin teaching a one-month abbreviated Summer Session course.  We have small classes and (thus) good dialogue.  We're both really enjoying this teaching opportunity.  May 16  - The whole family enjoys a walk to ROS -- Lynn's favorite ice cream place -- a .5 mile walk from the house. We have a blast with Dawn; Marcia, Amy & David; & the Leons.  Memorial Day Weekend  - We travel to catch up with our dear friends the Gibbs and have inspiring conversations and chaotic-kid-filled exploits.  We travel to Ryan and Gigi's and visit the gardens (pictured above), listen to great tunes, visit the (cold damp) beach, and enjoy laughing and talking.