At the age of 23, I was barely making it financially.  Yes I owned a small place, but I earned a low salary that barely helped me get to the end of the month.  Once a month or every 2 months my mom bought me stuff at the groceries.  I was lucky because I used a uniform at work, which the hotel cleaned for me, and they provided one meal a day.  Food was not the best, but there was a slight selection.  I am getting off subject of what I wanted to write.  I lost weight, smoked, and dated a loser.  Finally I was lucky enough (I can say that now) to be dumped before Christmas 1993.  In February I ended up going to Cancun, instead of Rio de Janeiro, and I met Steve.  I did not want to meet any guy, after my recent break-up, but things happen for a reason.  I thought I would never see him again, so I had fun for intense 3 days.  As it turns out we continued talking on the phone, and I received weekly letters.  If e-mail would have been accessible, we would have communicated even more.   After six months, impulsive Clau, decided to sell some things and come to the US.  I thought what if he is the one?  And also I had many things that helped me make up my mind easily.  My mom was getting on my nerves calling me 10 times a day asking me for advice she never followed.  My brother's life style was messed up.  He is gay and was involved in promiscuous, abusive relationships.  I did have lots of friends that were excited about my romance, so they were pushing me to do it.  At one point I remember saying: If everything works out, I quit smoking! I was so excited.  There were 2 reasons to consider staying in Argentina: my grandparents and my recent closeness to my dad. My grandparents had been the support since pretty much I was born, and gave me ethic, moral and love guidance.  My mom never expressed affection to me, but specially my grandpa showed me love every second.  I lived 2 blocks from their place as a kid, and I would rather be with them than with my school friends.  My grandpa has always been my hero.  He arrived to Argentina with nothing, and worked nonstop until he no longer couldn't.  He had these amazing stories that I could hear for hours.  I played cards with my grandparents and had a blast.  If they were one of the reasons to stay, it all changed in the month of July 1994.   On July 1, I went to see my grandparents and had along conversation with my grandpa, in which he apologized for not being able to give me money to bring to the US and help me.  My mom had spent all the money he had sweat for.  I told him I was a woman, and I could provide for myself.  I told him not to worry about me, because I was a fighter and I was independent.  He looked relieved and happy.  That night I went out, it was hot, and I mixed alcoholic beverages.  I was very sick.  The next morning the phone rang to announce that my grandpa had died of a heart attack, ironically when he was showing a picture on the wall of the house were he had been born in Germany.  My mother or brother were gone, so I was the one in charge.  That was not uncommon, since I've always been the mature of the three of us.  My life stopped, it was as if a dagger cut open my heart.  A few days later, after the funeral and all, I talked to my mom.  She was feeling guilty for having spent all his money, and thought that it caused his death.  I felt peace for having had that conversation with him the day prior to his death, but my hero had died.  My grandma got sick, and died on July 31st, just three weeks later.  They've been together 51 years, so it's not surprising.  After my grandparents were gone, my reasons to stay grew even smaller.  I thought that by trying to make it in another country, I would be repeating my grandpa's story.    The one force remaining for me to stay was my recent connection with my dad.  After many trials and failures to have a relationship with him, I called him and we met for coffee.  I don't remember exactly if I called or he did.  I was amazed by what he told me.  As a young girl, I was convinced that he didn't want me in his life and he didn't love me.  My mom always guilt tripped me, and I believed everything she said.  I was not a girl anymore, and my strong instinct told me that he was sincere.  I started a close connection, only to discover how similar we are even though I grew up without him.  The bad qualities and the good ones, jealousy, gredge, stubborness, humor, strength, happiness, tenderness, dorkiness, you name it.  After a long time I understood why I was so different from mom and Rodrigo.  Many years earlier I wrote him a poem wishing for him to love me, and there it was...  He cared!  Still, I decided to come to the US.  I figured if he loved me, he'll continue to do so.  After 10 years he's the main reason for me wanting to go back.  But that comes in the next chapter.  Stay tunned