I return to England after a week in Germany in which I barely spoke a word of German and discovered that the German people really are as ugly as everyone makes them out to be. I saw not ONE fit person for the E N T I R E week: Gutted.   But other than that, my 4 days in sunny-but-cold Trier were much better than I expected. Katie Herbert really isn't all that bad; the year 11s were all pretty cool and the teachers were really really safe with us. The week began with an average day of school, bar my teachers asking me why I was in school when I was supposed to be in Germany. Selina arrived at my house at around 10pm that night and we proceeded to watch The Little Mermaid and Moulin Rouge until it was time to go. As usual, we were the last ones to arrive, and then the journey began....  At Toddington the coach driver got off to be replaced by his son Jamie- but more on him later... by 7am we were at Dover and by 5pm (German time) we were in our rooms unpacking. After a meal that consisted of what seemed to be a wedge of SPAM and some mashed potato, we (German A Level group and teachers Charmaine, Mr. Birchall and Mrs. Dalgleish) went to the lobby/cafe type place and played poker with building blocks, under the supervision of Katie Herbert, the only one of us who knew how to play.  Wednesday we met the German class. There is one word to describe them: odd. Amongst my group were Benjamin, who stroked his "beard" every time he was thinking and had fuzzy hair, and Florian (yes you read that right), who was on medication for his hyperactivity disorder. Eek. Other Germans who will live on in our memories include:  Benedict, who was in love with Varsha and (according to her) had clammy hands, Joaquin, who thought he could rap, Red T-shirt guy, who everyone fancied but whose name Selina and I can't remember, and Jan, the weirdest boy I have ever met. He hung around with us for hours after the rest of his class had left, tried to make us go to his Harry Potter party and was in love with Davinder. I made everyone check under their seats when we got on the coach to make sure that he hadn't followed us on.  Wednesday morning was also whe Amy decided to collapse in the middle of the breakfast room. She was taken to hospital and kept overnight, and sent home Thursday morning with nothing wrong with her. By Friday, according to Mrs. Dalgleish, the chinese whispers around school included: "Amy's in a coma" "Amy has epilepsy" "Amy has Toxic Shock Syndrome"  LOL.  The rest of Wednesday and Thursday came and went in a blur of interviewing teachers for coursework, avoiding Jan and most importantly, WHOLE AFTERNOONS OF SHOPPING! Woohoo. Trier is such a pretty town with the coolest shops, including a MASSIVE H&M which we promptly raided. I purchased a "very me" wide necked pink and black stripy top for 13 Euros.  On Friday we went to see a film, in German with no subtitles... *sob* It was about a little boy whose father came home from a prisoner of war camp in the summer of the 1954 world cup, which Germany won, apparantly. It was fairly good but the boy just would. not. stop. wearing Lederhosen and I exited the cinema thoroughly disturbed.  Saturday was our "day off". Not that we'd done anything but have days off all week, mind, but Mrs. D doesn't need to know that... we spent all our remaining euros on Diddle merchandise, drinks and cake and then headed to a hotel for a farewell party with the Germans, which consisted of a selection of traditional German food for us to try and some English food for the Germans to try. After that we headed back to the hostel for our final evening in the bar, which was virtually ruined by apperance of Mrs. Ds ex-husband, who was there to see their daughter. He put a dampener on our whole game of poker by complaining about it all the time and eventually we all headed our separate ways, leaving the three of them alone.   Our evenings were spent in the "Cafeteria" downstairs in the hostel. Mrs. D, MC Mattie B/Sea Scout/Mr. Birchall, Charmaine, Jamie, Katie, Becky, Selina and I whiled our evenings away with poker that we bet on with matches, which proved to be the highlight of each day. The atmosphere was so relaxed, it was really cool and we all enjoyed ourselves- Mr. Birchall would deal, Katie would be telling Becky and Mrs. D whether to fold or to bet, Selina would be yak-yakking away to, well, whoever would listen and Jamie and I would laugh at it all while he tried to steal everyone's matches. Jamie was waaaayyy the coolest person on the holiday- for a start, he was from Barnsley, so obviously he commanded immediate respect from me (who incidentally was the only person who DIDN'T take the piss out of his accent). He was sooo sweet and cool and nice and chatty and just great. No I didn't fancy him. Well, maybe a little. I wish he was here cos I loved talking to him so much and I feel sad that I probably won't ever see him again. :o(  On Sunday we boarded the coach at the RIDICULOUS hour of 8am (bear in mind before this we had been up packing final things, clearing our rooms out, having breakfast AND making our packed lunches) and by 8.30pm we were back at school. We said our farewells, headed home, and (surprise surprise) Selina didn't come into school today. Hmph.   So now everything's back to normal. I was ready to come home yesterday morning, but after a day back in wet Walsall I wish I was still in Germany, where I can play poker, talk to Jamie, call Mr. Birchall names and gossip about teachers.   Ceff x   There's a light on in Chicago, and I know I should be home...