dude, two concerts two consecutive nights.  last night was rutgers wind ensemble -- that's like the top band here.  eric and me went, as usual, and enjoyed it a bunch.  conversation on the way back from the concert eric: (commenting on people on campus w/ cars, etc., etc. etc... next semester our analysis class gets done 20 minutes before when his band rehearsal will be every week so i'm his "chauffer" then) me: so basically you're saying all it takes to be your best friend is to be able to drive you places? eric: (laughs) more or less, yeah me: what kind of best friend does that make  you ? eric: a shallow one me: oh, well you should work on that... be deeper! eric: (laughs really hard) that's the most hysterical thing you've said all day... be deeper!  maaan!  dude, enough of that...  so then tonight was symphony band concert.  eric's 1st assisting horn in that, and this was their one and only concert of the semester so instead of eric being my concert buddy since he was on stage... i met up with leigh, colleen, sam, john, and scott.  math party indeed.  it was awesome.  they played an really cool arrangement of "it is well with my soul" which i hadn't heard since the weekend i was in valpo for nicole's memorial service in september.  so that made me tear up, but in a good way.  they also played a really cool symphony called "la fiesta mexicana" that eric's been talking about all semester... often this semester he practiced on thursdays between algebra and "no math night" and instead of go home and back, i'd often bring a book and sit around and listen, so it was really cool to put together eric's horn parts with the whole orchestra and hear what i recognized in a totally different way!  super cool!  scott scared me during intermission -- he and i were at opposite ends of the row and he snuck up behind me, out of nowhere whispered "PIZZA!" in my ear and ran off -- i jumped, and when he got back to his seat, i gave him the pinky =P  back to the music -- on the 2nd movement of "la fiesta mexicana", eric had a really low note to hit all the sudden after sitting for a bit, which is hard to do, and he hit it perfectly, so after the concert tonight, the conversation was as follows: me: dude, good job! eric: i even hit the low A!  i screwed other things up, but i hit that A!  go me! me: for that you can be hero of the day, and starbucks is on me. eric: dude, i owe  you  money me: but how often is it that you get to be hero of the day?  and even more rarely how often do i offer to buy starbucks?  enjoy your status, and like all heroes of the day, take the starbucks.,.. well then again when potato cheese soup is hero of the day, it doesn't seem to mix well with starbucks, but that's another story eric: awesome, i'm a starbucks worthy hero of the day!  dude  ok, so in summary, the music was great, i love my math people, and i need some sleep -- tomorrow's my last day of classes of the semester -- i can't believe i've survived! yay. =)  good night!