Finally a little time to blog.  My neck hurts like hell for no reason.  I guess it is how I slept on it last night or something.  I look forward to going to sleep just so I can wake up pain free.  My Saturday night started well and slowly went downhill.  An apology to Fenton, Caleb and Sarah, who I told I would find but never did.  I had dinner with Gyeh-son and we had to talk about "issues" and afterwards I just went home.  I thought I would come back downtown later but never made it.  Stuff is all cool now but my night was a dud.  On a scale of one to ten, I'd give it a suck.  Anyway enough about that crap.   Friday night was a different story and a good one at that.  I finally got to eat with Fenton and Sarah after waiting almost an hour.  But it's cool.  We ate at Myondong-Kal gook soo.  So good.  We then went to Miller Time and had some dark beer. I really kind of like MT.  It is just a big room with a lot of beer but I'm down with that.  Caleb joined up with us and we all went to Bellagio.  Here we played the finger game and I was made fun of b/c I can't drink beer quickly.  Really I don't know what is wrong with me but I'm totally unable to down a beer.  I know I should be able to but I just can't get the hang of it.  I we left B and I had to walk Gyehs-son to a cab and then we dipped into the TC for a beer.   Here I chatted up with the guy from Maebh's b-day who got really fucking trashed.  Tim also showed up and hung out.  The drunk guy's name is William.  He has a really annoying laugh, sounds like a girl.  So this is where my night go interesting.  We decided to roll to BB.  So at this point it was me, Tim, William, Caleb might have been there, not sure, he showed up at some point anyway.  So Oh-ni, a girl I used to date showed up.  Things seemed to be cool with us until a couple weeks back she snubbed me at GR.  But no biggie, I was with someone else anyway.  So this week we played the game of "you're on that side and I'm on this side" of the bar.  I got sick of the game and planned a strategic retreat.  We decided to go grab some grubb.  But on the way out we ran into Fenton, Caleb and Sarah.  Oh yeah so Caleb wasn't there at first.  So Sarah want to dance and I was like "ok let's dance."  So instead of her winning I came back with a girl and had a blast dancing.  Not soon after, she left.  Oh I have to say it felt a little good.  I finally made it home around 6 or so.   I think I'll go downtown tomorrow to the travel agent and see what deals are cooking.  This isn't the best of blog b/c I've been talking on MSN but it is better than none at all.  I'm out.