There's a saying in Christian circles in regards to praying for patience, which says that if you pray for patience, you'd best be prepared for it to be tested. I think that the same theory relates to strength.  As difficult as things are right now, I think that God has been using the last few years to prepare me for this time. I've often thought, as I'm sure so many do, that I was being given more to deal with than was fair. However, I've spent some time looking back over the toughest experiences in my history - finishing school while my father was ill, eventually losing him, deciding to follow my dream to fly, to have that hope dashed as well, to come home and deal with romantic heartbreak (a few times), and finally picking up and moving here, and the initial hardship associated with that - and I've realized I was being shaped into a person who could deal with anything that might happen to me.   While I was going through all of my trials, I thought I was so unlucky! Everything was just so damn  hard . I kept wondering when God would just give me a break, already! The longer I've been here, evaluating everything, I've had a change of attitude and now see how amazingly fortunate I was.   My father was ill, but I got a long time to say goodbye and got the ultimate blessing to be able to really believe that his death, when it finally came, was a welcome release. I finished school, which if he had died more suddenly, I honestly don't think would have happened. I know I would have needed to quit altogther to stay with my mother.   I didn't get to have flying from exotic locale to exotic locate be my job, but I got to train through one of the most rigorous professional development programs in the country. And they paid for my ability to say, "When I was Amsterdam..."  Romantic heartbreak...I'm still working on the recognizing the benefits of this one for me, but right now, I can say that there were times that he was the one I needed, and he was there. I learned a lot about the traits I need to see in the man I will choose, as well as what I won't put up with. I've also made necessary changes in myself, finding that balance of keeping my own identity while contributing to his needs. In that process, I've become someone that will, eventually, make a amazing wife to the right person.   New York. If I can make it here, I can make it anywhere, right? After months of thinking that the City was just going to chew me up and spit me out again, we've finally become friends. She has welcomed me on her sidewalks and held me close between towering buildings. Pretty soon, I'll start helping her grow by contributing to the young minds that reside here. And I know that in her way, she'll make sure I'm rewarded for that.   When the time comes, I know that God will give me what I need to work through whatever happens. He's been training me pretty exensively up to this point, even though I didn't realize it as it was taking place.