I finished my book finally! It was AWESOME!Trapped...(previously published as 24 Hours) by Greg ILEC... It was sooooo good!.. I have been overly emotional last couple of days so I almost started crying around the end....I didn't want Huey to die.....lol.... Well I worked today... It was soo freakin boring.... but.... then I think my depression kicked in becasue I started thinking about something that have happened recently...that I don't want to share.. and I almost started crying...  then that has made me in a gloomy/ depressed mood all day....  and to top it off I feel sooo alone.....  like when a little girl wakes up screaming in the middle of the night and afriad the monster is going to get her so she curls up in a dark corner to hide..... But wants to scream out for someone to help but cant...because he might find her....  that type of screaming....  but anyways.... more about my books..  I really like the last paragraph... this is what it reads.. "Together they formed a circle that he vowed would never be broken.  He has made such vows before, usually after seeing some tragic death in the hospital, but eventually the grind of daily existence dullef his awareness of the central truth of life.  Chaos was working beneath everything, and death always waited in the wings, watchful as a crow.  This time he would not forget how precious was the time he shared with the women who loved him.  this time he would keep that knowledge close in his heart.   This time....  "  It is about this guy who's a doctor who leaves his daughter and wife at home and goes on a trip and while he is gone on this business trip  this guys kidnaps his little girl for ransom. If he didn't get the money the little girl would die..... IT was so good... and was really suspensionful... I got into it sooooo quick and and I hate to read! lol.. Well anyways.. I am feeling a little bit better now. but I have nothing else to really say..so later! Loves Sheila PS~...oooo yeah... HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYONE!!!