I'll appologize in advance for spending two whole days talking about Jesus. But something really important related to Jesus people struck me today, and I really think I need to share. Well, not really important, but important enough for my blog.  So Jesus people have always creeped me out some. I think its why I really don't like Christianity so much, especially compared to other religions. I think Jewish people are great. In fact, I've decided that dating Jewish guys will be my new schitck. The creepy Christian phenomenon also probably has something to do with why I find Jesus so funny. I had some difficulty putting my finger on exactly what is so creepy about them, though (it wasn't JUST that they wear jewlery depicting a man nailed to a Roman torture device, though that  is  pretty creepy when you think about it).  I finally figured it out today. Jesus people have really, really bad social skills. I mean they are nice and all, usually a little TOO nice but  they really don't get the normal social cues that most people pick up on.  I have a roommate that is a good example of this. I think she's alright, despite her Jesusness, though there are some annoying things about her. Some of my friends though really don't like her. She's completely, 100% clueless to this. Despite the fact that they give her obvioius "I don't like you" cues (like never inviting her to do things, never engaging her in conversation, and EVEN telling her they don't like her) she just simply doesn't get it. She also talks REALLY loudly at inappropriate times, like on the bus, and doesn't catch on that people are giving her the "OMIGOD will you shut up" look. And I think she's just a mild case of the Jesus-Social-Akwardness problem.  She has this friend that I think is totally creepy. I won't name names, just in case the guy ever stumbles onto my blog, but he's a real creep-out sort of guy. I mean is really, really, really nice. Nice to the point that something's gotta be wrong with him. If you've ever seen  urlLink  Cannibal the Musical  this guy is totally Isreal Swan. Okay, so being really nice I can kind of deal with, though it does sort of creep me out. The other problem, though, is this guy just does not pick up on subtle social cues. Like he'll be talking to me and I'm watching TV, and I really don't like him much but I do really like  Seinfeld  or whatever it is I am watching. So I don't make eye contact, I give the shortest answers possible, don't engage in the conversation. Still he keeps right on talking to me. He's been coming over more and more lately, often uninvited. Now, he'll come over at like 11:30 or 12:00. I'll have my door shut, lights off, in bed reading or something and he's knocking on my damn door. "I've got ICECREAM!!" Seriously. That actually happened. Who comes over to someone's house and knocks on their roommate's door late at night when the roommate may be sleeping? Does he not understand that door closed = please don't bother me unless its important? Even today, I think my roommate is getting annoyed. He came over to make dinner with her, and really I could sense she was annoyed with him. Normal people pick up on these sort of things. He was totally clueless. I found it really amusing to watch.  I'm not sure why Jesus people tend to be like this. Maybe because of their lack of social skills they're unable to make friends, except in the church where everyone is everyone's friend, and everyone's friends with Jesus. I don't know. But there's definitely something with them. That's why I don't get mixed up with those Jesus types.  urlLink  postCount('108147326378538144');