Hey... Right now I'm listening to music and trying to forget the unforgettable headache that I have now. I wish that I have some Aspirin to calm the headache but it's no biggie. I can't help but to think about everything that has gone wrong, there is so much that I can't handle it. It's hard for us right now but it some of it should have been prevented by people thinking things through. For example, my parents bought a new computer to replace the one that should have lasted until we could afford a new one. But my parents couldn't resist the high-speed machine that sent us soaring into debt. Like we weren’t before, but now my parents are high-strung and really tired of everything. Mom also got cable T.V. for the house and that’s a lot of extra money that we don't have. She says that the only thing that she does after work is watch T.V. so she deserves to have at least a few good channels. I agree that I like to have a few more channels to watch every now and then, but I also love to have food to eat and a carefree attitude sometimes. I like to be able to have the money to save up, not have to spend it on my own food and clothes that my parents can't afford to buy for me. I like the responsibility, though. But having to hold myself up some of the time has made me not want to take my parents money at all so I can live on my own all of the time. It's an awesome feeling to be able to keep yourself fed and clothed without anyone else's help. It's going to suck next month, though, because my birthday is coming up and my parents are going to give me fifty dollars as a gift. But I don't want the money; I mean I need it for clothes and other things that my supply of is quickly deteriorating. Some of the clothes that I am wearing I have been wearing for the past two years, and I still wear some of the clothes that my parents bought for me years ago. But a good portion of my clothing has been handed down to me or has been giving to me from one of my old friends. I'm grateful for what I have, though. After having to survive off of other peoples' clothes, I get irritated easily when people say that all of their clothes are old and they need more because they have worn the same outfit twice within the last month. It bugs the crap out of me when people say they need more shoes when they have enough to last me about ten years. Seriously though, I know a lot of people that wear a new pair of shoes to school every single day, so I must seem like a dirt bag to them since I only had one pair of (fifteen dollar) shoes to last me the whole year. But then again, I'm glad that those people don't have to worry about debt like I do. It's weird, a lot of people tell me that I shouldn't worry about money because I'm only fifteen and I will want to live off of someone else as long as I can before having to face the real world. I love to have others carry my weight, sure, but I can't just live off of people my whole life. What fun would that be, knowing that someone else has to worry about everything for you? What would be the point? Eventually they will want you to get off their backs so they could live a debt-free life and you would be dumped into harsh reality with no experience on how to run your life because you're not used to it. Anyways I got to go because someone is talking to me on the phone so Bye!