deep in the heart , part one  by Scott   a woman on the airplane to texas asked me if i had lost my baseball cap. i said i don't wear one and she politely replied, "you look like you do."   i didn’t know, and still don't know, if the all the peculiarities this weekend in austin were strictly texan, or if they were just appropriate for the atmosphere of a festival. i could have, in some sense, ate only barbeque ribs and zoned out for 4 days at say, the Sundance festival. nevertheless I was in awe constantly.   I've heard a man play a bassline across an old Ford gas tank. I've heard three 'i know ryan adams here's how ok back in raleigh' stories by the second night. i've watched as a guitar player stepped onto a 24 inch bass drum near the end of a song, only to realize he still must count out rhythm and move his fingers appropriately and at that instant slip, have his hands doubleback to catch him, leaving his guitar neck free to swing up and knock him unconscious. whack boom, him hitting the floor, although for a moment, like four seconds, the drummer kept playing, alone, finishing the measure over the stunned silence and awe, awe like an ape from between the bars of his cage grabbing your jacket sleeve at the zoo and not letting go, instead screaming at you for four seconds. i was winded. what was unsatisfying for emotional folks like me was that then the girl playing bass started crying. To others this was the shit. Oh the heckles!   it was good to be drunk, though. My ears started to ring due to the humidity and decibel levels; this too began to delight me after an extended period of time.   i've had an ATM on fourth avenue ask me for $3.75 to give me its twenties. when i yelped in disbelief, an old sage wearing a carmelo anthony jersey stopped trotting by to remark, "people who give spare change to homeless people shouldn't have to be charged a fee for their twenties." i agreed, bought him a slice of pizza, and asked him, since I was going, to accompany me to the texas capitol building.