So I got engaged this past Christmas Eve to my girlfriend of five years.  I graduated with my BA in Education on 12/12 when I finished my student teaching, and the promise that I always made to my girlfriend was that I would propose to her after we were both done with college.  Anyways, my fiance said yes (obviously), and one of the most suprising things about our engagement and the planning of our future together came to me out of the blue:  I actually forced myself to say goodbye to the majority of my childhood.  You see, in college (and for most of my teenage years), I built up  quite  a collection of action figures and videogames from various systems.  Since I went to college from 1998-2003, I was fortunate enough to be able to spend all of my money on some of the coolest toys and game systems around.  On the toy front, I had a formidable Todd McFarlane Spawn action figure collection that got up to around 50-60 figures.  I collected those, along with many other McFarlane brands for about 3 or 4 years, ending with the Tortured Souls series I in 2001.  I proudly displayed these toys for years on my shelves throughout my room, claiming that the child within me would never grow up and that I would never willingly seperate myself from them.  And then I got engaged.  One of the great perks of marrying my best friend is the fact that we finally get to shop for a house this coming fall.  We've never lived together (because we try to play by the rules/please our parents), so this is an exciting time for us.  As I've been looking for a job as a substitute teacher, I've had a lot of time to sort through a lot of my belongings and ultimately I felt that I didn't really need most of these things anymore.  So I listed about 90% of my toy collections on ebay, along with many of my old Playstation and Playstation 2 games that I don't play anymore, thus freeing up a myriad of space that I wouldn't have had in my first house anyways.  In a way, I was sad to let these things go because I felt like I was letting go of my youth.  I sold my entire WWF Jakks Wrestling figure collection for like $90.  Wrestling was such an important source of entertainment for me in my youth, and I didn't want to sell these at first.  When I realized that I hate where the WWE has gone these days, it was easier for me to list it on ebay.  I'm realizing now that marriage isn't about finding someone to put up with all of my stuff and finding a place to display it.  I'm looking forward to creating a home of our own with our own stuff: a place for us to exist.    But that doesn't mean that I'm giving up my Wacky Wobbler or Marvel Legends collections.  A guy can only get rid of so much when it comes to saying goodbye to his youth.    And the same goes for my Playstation 2, Gamecube, Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, Super Nintendo, Nintendo (THE TOP LOADER!), Playstation, and my Gameboy, as well as all of my games too.  Come to think of it... maybe I'm not saying goodbye, but upgrading in my tastes.