Today more than one bird flew into the screen that I have in my bedroom window. My room is not that interesting, nor does it look appealing to birds (no worms or bird porn). Now I realize I've blogged a lot, so that means I'm bored and need a real job, just like my mom keeps telling me.   If there is anyone out there who knows about birds, maybe they can tell me why birds seem to flock to the roof of my front porch. It's very strange. I live in the middle house of five row houses. But the birds hang out on the edge of the roof of my roof only. All the roofs are red. They all look the same. In fact, they are all beveled the same, so what makes my roof different?  I know my house is a party house. It's had a history of good parties, not least of which was our halloween party last year. So maybe there's a good bird vibe on the porch roof. The thing that kinda creeps me out is the fact that birds come from all over the neighborhood to do it on our roof. I'm serious! I just noticed something different about our roof. Since we're in the middle, we have a little wooden knob sticking up in the center. And I just remembered seeing birds hanging out there a lot. Maybe that piece of wood is like the bird throne. And whoever sits on it gets all the chicks...literally.   Now I'm no ornithilogical Dr. Ruth, but maybe there's something to that place on our roof. I don't watch the birds having sex, but on more than one occasion, I've been awakened to loud bird noises close to my head and I slowly open my eyes to witness hot heavy freaky bird lovin' right on my roof.   That's not as bad as the night my bed was right by the window and my head was right by the window. I heard a noise and turned over and I was looking a racoon square in the face. We both screamed and he took off.   I see birds come over and chirp and then other birds join it and the sex is on!  I wish there was a human equivilent to saying "Hey, I'm on the bird throne, come over here so I can do you." Life would be a lot simpler.