urlLink  Not Your Father's Shop Class     This article is about how in high schools around the D.C. area are turning "vo-tech" into "high-tech." Some schools, such as the Chantilly Academy in Fairfax County, are offering a myriad of IT (Information Technology) courses to help students become more computer savvy. These are not just  Internet 101  classes, but opportunities to obtain some advanced certificates in IT. Students can receive certification in such advanced training courses as Microsoft Network Administration, Microsoft Networking Essentials and NT Server Four.  What does this all mean? It means that some high school graduates can immediately enter the workforce, in highpaying IT jobs, and make a bright future for themselves. The article says that IT employment is supposed to increase by 2008, stating "Among the occupations expected to expand the fastest by 2008 are database administrator (77.2 percent), systems analyst (93.6 percent), computer support specialist (102.3 percent), computer engineer (107.9 percent) and a category described as "other" computer science (117.5 percent)." These are all jobs that these high school graduates will be qualified for. Many students, on the other hand, choose to go on to college and further their education, and these certificates can help on that route as well. John Wittmann, administrator of Chantilly Academy, states "These Certifications and career academies are not substitutes for college, but the good thing is that they can help students get jobs to pay for college."  I think this is a great idea. The article states, "Recognizing a growing market, computer hardware and software manufacturers are working to put their teaching materials in U.S. high schools. Among companies with high school level instruction at Chantilly and other area schools are Cisco, Microsoft, RBT Systems and Oracle. The companies sell IT curricula, certification tests for students and instructors, upgrades and equipment, which is often available to schools at a reduced price. The school systems, in turn, provide certified teachers, teaching facilities and instructional support." I think it is necessary for companies like Cisco Systems to come into a school and say, "Hey, we're going to need some Database Managers, so this is what you should do." I think companies should have more of a part in our children's education because in the long run, that's who we're preparing them for. When we visited schools in the Netherlands, they said that this was a regular practice in their schools. They have a college track and a workforce track high school system. Big companies, Panasonic for example, come in and tell them to incorporate "this or that" into the curriculum because that is the quality they need in their employees. I feel that we need to be more acceptable to this. I feel that our educational system has to recognize that not everybody  wants  to go to college. We need to start introducing more things that the students  want  to do. It is  their  future that we are preparing them for, not  ours .