I heard this song on a television show over a month ago, and I've been looking for the lyrics on and off ever since.  I finally found them, and I absolutely love them, so I'm sharing them with all of you.  Parallel Lives By Judie Tzuke   Have you ever had one of those days   When nothing goes the way you planned it?  Fate takes you down a different road  When you look in the mirror   It's another face that looks out at you  You forget everything you've been told   I frighten myself when I see what's inside of me  The parallel lives leave me mystified  Did I ask the right questions?   Did I get the right the right answers?  Am I living the right life inside?   Like living out part of a dream   When you never really know for certain  What is real and what is not  And no matter how much you believe   That the day you went is the day you started  You can never be sure of what you've got   I frighten myself when I see what's inside of me  The parallel lives leave me mystified  Did I ask the right questions?   Did I get the right answers?  Am I living the right life inside?   I'll dance to the rhythm of confusion  I'll dance to set my mind at ease  I'll dance till my feet can't take the weight of me  I'll dance till I get some relief   I frighten myself when I see what's inside of me  The parallel lives leave me mystified  Did I ask the right questions?   Did I get the right answers?  Am I living the right life inside?   Did I ask the right questions?  Did I get the right answers?  Am I living the right life inside?   I'll dance to the rhythm of confusion  I'll dance to set my mind at ease  I'll dance till my feet can't take the weight of me  I'll dance till I get some relief   I frighten myself,  Nothing goes the way you planned it  I frighten myself,  With the parallel lives.  In some other, more humorous, news, I put in my resume at a couple of banks today.  I figure that if I can get a part time teller job, it will be a nice M-F, 9-5 summer job.  Tonight on the 11:00 news, I saw that one of the banks I turned in my resume to was robbed a few hours later.  In the course of the story, they mentioned that it was also robbed last September.  While both thieves were apprehended, I think I'll be crossing that particular bank off of my list of potential employers.