Things were quiet as I approached the Fort.  I could smell that oily fire smell that let me know that Spider had built the fire.  I ask him once why he always used a plastic oil bottle to start a fire and he just shrugged his shoulders.  You got that a lot from the Spider, a shrug that told you he not only had never questioned why he did things the way he did but also sort of ask if there was another way he should try to do it.  I showed him how to build a fire with paper, dried grass, and sticks last week so I didn’t feel like another lesson was necessary.  I just decided I’d warn everybody not to cook anything for a couple of hours.  Ronny almost always brought something to cook; he seemed to need to eat every couple of hours.  Spider and I were the only ones at the Fort.  I ask him if he knew where anyone was and he said PK and Ronny were seeing a man about a dog.  In our world that had always meant you were taking a pee ever since we had heard Ollie over at the Phillips 66 say that whenever he headed to the john. Since I couldn’t see them anywhere I said what dog.  Spider told me that they were really seeing about some dog.  I decided to wait until they showed up rather than decipher Spider’s thoughts.  I climb up above the Fort and laid on the long branch that ran out towards the creek.  I love this tree I thought, I can easily see anyone approaching. And if they aren’t friendly I can climb up and out of sight before anyone can spot me.   	I was dozing when the unmistakable sound of Ronny’s excited “OmanOmanOman” snapped me awake.  PK and Ronny were on their way up to the Fort.  I saw Spider was still poking at his fire so I jumped down to greet them.  PK was happy to see me and immediately said we got a big one to plan out.  I was thinking not another water balloon raid when PK said “We have to plan a jail break.”  Now this was the kind of big job that watching all those crime stories had prepared me for.  So I immediately started asking questions.  Who, where, when my mind was swimming.  PK said to sit down and he’d lay out all the details.  This was a big one all right.  I was to bust a total of 15 prisoners out of their temporary confinement.  This sounded to big until I realized he wasn’t talking people and jail but instead dogs and the pound.  I set about planning and declared that tomorrow morning 7:00 sharp we would meet here.