In Defense of Porn and Fantasy by Scott  i'd like to thank "kate" for giving the porn article to pete. pete previously told me this blog was going to be free of all things pornographic, so i'm glad an intelligent lady was able to force him into the realm of the living and out of the dungeons of video games, hit points, vampires, and other high-fantasy riffraff.    now onto the subject of another fantasy, one less laden with heal potions and full moons. i'm speaking of the soft-core publishing world. the mags Maxim and Stuff now have an unprecented popularity (i say unprecented, because, well man, there's no nudity, only coy posturing, lots of oil and  airbrushing, and PLENTY of marketing). i believe these mags have done more to damage male libido than porn.   wolf is right when she ascertains that for men today "naked just isn't enough" and the accessibility of porn makes women question their own sexual value. if i was a woman, it would suck. but wolf is dead wrong on several points, probably due to the fact that she didn't get enough smart guys to talk to her about the notion of fantasy. she had a dipshit college boy from Northwestern with a quote at the end, but i (and when i say i, i mean my gender) am disappointed to be represented by this lug, who probably just said what he did in hopes of getting laid. it just reinforced her point, which is why i guess she put it in.     Ms. Wolf claims: "For most of human history, erotic images have been reflections of, or celebrations of, or substitutes for, real naked women. For the first time in human history, the images’ power and allure have supplanted that of real naked women. Today, real naked women are just bad porn."   back up. 'substitutes for?' how naive is this woman? think about it; men do not look at porn because they imagine real women being depicted, they look at it for the same reason pete plays Halo: fantasy is exciting, new, fresh, and a hard-wired need for variety. within the constructs of this awfully dishonest culture we live in, monogamy is the accepted norm, but biologically, it's anything but natural. men look at porn for an escape from the real-world mutally-respecting relationship. women want monogamy and men should respect that within a relationship, however to view porn as a sort of sexual competition is a female-centered viewpoint, and does not take into consideration the atavistic needs of the man.   i don't mean to piss off the ladies, but the biggest problem with porn today is that it is kept hidden and down as "base" and "shameful" when in fact 99 percent of the men i know have looked at it, probably more times a week than i want to say. none of these men try to search for partners that look like the glossy pages, or deny a good woman because she's not up to snuff with the content of their nudie mags. that's preposterous. guys who would do that are just assholes who probably jerk off way too much for their own good. just because some twenty-something ladies get boob jobs and brazilian waxes, i don't think they're trying to compete with porn (although there is something going on in these women's heads i can't explain). porn is something else, it's not vying for your man's affections.   so when wolf says the images have "supplanted" real naked women, i say no no ms. writer. what's going on is the fantasy is now being supplanted by the marketing. they're trying to sell me too much with it.   back to maxim. if the male libido is in decline i believe it's because of these horrible soft-core mags. it's presented as a style-couture mag, one ostensibly with the idea that you buy the junk and the fashions advertised, you'll be able to date a woman like this famous one here we're teasing you with. it's marketing. and it's fucking annoying. it's messing with the fantasy of it all. the fantasy being, this isn't reality. this isn't a woman i'd walk down the street with and listen to her talk about why tears for fears is so awesome, or why mies van der rohe buildings are so ugly. this woman in maxim is there to sate the fantastical male idea of line and form. it's not real, i'm not harboring notions of going out and trying to fuck it.   "it" isn't even a woman when it comes down to it, because she's been done up and photoshopped and pulled and prodded and greased into this fantasy. and as a fantasy, the men can act out this need for long-legged, fake-breasted variety without their real partners having to go out and reshape their "sexual value," as ms. wolf puts it. it's not about sexually competing for a man, or for his fantasy. men are always going to fantasize. porn and soft-core and the internet have made women more aware of male fantasies, but that doesn't mean that they should try to be something they're not.   men should respect women and their lives well and value monogamy. but let's face it, nature v. nurture has got other plans. as a man i understand ms. wolf's worries about today's women not "measuring up" to porn. but fucking A, ms. wolf, give us guys more credit. just because we think about this smut, and see a lot of it, sometimes on a daily basis, doesn't mean we think there's no mystery to sex. if men didn't have access to the fantasy, they might try to act it out on their partner, and some women might find us disgusting, wrong, correctly disrespectful. it's all about keeping both sides mutually respected if you ask me. just don't try to make me buy a fucking car stereo with the fantasy please.