Stop the insanity.  I think I'm going to kill myself.  This has been the single craziest week of my life.  I've been out and downtown drinking and partying for the last 4 nights.  Tonight being Saturday night I don't think the streak is going to end yet.  On Thursday I met Fountain, Asma, Gabe and Caleb for dinner at Bennigan's.  The John Bacon Burger is possibly the single greatest food in the world.  There are just times when you need a burger and fries.  Thursday was that time and boy did it ever hit the spot.  We couldn't exactly figure out what to do next but finally we decided on hitting the "train" bar.  I really really should have gone home but I was like "well I'm out, why not?"  This place has a specail place in my heart b/c it was the first place I sawe the "eyes" video.  But this time around it wasn't nearly as cool.  All we wanted was a pitcher of beer  but they were all cranky and wanted us to buy a fucking side dish.  Well we finally got some beer after Gabe had a talk with them.  Then the beer was kind of funny tasting, but I drank it all anyway.  Next we moved to Fe.  This place is actually pretty darn cool and was happening.  We took care of business there and then Gabe and Asma had to call it a night.  After much harrassing Fenton and I convinced Caleb to come to Bellagio for a drink.  Caleb sucked it up and came but it as obvious he was pooped.  So at this point this was my third visit to Bellagio this week.  Much to my surprised Connan wasn't working.  Anyway as we got settled in some really cool arm chairs a huge group of Koreans was leaving.  I couldn't believe it but they left and almost full picther of beer.  Well this just wasn't going to do.  So we snagged that and ordered another.  At this point I think all of us were super tired and slightly drunk.  Caleb was exhausted and needed to sleep.  Fenton and I were just strung out and crazy.  Caleb finally called it a night and rolled home.  Fenton and I managed to polish off all the beer which I was pretty impressed with.  Fenton also brought a very important life question.  What is a bigger tradgedy, an empty glass of beer or a full glass?  Because a full glass should be emptied and an empty glass should be filled.  Well my answer is this.  I think an empty glass is a bigger problem.  The reason being, I figure it is better to have beer and not need it, than to need beer and not have it.  We then went to meet Jung-nam as she got off of work at 3.  At this point it was time for me to go home.  I thought I wanted to do a little bit more but reason finally took hold of me and made me go home.  Thank goodness. I don't think I have enough time to complete the entry on last night but I'll do my best.  It started with Caleb and I eating at Italy and Italy.  This place is really cool and I've never been there before.  The make your own pasta is just a little bit awesome.  Now I did order the very hungry serving and I have to say I could have eaten a bit more.  But as it turns out it was a blessing in disguise.  Something interesting I noticed was that they have a LIKE newspaper advertisement stuck up on the back of the Coke fountian.  I don't know why but it was kinda cool b/c a picture of yours truely was on it.  After this was a quick pitcher at TC.  I went quietly didn't complain a bit.  We met a new DDD guy name Tim from England.  Not much else happening there.  Then it as to, you guessed it, Bellagio.  Ok I think I've set a few world records.  First, is most visits to Bellagio.  Second, most visits in one week to Bellagio.  Really I need to back off and I recognize this.  Ok I'm out of time.  Tune in next time for exciting conclusion.  Note, no spell check.