Right! Plan for tonight's blog: 1. Halloween Party 2. WS1   The halloween party was really quite amusing. I avoided Draper for the entire night and had lots of fun with Selina and Laura, which mainly involved laughing at Suki and Keith Leddington's dancing skills. Ha! All was going well until 10.30 when someone severed a wire and the speakers went "Pffffft." Macho (well, sort of) chanting then occurred, ranging from "Hemmell (sp?) is an arsehole" to "Engerland, Engerland, Engerland" and "You'll Never Walk Alone". Everyone was removed from the building at 11pm. I went home, and lots of others went to Yates'.   And so to Thursday...   We all headed out from Zeb's at 8.45 to WS1, where we stood in the FREEZING cold for ages, watching year 11 after year 11 get turned away, becoming more and more fearful that they would ID us, until we were safely inside. Phew! But alas, we were not followed by Kat n Coz n Beth n Nat, and we (sadly) assumed that either Beth or Nat didn't get in due to youngness. Turns out it was Kat who was denied entrance- weird, seeing as she's been in before. Boo hiss to bouncers. Inside we danced, ran into Carly (YAY), Nina (drunk), Helen (looking rather sexy) and Bhav (oddly enough). Also, EVERYONE who EVER went to my primary school was out last night- saw at least 10 people who I knew or knew me... strange... We headed upstairs at 11 where I had a nice conversation with Draper at the bar about the whole sordid affair and how everyone was taking the piss out of him at school- we cleared everything up and we don't fancy each other and it's all good :o) He left at about 12.30 and at 1 we were approached by Sean (FITFITFIT) who claimed "sponsored kissathon for charity". Needless to say, I gave generously. In fact, I was feeling so generous, I made three donations. mmmm MMMM!! Granted, he also got off with Zeb and Selina and a few other girls, but dammit I PULLED! Laura/Selina/Becky were much disgusted. Oh well! mmmmm Fit....   Ceff x    Let the music smother me, whole weekend recovery...