Humm, there's really nothing to talk about at the moment, yet I feel like posting. I just need to get going and I can go forever, just need a single thought to get me a head start. Dam, this kinda sucks, really kinda bugging me. I guess I could tell about my trip to Germany, so here we go...  Well, first off, coincidentally the girl I ended up liking there stayed at my grandparents house before the flight day, that's Kesh. I was still to shy to even look at her, she was kinda anti-social at the meetings we had before. Anyways, we all got there and got our tickets... I went to get something to eat and a magazine for the trip, ended up leaving my wallet there with about 100 bucks inside. Lucky me the salesclerk didn't steal it and told me to come back over the intercom, my mom was real pissed about that little event. Luckily she couldn't get any further than the metal detectors ;). So I met up with everyone at the loading bay and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited, eventually my teacher went to ask what was going on and it just so happened that our plane blew a tire while making an emergency landing in Seattle because someone on it was sick... LUCKY US! So we waited for 5 hours to get a plane, in some ways it was a good trade... We missed where the other schools would meet in Chicago and a tour of the first city we would've been visiting with a town guard. Since we were "so patient"(we played shithead for 4 hours straight and didn't stop 'til we all got back to Portland) they set us up in Business Class, it was worth it. The food was actually good! Amazing! Anyways, we ended up staying in Chicago for the night, took a Hotel we got for free from the Airlines cause they'd made us miss something "important". We ran across the street to a burger place and made asses of ourselves, god we had fun. Went to bed, woke up, went to the airport, got on the plane and began to Germany. Landed in Frankfurt, first time to see the SmartCar, so funny... It's barely bigger than my desk, since the gas is so expensive they've got to have small cars so there's an excuse for ya. We saw a guy with an MP5 SD6 and continued onto the bus, nice charter bus(it's what we'd be traveling in for the three weeks). Since the only time I can really remember and is the only really interesing part of my trip I will make the rest shorter. So we meet the other groups and start to tour Germany, yay... All the schools stayed pretty separate, we were the smallest one yet we made the most amount of noise. Got yelled at quite a bunch for waking them up(time zones). We laughed so much on the trip, must've given everyone harder stomachs. Back to the tour... So we went around to separate cities... Ate, drank(just "one" beer for the trip ;), ha! ya right!) and sang!(not really). The ice cream was the best part about the whole eating part, SOO GOOD! After sight seeing we drove up to Vreden on the eastern border of Germany right on(next to Austria). There we et our host families, everyone was scared shitless, I didn't know what to do... But they were so nice, my host brother was Max, he had to be the coolest person I'd ever met. Just like me when I was a Frosh! We went home and had cakes, cookies, pies, shortbread and pretty much any other desert you could think of. After that he showed me around the house, then we went swinging on a rope over a stream that was behind the house. Pretty much just hung out the next day, they told me we were going to a punk rock festival at the end of the week before we have to leave... Best part, so much fun. School was fun, got to see the classes and how different the programs were. Also it ended at 12:00 which was very nice, afterwards we ate big meal(lunch is their main meal of the day) and went to meet people at the bar. It was loud and everyone we were all still pretty shy but everyone from my school was there. So we just hung out and watched everyone do what they do, sorta learn what's up... The next day after school we went to the park, the park is the main hang out place. This is where most of the fun happened. We all met in a back firepit area and brought meat to cook on a grill, it was Max's 16th B-Day(the age where one in Germany can legally drink). He got 3 cases of 24 32 ounce beers. We had to carry them on road bikes, that was frickin hard. Everyone met up at the park and started a fire, somehow one of the other students was able to buy a bottle of Jack Danials. There was so much alcohol there, but wait... There came more, a couple hippie friends came with weed and started rolling joints. I never thought this would ever happen on a school trip to Germany. I dare say it was the best time I'd had for a long time, they opened up the Jack Danials and mixed a quarter of the bottle with some pepsi, no one would drink it... So I did, they were cheering me on as I chugged the mix down... Wasn't too bad actually, it went fast and I was already buzzed from the beers I had drunken. In about 10 minutes the Danials started to kick in, I've never been so drunk, it was the most fun time ever. I was trying to run and would just fall flat on my face after a few feet, I tackled my friend and we landed into a bush of stinging nettle. That kinda hurt, but at that moment I didn't care, I was having way too much fun. I couldn't stop laughing, even if I were alone somewhere in a tree I would just start cracking up. At one point I was laughing so hard I started feeling a sharp pain in my chest. I tried waling in a straight line and obviously didn't do to well, then someone picked me up and started spinning me... That was awful, I had a big headache after they put me down and just lay there waiting for it to go away so I could keep on having fun. The hardest part about that night was riding home on the bikes, everyone was falling on their asses and scraping up their elbows and knees trying to get home. The next day suprisingly I didn't have a hangover and I had drunken more than anyone else that night, it was a great relief. Must've been my fast metabolism, thank god... The Punk Rock festival was different, there was alcohol but I was a little more responsible, there were about 5,000 people in this huge field... There were about 4 or 5 stages all but one playing punk, the one that wasn't was playing rap(skrew that), two american bands were there: The Helicopters and boysetsfire. We went to the stage closest to us and got in the mosh pit, if you've never been in a real mosh pit then you haven't been born, it's gotta be one of the most fun things to be a part of ever. I didn't weigh that much obviously but if you fall over people make a wall around you, pick you up, dust you off and ask if your alright. SO FUN!! After the mosh pit we went to look for food and drink. My friend bought 2 beers right off the bat, apparently he hadn't gotten enough yet. He was drunk in no time, so I brought him to a hill and had him sit down. As we sat and listened the music Kesh(the one I liked) came by and I told her we needed to steal his wallet so he'd stop buying beer. I asked to see his wallet so he gave it to me, I handed it to her and he figured out what was going on. She sprinted off and she ran fast, my friend went after her but in his drunkenness couldn't catch up with her for his life. He rambled on how he wanted something to drink and how it was so mean that she stole his wallet as we "looked for her". There was no way we were going to find one person in a crowd of over 5,000 people. We went moshing some more and he couldn't keep himself up so we went to find some people, amazingly we found Kesh. He was sober by now so she gave his wallet back, he didn't buy any more alcohol after that. But as for Kesh, she started buying Smirnoff Ice, very very tasty but heavy. She was now drunk, so me and my friend walked her around, keeping her away from the Smirnoff booths. It was about time to go and we lost each other, me and Kesh went looking around for everyone. She was falling asleep while we were walking back to bus, I had to hold her up and slap her face to keep her up until we got there. Everyone slept on the way back... The next day we left, said our good byes, we were all really good friends after all the fun. Another week of touring and we went back to Portland, I miss it. I had the best time there, I want to go back sometime.  I'm sure this is enough for now, thanks for reading.