Bobby wanted a baby. Not a girl baby or a boy baby. Just a baby. At the age of three, after asking why Nicholas, his cousin could have a baby and he couldn't, I decided to leave it in God's hands and teach him a lesson about praying in the meantime. I simply told him, "You'll have to ask God, He sends the babies." He asked. In a crowded grocery store, when a lady with a cute baby walked by, he would lift his head toward heaven and yell, "God! I want a baby!" At the pool, when the mommies walked by with strollers, he'd yell "God! I want a baby!" In Toys R Us, walking past the baby toys, he'd yell "Hey God! WHERE'S MY BABY?" Evening prayers began and ended with "God, I reaaallly want a baby!"  For two years, selfish mother that I am, I went along with it. I only needed one carseat to handle. No more diapers, yet, if ever. I was so smug! God does NOT like smugness! Nope, nosireee Bob. God heard Bobby!Two weeks after the rabbit committed suicide, I decided to surprise him. "Bobby, remember when you asked God for a baby the other night?" "Yes." "Well, God's sending you a baby." I expected the equivalent of fireworks bursting in the air in our apartment. Instead, I got "okay." For days I would see him talking at the mailboxes to the mailman. His little face would fall, and he'd drag his feet back into the apartment. I asked him, "Bobby, what's wrong? Was the mailman mean to you?" "No, I'm mad because I'm not getting a baby. I tried to tell him I was, but he keeps telling me that he's not gonna' bring my baby to me not matter what God says!So I guess I'm not getting it!" Isn't that what we do to God? We ask and ask and ask for the same things, and we listen to other people asking for things knowing full well, in our infinite wisdom that God wouldn't possibly answer that prayer! And when it finally is about to be delivered, we fall back into disbelief, or we let ourselves listen to that voice of doubt in our friends or our families, or even ourselves. God is waiting for our faith to move the mountains before us, not our need. Despite the outward appearance, or modern wisdom, He is waiting for us to acknowlege that He alone, is the Most High God who answers our call! Isn't He wonderful!