So far, as you’ve probably noticed, I’ve done the typical bloggity-blog thing that comes from public forums.  You know – raise questions, throw in a quote here and there – the usual academic fare.  And you have commented quite interestingly. But!  I just had one of those “Oh no” moments the second I opened my email.  I had shared with other instructors that I had started a BLOG with our class as a forum for discussion (different from but similar to personal journals, free writes, or classroom dialogue). Not because I think it’s the newest trend but because I wanted another means to “hear” your thoughts – other than, yet again, more reflections. When one of the instructors sent us the link to  urlLink  Blogging Across the Curriculum,   I was taken completely by surprise that there is now a body of research in education on BLOGS!  I don’t know why I was surprised, come to think of it.  Afterall, underground phenomena always become part of collective consciousness in today’s cyber fast age – think of techno music and raves.  Sometime in the middle of my teaching career, I remember the cynicism I had felt toward journaling and portfolios being made into requisite activities and shaping the content of educational conferences!  Conferences held on the value of journaling and portfolios in education?  Two forms of expression rooted in the world of scientists and artists alike   for very, very good reason   – only to suddenly make its way into academic study and into the “curriculum” – or worse (shudder) IRP’s (Integrated Resource Packages).  Even the title “Blogging across the Curriculum” makes the hairs on my arm stand up.  It’s NOT a pedagogical method, a theory, nor an approach! It’s just another medium.  If it works, it not only has transformed traditional ways of expressing ideas through digital means, but it will morph into an entirely different knowledge source.  If it doesn’t work, it has probably been theorized to the point that no one wants any part of it anymore.  That is precisely what turned Einstein off of mathematics for years!       "It is nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulations, stands mainly in need of freedom; without this it goes to wreck and ruin without fail.  It is a very grave mistake to think that the enjoyment of seeing and searching can be promoted by means of coercion and a sense of duty"(Einstein).   Okay enough ranting!  So what do you think of the relationship between technology and creativity?  What of Garageband and iMovie?  What about Peter’s question of whether today’s music production is “composition” or “arrangement?”  What about the assertion that   language   itself is a  technology ?   Félix Nadar said that he became a photographer because he was a lousy painter…   "Photography is a wonderful discovery, a science which occupies the most intelligent, an art which sharpens the minds of the shrewdest, and which can be practiced by the most stupid…  The theory of photography can be learned in one hour; the first notions of its practice in one day…  But I will tell you what cannot be learned: it is a feeling for light, an artistic appreciation of the effects produced by different and composite days, it is the application of one or the other of such effects according to the nature of the physiognomies which you, as an artist, have to reproduce.  What can be learned even less is the moral intelligence of your subject, that rapid tact which puts you in communication with your model, which helps you judge him and guide you through his habits and ideas, depending on his character.  This is what enables you to produce, not the banal, haphazard and indifferent plastic reproduction that is within the reach of even a laboratory technician, but a more familiar and flattering resemblance, an intimate portrait.  This is the psychological aspect of photography, and in my opinion this term is not over ambitious" (Félix Nadar).