What a confusing weekend!  Where do I begin?  Friday  night my old roommate came to visit and we were originally supposed to go out, until Cop's wife asked us if we would just stay home and drink so she could drink with us.  So, I felt bad (don't ask me why) and we just stayed home and started drinking.  Her and I had each taken about 5 really big shots, and my old roommate had taken 2 when we decided we wanted to go out.  So we left Cop with the 2 little ones and had a girls' night out.  Cop's wife got so freakin shitfaced that I spent most of the night babysitting her at the club.  After that we went home and she stumbled into bed with Cop, he came out and got pissed at me for letting her get so drunk.  It was pretty funny.    On Saturday I didn't really do much but watch movies and take a nap.  Then on Saturday night my phone was in my purse in the other room, so I couldn't hear it when it rang.  When I was going to bed I went to charge it, and i had 2 missed calls, and a voicemail from a number I didn't know.  I checked the voicemail and it was Marine!  He goes "Hey Elizabeth, it's "Marine".  I was just calling to say hi, and see how you're doing, and see what you're up to.  Give me a call at ... I was just calling to say what's up and see how you're doing, ok... uh... call me back.  Bye."  Awwww, wasn't that sweet that he called???  No!  Fuck that!  How many times did I try to call him after that horrible weekend, and he wouldn't take my calls or call me back.  Then he text messages me like a week later saying "It's not you it's me.  Let's be friends."  Fuck you.  I got no explanation for why he left, or why he ignored me, nothing.  Then a month later he decides he's ready to talk and I'm supposed to jump at the opportunity?  Ummm no.  He can kiss my ass.  I'll be damned if I'm gonna let him call the shots.  Fuck that.  So, obviously, I was not going to call him back.  If he wanted to talk bad enough, he'd call again.  Well, guess he did, because he called me yesterday afternoon.  I answered, thinking we would talk about what happened and get it out of our system so that we could move on with a friendship or whatever.  Well, I made the mistake of thinking that he had any kind of balls, because he called and acted like nothing ever happened.  How the fuck are we supposed to be friends if we have all this shit that needs to be dealt with, and every time I try to talk about it he runs like the little vagina boy that he is???  So the conversation just pissed me off more than anything else and I was really short with him.  I could tell it was really awkward for him because I was being such a bitch and he didn't expect that because he's never ever seen that side of me before.  So after about 10 minutes of stupid small talk, (it was all him asking me questions because I could give a fuck what he's up to), he goes "Ok, well, I just wanted to say Hi and see how you're doing, and uh... (pause) I'm glad you're doing ok, and uh... (pause) I'll talk to you... sometime, and uh... (long pause) Stay cool."  I replied with "Bye."  Then I hung up and busted up laughing at his "Stay cool" comment.  What the fuck was that???  Are you saying bye, or signing my 6th grade yearbook?  K.I.T.  Have a kick ass summer!  HAHAHA!  What a jackass.  After I wiped the tears of laughter off my face I felt a little bad for acting the way I did, but I was pissed.  It's really, really hard to make me mad, but when you do... watch out!  All he has to do is talk to me about what happened, and let both of us say what we need to say about it to get it out.  Without doing that there is no way we can have a good friendship because we're always going to have this shit we never dealt with buried deep down, and one day it's going to come out and explode.  Dammit!  Now I feel bad again for how I acted.  See?  I can't even be a bitch when I try because I just end up feeling bad.  Mannnnnnnn.  Ok, I'll write part 2 of my weekend tomorrow... Stay cool!  LOL!  Sorry, I couldn't resist.