Today , we celebrated yiyong's birthday at Marina South Steamboat buffett. It was actually a surprise party for her, so you can guess her reaction when she saw ard 30 of her friends waiting for her when she arrived. Though i've not known yiyong for years..she is one girl that i would really consider a friend worthwhile and unforgettable. Anytime she invites me to work on another project with her in the future, i would not have any qualms of accepting it. This is one celebration i would not want to miss.   Then comes the difficult part. How to choose a present for her? I've tot of giving her granola bars cos it seems like she liked granola bars more than normal dinner when we were in Cambodia. Then i thought of making a doll... but i donno how to sew a doll. Looks like luck is with me when i went shopping for a gift...saw something that instantly caught my attention. A necklace with a cross. Though it wasn't a diamond necklace * I dont have a freaking rich father okie!!!*  but it was one which i can relate to her immediately. I did not hesitate abit when i bought this gift cos i have a feeling this is going to be a PERFECT gift. I can bet my last ruppiah..oppss....on it that if this is not the one she like most, this will still be on the upper rung of the list.  Appropriate and useful....hahaha.....I go for Unique-ness.....got style one....not like the normal gifts people give....hahahah.....actually i had for once thought of just giving her a 100 bucks Tangs gift voucher that was given to me free....haha....but the angel told me i cannot do this to a friend like Yiyong, she deserves more....hahaha......saved by the Angel.  Now come to my usual favorite topic .........FOOD..... Usually people will eat to their hearts delight at Marina South. It is buffett afterall. I didn't  really enjoyed tonite's meal though. Used to go there every week with coach Anthony Chan. But now, i felt that the food is too oily.The food wasn't good either. Did not eat much though. I was still hungry so i decided to jio Danny, mel, jones, Ken, joanne, nicole, and estell for supper. Ordered a plate of fried rice and drank huge quantity of water. Perhaps the effect of coming back from a BBQ steam boat buffett.  I am feeling abit sick now and i predict that a sore throat is emminent. Just got to hope for the best.   Lastly, would just loved to wish Yiyong a happy 21st birthday!! ( hmm.....so sad my 21st bday 2 years ago was spent with SAF...sob sob)  Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know