Bloody fucking hell   Well, I did it again - I left the blog unattended for what seems like eons. What, you're still surprised? By now you should be used to it. So, what happened in the meantime? Well, for starters, I've been running all over the place like a headless chicken. Why? Well, because I cannot get my study permit for grad school in Canada until I get my letter of admission from Waterloo. And I cannot get that one until I graduate. And I cannot graduate until I finish all my courses this semester. If I were to leave everything to its course I wouldn't graduate until the 20th. Which is the day before I'm supposed to leave for Canadia (yes, Canadia, I like to call Canada Canadia, any problem with that? I thought not. Wanker). And there's NO way that those lazy bastards at the consulate would process my study permit over the Christmas weekend. Well, I'm lying there. The Canadian consulate in Buffalo has some very nice people, and unlike those f*cking bastards at the US embassies they actually process your stuff right there, on the same day. You walk in one morning with your documents, and by noon you're ready to cross the border. Not at all like those paranoid ignorants at you know where. *Sigh* That felt good. Anyway, I still reckon that the study permit would not be processed on Christmas week. And I need to be ready and settled in Waterloo by the 7th of January. I think. They keep changing their mind, telling me on one side that I have to be there two weeks before classes start to get training for my job. Well, both sides say that. Where they dissent is on what date that is. One side says classes start on the 7th, and I have to be there 2 weeks before... Which puts me there on the 23rd. Which I  seriously  doubt is correct, but it's the earlier date so it's safer to assume that I have to be there right after Christmas. Plus I told that to my family, that way I don't have to spend so much time with them. Mind you, they're my family and I love them, but I prefer to love them at a distance. I don't know, it's something in the blood I'd guess, but I get more jumpy the more time I spend with them. It's not just me... But I'm the only one that openly shows his feelings on that matter. But I digress. The other side says that I have to be there on the 7th, and that classes start 2 weeks after that. I hope with all I can hope with that this is the case, but I learned not to trust my hopes on such matters. For all I know, classes started on the 7th of December and they're all fucking around with my head. Sideways.  And here? Well, I have to write this f*cking paper for Philosophy. At least I finished the  other two  that were due for the same class, and the final report for SAD. But I am getting tired of having to rush so much. And my parents are not doing anything to help. Nooooo, they expect me to quit everything here on the drop of a pin. Couldn't even enjoy a good final summer vacation. It's not that I have anything in particular against them, but their definition of relaxing is not my definition of relaxing. Let me tell you what they think is relaxing: Spending hours with them, doing housework, in complete boredom. Let me tell you what  I  think is relaxing: spending time with me friends, doing stuff that is entertaining, and most important of all, that is distracting. When I get bored I start thinking, and when I start thinking I get depressed, because I don't really have anything better to think about when I'm bored than all the shit that happened to me in my life. On the other hand, when I'm distracted, I still think, but I think about the happy stuff, so that's good. But I don't expect that they'll ever understand that. No, they want me to be what they think is the male model, and they want me to do what they think is the right stuff. Ohh, no,  of course  the problem is with me when I snap at them. Because I  snap at everyone , right? FUCK NO. I got more patience than you can shake a stick at. But they always,  always  manage to freak me out. Because they can't accept the fact that I am different from them. *Sigh* I guess I'm selfish too for wanting to spend my last Christmas here with my friends instead of the people that I can spend other holidays with? And it's not like I get to know these things in time. No, I'm always the fucking last person who ever gets told anything. Just today I hear that the honors ceremony was on Saturday. And did anyone from the University tell me? Fuck no! Bloody bastards, all of them.