Once again I am unable to contain my thoughts about  urlLink Si 's blog.  This time though he needs correcting - its a dirty job but someone's got to do it.  Its not often that you even verge on minor heresy Si, but I'm afraid you're comments on the  urlLink Observer 100 Best British Albums  are just completely wrong.  About the Stone Roses and the 90s and Doves (But your right about the Smiths).    I think I can understand the root of your error.  Being a good, real music man you may have missed the last great revolution of Modern Music - Acid House.  Stop your snickering for a minute, what Rave did was blow open the doors in a similar way to punk 10 years before.  It taught people how to actually use those digital machines from the 80s you mentioned.  Suddenly music was not just about what it did to your heart and head any more.  It was also about the reactions in your feet, what got you dancing.  So anything went as long as it felt good, and that got you moving.  This approach did not always work (rave sesame street anyone?) but at its best it led to new and glorious fusions.  Through rave the boundaries between rock, dance, jazz etc. seemed to fall.  Glorious Fusion ruled the day and sadly we that we seem to be moving towards greater polarisation again.  That was my major issue with the poll, I don't want to sound like a boring armchair raver but where was the techno?  Some of the most exciting albums made in the last 15 years were from unassuming blokes hiding behind banks of machines.  Leftfield, Chemical Brothers, The Orb, Goldie, all these people made albums that fused jazz, hip hop and rock together in new and exciting ways.  I know dance music is not as it was, but these people changed the music landscape.    As far as bands and indie were concerned, The best bands of the nineties were the ones were those that embraced this new approach and allowed it to take them in new directions.  That was what was great about the Roses; They got the (ahem) groove.  You could dance to them as well as get in to their solos or clever words.  You couldn't do that with the Smiths (although New Order you could.)  Later others, Primal Scream, The Orb, Spiritualized and others followed suit.  That's why your wrong to judge the nineties on a few pouting brit-pop bands. Admittedly there was a lot of high profile awfulness but isn't that just because more music was produced.  ThSo my advice is avoid the majority of over rated britpop and get into some of the gems of the new hybrid age.  With that in mind here are a good starters for the "other" Nineties and Noughties.  There are amazing Massive Attack, Tricky, Porstishead, Primal Scream, Streets and My Bloody Valentine Albums on the list but 2 other albums that the Observer missed are...   urlLink Spiritualized - Ladies and Gentlemen we are Floating in Space  Ambient, trance rock.  Took 5 years for Jason Spaceman to mix it and is his finest moment.  Angry, Passionate, Heartbreaking and Beautiful.   urlLink Leftfield - Leftism   The Dance album.  Leftield plus collaborators show that dance music can move your head and your brain.  Punk, Dub, Hip Hop and Techno fuse together to make a truly multi-cultural, British, Rock and Roll album.  I reckon the observer could have knocked off a couple of Beatles albums for those two.  Others that might not get into the Top 100 of all time but are some of my favourite all timers and might be of interest to those wanting to see beyond the brit pop and guitars:   urlLink Underworld - Second Toughest in the Infants      urlLink Chemical Brothers - Dig Your Own Hole    urlLink Cinematic Orchestra - Every Day      urlLink Four Tet - Rounds    urlLink Roots Manuva - Brand New Second Hand      urlLink 4 Hero - Creating Patterns    urlLink Asian Dub Foundation - Community Music     urlLink  Boards of Canada - Music Has the right to Children    urlLink Rae and Christian - Northern Sulphuric Soul      urlLink Nitin Sawney - Beyond Skin