i'm back "home" now and i've come to a startling discovery...well maybe it's not all that startling.  being here makes me depressed.  and i mean really depressed.  actually it's not even being here that does it, it's having the guys around.  they don't even need to be mean or anything...just present.  i was completely fine and happy on my way up here, and even when i got here and no one was home.  as soon as they walked in i could feel my body tense up and become withdrawn.  it's really weird how apparent it is now after being away for a while.  and to think i was so ready to get away from my parent's house.  gosh, i just can't go anywhere to feel normal.  i'm actually beginning to think i have something wrong with me.  the trouble sleeping, the change in appetite, the long-lasting bruises, the blackouts/dizziness, the depression, the anxiety, the irritability, the uncontrolled crying and emotional releases.  i'm going to try and make a doctor's appointment on monday.  i hope i don't have something wrong with my thyroid or have anemia or something.  i really hate getting blood taken, but unfortunately that's what i'm going to have to have done.  anyway, i gave the guys their presents tonight.  it didn't really make me happy, in fact it made me feel so sad i came up to my room and cried.  the thing is that only one of them got me a present and i think the other 2 felt really bad for not getting me anything.  i didn't expect anything from any of them so that didn't bother me at all, but the fact that i could tell they felt bad made me feel bad.  maybe they didn't feel bad about not getting me anything but rather that they treat me so horribly.  i think i would be alright with that.  unfortunately, i've decided i shouldn't move out until summer since i don't know the status of my job for next year...so i won't be able to give one of them the ultimate thing he wants...for me to be gone before spring break.  he never said this exactly...in fact i'm pretty sure i said it during the conversation, but he did say something that led me to believe that he wanted me to leave as soon as possible and that he didn't want me to be here at all.  it's obvious - actions speak louder than words.  his girl toy just came over.  she got a new piercing...a nose ring.  the kind that goes through both nostrils...an actual ring...sort of like what bulls have.  i still don't like her.  i just have a gut feeling that something is wrong about her.  i don't think she is good.  she gives me this "dirty" feeling.  it's not my problem though...if he likes her than i am happy for him.  hopefully she brings him the happiness he needs.  and hopefully she won't end up coming in-between our friendship...even though i think it's inevitable since i feel it's already ruined our friendship quite a bit.  that's alright...i'm independent and strong.  i'm used to all of my friends leaving me, so what's another?  i need to not let myself get attached to anybody ever again.  not as a friend, not as a lover.  i don't need anybody.