subject is another eric quote but i might as well have said it 10 times today  top 3:  (1) lie groups... had our second class today... until i learn a bit more about differential manifolds, i'm gonna feel way behind (and am) in that class... homework due thursday... oops  (2) driving marathon (this is what eric said it for)... mondays and wednesdays we have analysis til 4:10... then eric has band rehearsal starting at 4:30... problem, analysis is on busch campus... band rehearsal is on cook/douglas campus... there are rutgers buses that go between the campuses, but (a) busch and cook/douglas are the farthest apart pair of any of the campuses and (b) the math building is on the farthest end of busch away from c/d... the music building is on the farthest end of c/d away from busch (c) eric asked our analysis prof if we could move class up by 10 minutes since the students all agreed and he can't b/c of his schedule and (d) getting out on time and driving like a maniac, (i'm eric's designated driver, this was agreed upon last semester) we got him to nicholas (the music building) with about 30 seconds to spare... this is soon going to become our twice a week entertainment i guess  (3) i need to get a better attitude with my roommate... we don't talk much... i don't think either of us expects the other to, as long as we both clean up after ourselves and pay our halves of the bills... i don't have anything against her, i just don't understand her, but i often get the feeling she thinks i'm a slob or that i'm an idiot... i'm not sure which... living here for another semester always assuming that one of those two is a hidden motive in whatever she's just mentioned is not gonna work... (a) i have no reason other than my gut feeling to suppose that's the case... really, i should just give her the benefit of the doubt and (b) that'll make me into a mental case double checking everything i do to make sure i'm not being a pain to her... dude, maybe i already am one for even taking the time to type out a paragraph like this.  summary: i need to not attribute motives to her that i have no proof are there.  so yeah, homework, driving logistics, and people relations, need to work on all of the above....  in happier news:  (1) i think i actually have an idea what's going on in analysis right now!  (2) it's supposed to snow like a foot in the next 24-36 hours... dude, what a party  (3) people crack me up... quote of the day follows: {sitting in analysis, jared is sitting next to me, and scott's right in front of me} goodman (prof): so let's check an example... we can just pick our favorite compact Hausdorff space... scott: (turns around and whispers) so what's  your  favorite compact Hausdorff space? me: dude, absolutely none {5 second pause} (simultaneously i whisper, scott turns around and whispers): pizza!!! (then in reaction to the impeccable timing, in unison again): dude! jared: (having observed the entire exchange, whispering too): yeah, my favorite compact Hausdorff space is the surface of a pizza, crust included  then it was really hard to not laugh out loud and look like we were all being good, but i think we succeeded... dude, i got great math people =P  oh, in futher exciting news, it looks like jessica's coming up to visit this weekend -- that'll be a party, i'm excited. =)  now, to be productive.... duuuuude... later