urlLink Some Key Concepts for the Design and Review of Empirical Research. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by C. Mitchell Dayton.  It shows how empirical research can be useful in real life.  From the ERIC Digest:  It is unfortunate that the terminology of accepting/rejecting a null hypothesis (that is, determining whether obtained results provide a reason to reject the hypothesis that they are merely a product of chance factors), suggests that these methods are intended to represent final decisions about the reasonableness of a research hypothesis. Indeed this was not the view of R. A. Fisher (1890-1962), who is considered to be the architect of modern statistical design and analysis. In commenting on the distinction between decision theory and statistical inference, Fisher (1959) notes:    An important difference is that Decisions are final while the state of opinion derived from a test of significance is provisional, and capable, not only of confirmation but also of revision (p.100).    A test of significance ... is intended to aid the process of learning by observational experience. In what it has to teach each case is unique, though we may judge that our information needs supplementing by further observations of the same, or of a different kind (pp. 100-101).    In the day-to-day work of experimental research in the natural sciences, they [tests of significance] are constantly in use to distinguish real effects of importance to a research programme from such apparent effects as might have appeared in consequence of errors of random sampling, or of uncontrolled variability, of any sort, in the physical or biological material under examination (p.76).    In the final analysis, the accumulation of evidence in favor of a theory may result in general belief that the theory is "correct" in the sense of providing satisfactory explanations for a body of natural phenomena, although this evidence can never reach the level of mathematical certainty. On the other hand, discrepancies between theoretical predictions and natural observations may result in abandonment or revision of the theory. It is in this sense that a scientific theory is falsifiable.