Once again we have a   3 day weekend!  .  I believe I will sleep in tomorrow and then do some stitching.  The boy child is going to 4-H camp on Saturday and will be gone for 5 days; I believe hubby and I will have some time together!!!    YEAH!!!!!  .  I have been ruminating on the seemingly prevalent notion that children/teenagers feel that they are "entitled."  It doesn't matter what they feel entitled to have, do, think, feel; they just seem to feel that since they are alive and breathing and in our presence, we are obligated to provide them with everything their little hearts desire.  When did this attitude of, "Give me, because I want," begin?  Truly, I believe it to be a product of a peaceful society.  These kids do not know hunger, true need, or true want.  They are a generation of "entitlemes."  They have nice clothes, nice shoes, cell phones, chat rooms, beepers, every imaginable comfort and luxury.  What do they know of privation and/or sacrifice.  I realize that lumping all children/teenagers under this banner is not fair; however,  I can, right at this moment, look at eight teenagers and be hard-pressed to find one who would willingly sacrifice for another.  How much food is wasted - when have they had to go hungry?  Truly hungry?  What happened to the notion that food should be eaten because it was set before one, thereby showing respect for the one who made it?  How many people say grace now-a-days?  My family does.  Ours goes like this:   Bless us, O Lord, and these Thy gifts which we are about to receive from Thy bounty, through Christ our Lord.  Amen    Even that simple little prayer reminds me that my food, my family, my health, my shelter, my very life all come to me through the Grace of God.  I am thankful to have something to eat, somewhere nice to live.  Is that my age? or my experience?  I have seen something of the world; I am travelled.  I say this not to boast, but to place some credence on my next words.  When I entered throught the gates at Auschwitz and walked past the words,  "Arbeit macht frei,"  I was accutely aware that I was about to step foot in a place full of ghosts.  So many people passed through those gates and into the gas chambers; so many lives were snuffed out; why was my life any different?  If I chose to go through my life without the knowledge, cognizant knowledge, of the atrocities committed there, could I truly say that I deserved my life?  This of course, is a rhetorical question.  I am worthy of my life as a child of God.  My life is made more meaningful, because I am aware of the sacrifices others have made before me.  This has become more apparent as I get older.  I feel things more keenly than I did as a young adult.  The WTC is a good example.  Knowing that the people on the upper floors had no chance of escape is a very sobering thought for me.  Watching people who know they are going to die makes me wonder how I would react?  Is my faith strong enough - I believe it is, I hope it is, but how can any of us know until we reach that point?  The children, and to a lesser extent, the parents of this generation, have not had to make any sacrifices.  We have lost some soldiers in conflict across the globe since the end of the Vietnam War, but even the current casualty figures from the war in Iraq are statistically negligable when compared to a similar period of time in any of the other wars we have been involved in.  So, I guess the big question here is, does a prolonged period of peace create apathy and a sense of entitlement?  Our society has so many things to take our minds off society today, that we seem to be incapable of forming an attachment to a sense of duty.  Will the children of the soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan have a different sense instilled in them?  Will we soon see a change in the attitudes of our students?  Time will tell....