The ADDIE model is one of many models used in the development of instructional design. The ADDIE model basically stands for Analysis > Design > Development > Implementation > Evaluation. It is a somewhat linear model adopting a common sense approach in instructional design.  As to my understanding, analysis is the stage in which you take stock of expectations, objectives, and any other requirements whether imposed by resources, technology, or the people (clients/learners/teachers). Once a good analysis is complete, design can proceed that will be able to satisfy the primary goals.  Development continues right after design and once completed, implementation takes place. Issues here will likely to be technological or training oriented. Once everything is set in motion, an evaluation is conducted to ensure that all in well and on track.   The Analysis Phase:   Clark, D. (Big Dog ISD Page) describes the analysis phase as a  'Front End'  analysis where the main problem identification is performed. It is interesting for me to note that Clark, D. acknowledges that analysis is not just a one-time occurence (even though the ADDIE model indicates otherwise), but emphasises the importance of the initial analysis over all else.  The analysis stage is demanding and time consuming but very crucial. When I was assisting with instructional design for an online MBA program, the analysis stage was basically centred around the client (in this case, the university). The weak acknowledgements on learning pedagogies resulted in a poorly delivered learning outcome that demanded increased attention and efforts on the teachers to remedy the lack of 'learning' from the system.  Clark, D. elaborates on tasks, performance measures, and instructional settings as other important elements in the analysis stage. It appears to me that this identification of measures and settings will boost the effectiveness of the evaluation stage by providing a platform for the evaluation process.  Personally, I feel that the ADDIE model is a simplistic approach to developing instructional design that also allows for a deeper and more complex approach to be undertaken. A key issue I believe is that the model should not be conducted just in a linear fashion as analysis for example, can be done in smaller scales throughout the instructional design process.