"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife."    This opening sentence of Jane Austen's " Pride and Prejudice " cannot be more true in our culture, the  Meranao  culture.  I remember, about four or five years ago, there was this  "Darcy-ish"  young man who came "home" to our place after growing up somewhere else.  He was the scion of a political and rich clan.  He was a lawyer (fresh from the Bar exams at that time, I think).  Oh, and he was quite good looking, too.  He was, obviously, a jackpot prize wanted not only by mothers who had daughters, but by the daughters as well.    I remember laughing whenever I saw him, in numerous occasions, being swarmed by females of all ages.  There were some who were my mom's age wanting to introduce their daughters to the "man of the hour".  There were also young women his age and slightly older and/or younger than he was.  These women looked like hungry beggars lining up for free food.  Honestly, that was how I saw them.  I also remember that during that time about 70% of all conversations involved him or somebody linked to him.  He was truly a celebrity.  I cannot imagine how he took all these.  I mean, growing up in another place, our culture was totally alien to him.  I (we) have proven this when once he came out on TV and talked about our culture and it was obvious that he didn't know what he was talking about.  He was just completely lost.  Even his cousins (friends of mine) were saying, "Oh, what the f*ck are you saying?!  Wala namang alam 'to eh! (This one doesn't know anything!)"  Sheesh, that's the celebrity you worshipped?!  I wanted to say to many people.    Anyway, back to my story, everyone was convinced that he came home to actually find a nice young woman he could marry.  Well, that was actually what his family planned for him.  So many rumors came out about what kind of woman he wanted.  There was even something as stupid as he would only marry a girl who looked like Dawn Zulueta.  I couldn't help but laugh at this.  I was thinking, "why didn't he go marry Ms. Zulueta herself then?!"  People were debating about who was best for him.  Funny because these people didn't even know him.  All these lasted a few months.  Everything ended and came to a stop when, all of a sudden, he went back to Manila because he couldn't survive in Marawi.  Well, after all the rumors and all the mothers hounding him as though they were all possessed, I wouldn't blame the guy for wanting to escape.  The next thing we knew, he married his college sweetheart in Manila.  And then, that was it...  The time to look for another "celebrity" had come.  It's really funny how people are sometimes.  I mean, look at how those parents were so bent on marrying off their daughters to THE celebrity.  What the guy thought or sometimes what the daughters thought weren't even considered.  But, can we blame the parents for wanting "the best" for their children?  Hmmm, oh well...  Oh, and I might as well add my own improvised quote that may very well express another notion very much believed and accepted in our culture...  "It is a truth generally acknowledged that a single woman in possession of a good fortune and/or good education is in want of a husband... fast!"   Aaaarrrggghhhh!!!!!  Laugh with me... Nyahahahaha!:)