It's midnight and I can't sleep, I hate it when that happens. Lately it has been happening more and more. Silly reasons, like a stuffy nose and not being able to breathe at night or hearing Baunders collar as she walks in the house, or an intense itchy spell where I am scratching all night, I wonder if God is trying to tell me something. Maybe he wants me to be praying or something during those times.  It has been a relaxing break though, almost to relaxing to the point where I am almost getting lazy. Been reading and watching movies. I also figured out how to make a Caribbean passion drink like at Jamba Juice, well Hannah and I discovered that last weekend. I have been realizing lately how important it is to have a good set of friends and fellowship, I've been a little out of the loop lately because I have a job that has me work nights (well part of the night) and I feel like I am missing something. Sometimes I ask my brother if I can go hang out with the guys at guys group which is silly because it's a guy's group, I just want to have friends too! I am excited about starting a girl's group of our own soon with Hannah, I think that will help with the fellowship with girl's my age and getting fed spiritually. I miss having someone to pray and cry with, or just to tell about my day. I miss times of hanging out with nothing to talk about but still we end up talking forever. I miss Sharon and Jen. I miss Nicole. It hurts when people who are so dear to you leave for whatever reason, I know though that real friends love at all times no matter where they are. I'm getting to know my family better though through this which is an amazing blessing. The other day Gabe out of the blue came up and asked me about something that was bothering him. Mom and I can talk about almost anything, I go and help her in her classroom now which is so much fun because those kindergarten kids show me that kids have a special place in God's heart. Andre and I like watching trading spaces or ambush makeover together, don't tell him I said that. :) It's fun because we get lots of ideas for looking good and making your house look good too! Dad is such an awesome man, he has been making it a point to take Andre and I to lunch every week or one of us at least  and that is his time to see how we are doing, and to see what he can pray for us about. At that 4f group the other night something that I thought was really neat was that all the kids got with their parents and prayed for each other. I know that my mom and dad pray for me all the time and I don't know what I would do if they didn't. Their prayers are keeping me going, and what better way to show love? It's just awesome. Well I am sleepy (didn't I say that already?) so I better try and rest. I want to go and see if my Ruthie is still around at the nursing home tomorrow, I haven't been there in forever because I am afraid that she won't be there when I come, but death isn't a bad thing, especially if you are 92. I just pray that I can see her before she goes to tell her that I love her so much and how much joy she brought into my life even though I am just a kid in her eyes, she is another one of those people that have blessed me more than I have her.