The revelation of )(, which was given to him to light the path of peace to his disciples; and was made known through his angel at the Trial to his servant Xenophilus, who testified to the practice, even to all that he IMed.  Xenophilus to the seven clubs that are in Europe: Abiding peace and focus from )( that is, was, is to come, isn't, wasn't, and will never be.  Look at )( but do not see it; speak )( but do not say it; take )( but do not )(.  Glory through non-glory, name that is not Eternal Name, forever and never, Amen.  "I am non, I am always not myself," says )(, that is, was, is to come, isn't, wasn't, and will never be.  To )( non-glory fornever and ever, Amen.  I, Xenophilus, your brother who share with you in )( the State (that is non-state), was on the peninsula called Iberia because of the path of )( and the testimony to )(.  I was seated in focus, and I heard behind me a loud voice like a subwoofer saying, "Blog on the Internet what you see and post it for the seven clubs, for Joy-Eslava, Kapital, Ministry, La Habana, Las Caballerizas, Oxígeno, and Yo-yo.  Then I turned to see whose voice it was, and on turning I saw seven golden turntables, and in the midst of the turntables I saw one like the DJ of Joy-Eslava, clothed in a black suit with a golden buckle on his belt.  His head and his hair were white as a strobe light, white as snow; his eyes were like laser beams, his kicks were like burnished bronze, refined as in a furnace, and his voice was like the sound of Niagara.  In his right hand he held seven lit mouth candies, and from his mouth came a mic, and his face was like the spotlight shining with full force.  When I saw him, I fell down as if ODed.  But he placed his right hand on me, saying, "Fear not!  I am the wasn't and the isn't, the is and the was, the maybe.  I was unfocused, but now Satori.  I have the key to )(.  Now blog what you have seen, what may be, and what did take place after what's about to happen.  As for the mystery of the seven lit mouth candies that you saw in my right hand, and the seven golden turntables: the seven lit mouth candies are the angels of the seven clubs, and the seven turntables are the seven clubs."