Well, it has definitely been a week filled with excitement.  I got a job offer from Pratt, a new computer, and finally posted my trip pictures...and of course there's a story to go with each of those events.  The job offer from Pratt.  They called me Tuesday, and offered me a position.  I immediately began calling people.  I received a wide range of reactions.  Not one person has failed to congratulate me, but it has ranged in sincerity from Connie ("Congratulations" with a "Please say no so that you don't have to leave before the end of the semester and leave me with tons of work to do" tone behind it) to George ("Congratulations" with a "OHMYGOD!  You're moving back to Utica in less than a month!" tone behind it).  Then there were a bunch of reactions somewhere in the middle.  All said though, I'm excited.  My new boss (God, it feels weird to say that) is already arranging to have my new apartment all ready for me to move in.  At this point, there are only a few people who don't know ... including my mother, because I got the call a good half hour after she left for Florida.  Since I have no way of reaching her there, she won't know until she gets home next Tuesday evening.  I got my new computer.  Of course, it wasn't that easy.  I got a package slip, but the mailroom was already closed.  I managed to get permission for security to let me in to get it.  The package wasn't there.  The head of the mailroom was called.  He says the package should be there.  I agree.  But it's not there.  I begin to slightly freak out at the prospect that the school has lost my brand new iBook before I even get to see it.  I freak out for a good forty-five minutes before it is found, thankfully with no further problems.  My pictures from my trip are finally posted, and I'm quite proud of that fact.  In order to post the pictures, I had to actually figure out how to use my new iBook.  This in itself has been quite the adventure.  Even something as simple as getting a CD *out* of my computer is suddenly a new and challenging ordeal.  Therefore, please allow me the satisfaction of looking at my pictures.  They can be viewed here:    http://homepage.mac.com/nathaig/PhotoAlbum1.html    Other than that, if anyone has some boxes, I have to start packing!