Well, it seems this blog is not serving it's purpose.  I want to connect.  if this is your first visit, have a look at the last few entries, and perhaps you will understand what I mean.  I fear my existential crisis is reaching a breaking point.  I feel I am about to jump ship on my life... no, no, no.  Not suicide.  I don't want to kill myself, but I want something else.  What else?  What else... I want to go for cocktails with my girlfriends, and flirt with boys, and wake up happy to be where I am.  Unfortunately, I live in a city full of insular locals (read: shitty, close-minded ass-wipes who only chill with the friends they were borning knowing), my close friends are all from "away" (yes, Haligonians have a word for those of us not born here... we're "from away"... gives me chills) and in relationships.  I love my job dearly, and marvel at the fact I get paid to go to do what I do (currently doing my PhD in neuroscience) but I can't take it.  I need to connect to someone.  Anyone.  I fear I am about to give up my dream, so that I can run-away from this god-forsaken place and find a job as a waitress in Vancouver, or Hawaii, or Italy... or anywhere the people don't fucking lick goats.  So, I have a proposition.  I have $5 in my pocket.  I will send this special $5 to the person who leaves a comment that makes me smile.  I am running on a tight budget, so I am only going to send this $5 to the best smile-inducing comment. Obviously, I will be the judge of who left the best message for me, and I am making a deadline of June 23, 2004, 5pm local time.  Make sure you leave your email address, so I can get a mailing address from the luck winner to send the special $5.  Now, let's all be realistic.  I don't get more than 1 or 2 hits a day, and the average time that someone spends on my blog is about 43 secs, so I am not expecting more than one or two comments. If you do comment, chances are pretty good that you will win.  It's an easy $5... connect with me.  Make me smile.  UPDATE:  If you read the story about Scott the wonder-asshole who expected sex for walking me home, there is an update to the story.  If you remember, Scott is a friend of a friend, Amber.  Of course I told Amber the story; I thought she would think it was funny (which it was, and she did) and I was hoping she might be able to provide an explanation (which she couldn't).  Anyway, I was talking to Amber last night, and it turns out that she has shared the story with her and Scott's circle of friends, and Scott's new nicname is "Dirty".  I love it.  I imagine if Amber ever has another party, or if there is another show we all want to go see, things are going to get ugly between me and Scott.  In fact, I have already heard he is bitter about the story getting out...  The truth hurts, Dirty.  One more thing:  At one point, Kaylee had linked to me from her own blog.  I don't know Kaylee, but how nice is it that she things I am worth sharing?  Anyone, I have lost her!  I think she changed her blog address, and I have found it on blogscanada.com, but the link is broken.  Kaylee, if you are reading this blog still (again?), give me a heads-up about where you're at, and make an attempt for the $5.