urlLink 'Think'  by Simon Blackburn is part of my preparation for some teaching on philosophy of mind. Despite too little sleep last night, I understood some of it. It was mainly about Descartes and theories of knowledge. He summarises this section by identifying four main approaches in  urlLink epistemology . Descartes' Rational Foundationalism (you can trust your powers of reason and build your knowledge from there - Descartes); Hume's Natural Foundationalism (you can trust your sense-experience); Coherentism (main thing is it all fits together, never mind that it has nothing to do with 'reality'), and scepticism - the view that there really isn't any sound knowledge about anything. Now that last one would be a good one to keep in store for those exams children!  I have recently joined the  urlLink National Secular Society  and the  urlLink British Humanist Association . I will probably go into more detail about why I have on some more permanent web entry, but briefly, since changing from evangelical/charismatic to Agnostic/Atheist five years ago, I have felt the need for a more positive statement of my life-stance (eurrgh is there a better word?).  urlLink The Brights  is a less formal initiative along these lines. Am I a 'Bright'? I feel a little uncomfortable with the possible interpretation that people with a naturalistic world-view are obviously bright-er than those with a different position. Still I will probably go along with the term as I do think there is a need for one.  I was accosted on the tube today. Happily, it was a very good friend of mine. I broke my journey at his home and we (as always) had a wonderfully stimulating conversation about the above paragraph. He was of the opinion that the NSS in particular was rather unnecessarily anti-religious, and that humanists tend to be left wing (obviously bad according to his ... life-stance). Yet he and I were agreeing wholeheartedly that there is an instinct in humans towards some sort of ritual and ackowledgement of a sense of otherness etc. He was saying that his tenacious vestiges of spirituality are due to a feeling that some sort of Other (my terminology) is the best (of a bad bunch) of ways of explaining this instinct. I really am not so sure. I think that a basic understanding and appreciation of evolution is a cause of utter wonder (cf Dawkins'  urlLink 'Unweaving the Rainbow' . However the context of this discussion was the playing in the background of a Bach Cantata, and for me there is no denying a sense of *worship* that it stirs up in me. Should I have this desire to worship? If not, why do so many have it - pathology? If I should, what should a Bright/Humanist/Securlarist do with the desire? My best answer so far is to worship money sex and power. Only joking, although soooo many would love me to say this as they consider it the only alternative to worship of their concept of God. My proper best answer is simply to celebrate the wonder of being alive and ... listen to Bach Cantatas. But in German (if you don't know much) so that you don't have to feel awkward about the Pietistic personalism of the words.