It's like this: you crest over a wooded hill and see the Delta.  It's flat and green.  Groves of trees make ridges in the horizon.  Fields of cotton, soy, rice.  Mist rises up from the fields at sunset.  Everything's lazy and hot.  You feel like you're breathing in steam.  There are creepers that cover everything--trees, houses, rusted-out cars.  On Route 61, you pass through small towns.  Old men sit in lawn chairs smoking cigarettes.  Kids roll tires down the streets.  When you drive past, people wave.  Sometimes they smile.  About fifteen minutes inside the Delta, I saw a long brick building.  The roof was caved-in.  Creepers strangled the stairs.  The windows were boarded-up.  Rust.  I thought,  Maybe this is an abandoned office building.   Then I saw the merry-go-round, swings, and teeter-totters.  It was a school.  An old, abandoned, shelled-out school.  The realization cut through me.  Now I'm home in beautiful Marianna, AR.  The houses are small, quaint--though many students live "across the tracks."  There's a huge statue of General Robert E. Lee in the town square.  There are many magnolia trees and butterfly bushes.  I'm excited to live in town, but the race for housing is an intense, cut-throat business.  Right now, I'm hoping to live in a house downtown that's been split into three apartments.  It has hardwood floors, kitchen appliances, many windows, a bedroom, living room, bathroom, and a "breakfast room."  (It's a room that's too small to be a dining room, but it's connected to the kitchen.)  Also, the owner said I could bring my cat, Mora, to live with me.  It's the perfect neighborhood.  There are two apartments available, which means that there'd be two teachers living as neighbors.  However, there are three people interested in the apartments.  The tension--real or imagined--is making me sick.  We've decided, as a community, to research all available housing in town,  then  decide who lives where.  If I don't live in these apartments, then I'll be looking for housing in Forest City, which is twenty minutes away.  I'm afraid to live that far, knowing my tendency to isolate myself.  I hate the prospect of fighting for housing, but I can't be a pushover.  I feel my happiness hinges on living in this apartment.