Sometimes, I wonder what it is that I love so much about Gracie's feet! We already know she loves shoe'ies, a trait I passed on to both my precious girlies. Still, even when she runs around outside in her sling-back sneakers (yes, they make sling-backed sneakers for little fairies), and decides to unleash the smell of a toxic waste dump as she takes them off and insists I kiss her "stinkies," I love them.  With dirt around and under every little toenail, from playing outside all day, I will still lift them to my lips for a nibble or a kiss just to hear her erupt in infectious giggles.   At night, when she is bathed, powdered and has that sleepy, warm, snuggly milky scent to her, the toes are right there, perfect pink pearls peeking out from her pajamas. You would never know that as Graciefairy drifts off to sleep, the feet become demented, raging monsters that must subdue everything in their path.  To understand the mystery behind this, you must realize that Graciefairy has a beautiful toddler bed of her own. She has Humpty Dumpty sheets (since he's one of mommy's heroes,) a Barbie (yes, Nanny, Barbie-not beheaded Barbie, either) comforter and pillow, and a Scoob and Shag throw blanket on her perfect bed. This bed is two feet from my bed. We can reach out and touch hands.  Every night, she is placed in her little perfect bed with her little perfect pillow and her little perfect toes, and a bottle.  Somewhere between "Oh God, this is a great dream: an Estate Sale full of quilts, bakelite, embroidered hankies, rag dolls and books and everyone else is lost;" and "No, Mel, I cannot go to dinner with you, I'm married to the Prince," I feel the beating begin. The beating is not the beating of my heart. It is the beating of me to death by those little perfectly pink pearlized toes that have become monsters. Gracie has entered the bed, right between the Prince and I. She is laying or lying, which ever you prefer, diagonally across the bed between us.  For the sake of the Prince, I always try to keep the feet on my side of the bed. It's a humanitarian gesture.  She begins her assault by using the love handles-on my legs (known as saddle bags, garment bags, steamer trunks, to me) to boost herself up in the bed. Then, she begins boosting herself further with all the rolls I have conveniently grown over the years for her rock-climbing/bed climbing assistance.  The end of her ascent occurs when her head reaches the headboard, or the Prince is innocently injured in the journey.  This child has the agility of a prima ballerina and the finesse of Wayne Gretzky before he earns the penalty box.     The Bible says "How beautiful are the feet of those who bring the gospel of good news." It also says in Psalms 91 that "He will give his angels charge over you to guard you in all your ways, lest you dash your foot against a stone."   Lord, I thank you for watching over Gracie's feet. Thank you for keeping her safe in all her ways. Thank you for letting her take the Gospel of Peace everywhere she goes. And thank you most of all Lord, that her feet don't smell like those of Grandpa and the Prince.