Just got back from Saint Andrews Junior Schools leadership camp. It was definitely fun guiding the young kids in the activities. As usual, there are lots of problems handling kids cos they can neber sit still for a moment. Not even during the debriefs. But thru them i also got the chance to learn and practise skills on command and control and many other skills. The experienced instructors also guided me along when they saw that i have some problem in these areas and i greatly appreciated that. Guessed this is wat we call professionalism. We teach the students the essence of teamwork and i think the instructors led by example by working together as a team cos we had rather limited manpower in this camp.   What was most encouraging to me was that occassionally the kids applied what i have taught them during the camp. For instance, they were at wits end when they were supposed to give a performance duing campfire, largely due to their lack of teamwork during the preparatition. But within seconds before starting their performance, they decided to apply teamwork and abandon their orginal program and change it to a game tat was used to display teamwork that i taught them during the day. That is to sit on each other's thighs while standing up without any support. It may be a very simple activity and may seem boring to other on lookers, but i am very proud of them becos that showed that they have learnt the most important aspect of being a leader and a team player becos without team work, this activity cannot be successful. Perhaps i am too emotional but i really felt a great sense of being proud of them like a father seeing the his kids succeed. What was most encouraging to me was that the kids gave me a thank you card and commented to the school during the final goodbye that i am one of the best instructor to them in the camp. Maybe they are just being courteous but still i really appreciated that.    As the camp was all about leadership, my job is very much one of a trainer who facilitates and guides the leaders along. I believe in practice. Leadership is useless without practice therefore i very much left it to the leader of the team to plan his team whenever they need to complete a task. Guessed the idea of experiential learning had already been drilled into my head that i used this tool to guide the leaders along in every activity they did. Indeed it is a very powerful tool. I think the kids do have the potential of being a good leader, they just need to have more exposure. I wish them all the best.  Tomolo going to teach some students on teamwork from Maris Stella thru raft-builing....got to sleep early tonite .....i guess, i can use my new found skills here too.    Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know