Once again, I am sitting here at work contemplating things to do. I know that tomorrow will be really hectic. Tomorrow I learn PeopleSoft, a new database program, and I go over how to reconcile my university credit card. I also have my first staff meeting. I also learn how to edit contracts with our campus performers. All in all, there is a lot going on tomorrow. It makes me only  slightly  nervous.  Friday is my day to run my own day. I know that I have a meeting with Dustin, a rep for the BSU, to go over plans for their upcoming concert. I'm not sure if they realize that using the Rec Center actually requires spending $3000 on set up and removal. I'm not sure how they are paying for their event. I'm not even sure if they are planning on going through the box office for tickets (another $1000). I do know that this is my first non-SUB event. This is also the first event that I get to handle all on my own. It's really quite unnerving. I would like to meet with my SUB director who is handling the Emerson Drive concert in October so that I can get some specifics. I might see what I can scrounge up for a meeting with him on Friday. Just so that I am in the know. I have my first event to attend on Sunday. It's a big week with lots of big events.  Next week is freshman orientation week. I have three solid days of academic events in the mid-morning/early afternoon. In addition, I have staff meetings, CPAS meetings, Homecoming meetings, etc. Now, not all of those will necessarily take place next week, but a good portion of them may. Then I have evening events that I have to attend. And weekend events. The only nice part of that is that I get to come in late/take time off during the week to balance everything out. I wouldn't want to work 60-75 hours a week! No way!  I think tomorrow is also decorate my desk day. I'm bringing in some supplies from home. Pictures, pens and pencils, etc. Then my office supplies come in on Friday or Monday! Hooray. I put down about 11 things that I wanted to decorate my side of the room. I can't wait until I get my real office in October. A real room with four walls and a door. This is a real room, too, but it's much more open and not private. Not that I am a super private person, but to have some escape space would be nice.  Wal-Mart run is on the agenda for tonight. Hopefully, by the time I get home at 4:30, the shower will be fixed. That'd be nice. Right now it is really not working at all. Neither is the washing machine. Or the dryer really. It was a list of many problems when we arrived on Sunday afternoon. Thankfully, R. has handled everything splendidly and allowed me to be mostly mellow this week. I get really crabby at the cat in the morning. Mostly because he's an ass this week. Meowing all the time in a bitchy-cat way. He likes to meow loudly at me at night when I move even the slightest bit. I feel like saying, "Screw you cat! You sleep all day while I work. I don't care if you're comfortable." Maybe I should say it.  Life is good. I wish I could comment on conversations with people or on my social life, but other than R. and I talking about cleaning or making dinner, there's not been much social about my life. Mostly just work. But that is what the first week is all about. I like it a lot. The day goes by really fast..... really fast.  Okay, I'm out. I'll post something decent here eventually.