i apologize to all those i have offended with my nasty title. *bow* its just been a horrific week.   THE MAN THAT HELPED MY MA TO CONCEIVE ME is being a jerk-off, as usual. he fuckin accuses me of stealing money from him. now why the hell would i steal money from HIM when ma gives me all the money i need. for crying the fuck out loud! jebus!!! anyways, he accuses me of stealing his money and then he declares that i'm not allowed to go out with friends. fuck that shit. i went out anyways. i went to the fireworks. honestly that was the highlight of my whole week. other than that this week was a total mess. i already wrote about the fireworks in my last blog so i wont write bout it again. but it was great nonetheless. GOD the ride home was good, eh babe? lol.  anyways, besides my dad being a  stupid fuck, my "best friend" flew in on wednesday. hes messing up my life. i SWEAR to GOD. he comes back thinking that we're still together. which was OVER LAST FUCKING YEAR! good GOD! some ppl just dont know how to let go of some things eh? anyways, now hes mentally guilt-trippin on me to make me feel like shit for doing something for myself. which is compeltely gay. i'm trying real hard to keep from killing him. crickey. watever, he can burn in hell.  other than that my weeks been pretty shitty too yea. i dont know who i was kidding thinking that this week was ok. shit.   well tomorrow should be good. we're going to a BBQ then to the fireworks. but GOD hates me too. its apparantly going to be raining tomorrow. like WHAT THE FUCK?!?! the one thing i look forward to for the weekend, and its probably going to get cancelled. sometimes when shit happens, SHIT REALLY HAPPENS! kick me while i'm down eh GOD? i sound like a fuckin depressed person. all this swearing and jazz i apologize bout. ya'll know i dont swear so much naturally. i'm just pissed off right now cause FATHER just siad i cant go out tonight. i was spsed to go watch "harold and kumar" with mooshie. but i guess that isnt happening. wat a fucker. I HATE YOU YOU PATHETIC EXCUSE FOR A DAD! shit.  i should stop before u ppl start getting scared of me. and yes ppl natasha does have a dark scary side. everyone does. if u havent found ure dark scary side yet, theres something wrong with you. so go take ure damn time to find it. sometimes its good to get all the shit off of ure mind. else it just keeps building and building until u blow up. like me. i've decided that hence forth i'll start showing more of my upset emotions instead of being a fucking push-over and letting certain ppl get away with everything and all the shit they do to me. fuck this. GOD. i need feeds.  once agian i apologzie for all the cursing. its really not like me.   later  love u babe.