GETTING STARTED I can see that this can be a very exciting and yet very frustrating time in my life.  I'm not one of those people who can teach myself something from a tutorial or just by exploring what is out there.  I need someone to show me how to do it, and then go from there.    Don't think that if I finally figure out how to do something that I then know it forever after!  It doesn't work that way for me:  Firstly, because I probably stumbled over it by accident anyway, and Secondy, because I can never remember how to do it anyway and will have to go through the whole painful exploratory exercise again to have success.  For example:  posting a picture. I managed to get my own picture on the blog, finally (after I had posted a picture of the Blog desktop by accident!), and now I need to post another one.  Do you think I can remember how to do it????  So it's going to cost me at least another 20 minutes to go through the whole painful process again.  INITIAL POSTINGS AND CRITIQUES After I had read a number of postings about Virtual Communities I realised that I had gone onto totally the wrong track with my version:  I discussed key elements of a learning program instead of key elements of a VLC.  Lookin back, I think my posting deserved a 2 1/2 out of 5.  Critic 2 it a 3 and pointed out my problems, and Critic 1 gave it a 4, although she also spotted the problems.  I don't feel I deserved such a high mark.  I had also gone way over the 200 word limit.  In general I felt the marks awarded were too high - although I personally awarded 4 1/2 out of 5 to a particularly good posting by Helena Schoeman - so do I have room to criticise?   COURSE IN GENERAL I feel frustrated because I don't have much time to to all the work as a result of 3rd term pressures at school.  Once again, I shall find myself following the credo:  "The job doesn't have to be perfect;  the job just has to get done!"  Although the perfectionist in me rises up in horror at that phrase, I have learnt that I must compromise and submit work which is not necessarily of high quality in order to get the work done at all. (Just as an example, I haven't even read through Unit 2's instructions yet !!!! One unit at a time, I say!)