Wow! What another amazingly medicore day! I've spent a large amount of it doing not too much... Hmm... From the top - went to school - for some reason I was wearing my posh mac-in-a-sac. It served its purpose for all of about 1 minute in between my being sheltered by something or other. Chemistry was certainly one of the more interesting though - we watched one of the best science videos ever - something about how alcohol brings out the "primitive" brain in us - but it had a story! There was like this bloke on the pull, drinking some beer and somehow erm... attracting a woman - and then because the alcohol had stopped his "higher" brain from working out how to escape the toilet cubicle that he was trapped in - causing him to lose his date("The chance for reproduction now lost, he returns to the only source of pleasure that he has - alcohol"). It does explain why people like alcohol though... Meh. Then there was a biology lesson which involved aggravating Kay by being on her server and browseing the C: that she shouldnt have access to - but did because of some security lapse when it was loading up. Meh - our actual work was a fascinating presentation on "Bioaccumulation" (which is when large amounts of pesticides and herbicides get into the food chain, becoming more and more concentrated further and further up it,). But then it was the engineering trip - had an early lunch with KS3. Didn't realise how amazingly crowded the canteen is on their break. I wrote an email about the bad management of the canteen by the school to "What's it all about?" student conference, I think most people agree (it was a rant,). But apparently, Mr. Jones said last night to parents that "No student had complained". Hey! I did! But having an early lunch pass I flashed through the queue ;). Think I convinced my brother at one stage that all 40 of the year 10s in there were there because they were being internally isolated after a large pile-up on the field the day before... ;)  The engineering thing was ok-y fun. A free coach trip to get there - and then there were... about 5 or 6 schools. A play group did an abysmally appalling play (the acting wasn't bad) about stereotypical teenagers finally realising exactly WHY they wanted a career (in engineering,) looking around, about half of the crowd (they were from North Bristol... ;)) fulfilled that stereotype very nicely... Then we had to take 4 tires off of a car, move them around onto a different wheel, and put them back on again - with a tightness rateing of 50Nm. Which we didn't understand. What didn't help is that we didnt know that the really long crank thing had a measurer to work out how tightly it was on -.-. So we had 10 of our 16 nuts not on on the correct tightness. Which lost us 1 minute 40 seconds. Grrr... At least we beat the reall... "'ard nut" team. What a git Ben Nolan is... After that we had to list "qualities that we think are required of an engineer". I persuaded them not to put "Strength" ;). There were two groups of us (our group of 17 divided into two), and we had to choose items from the costume box that represent those qualities. It was soo funny! We got Ben Nolan dressed in a police hat, torch, lightsaber and reindeer antlers (he imagines that he's a reindeer.) James got a rally HUGE afro and shiny top! Wow! ;)  Anyhow - I have to go skiing. Chow!