well faithful readership,   by this time, you've probably become less faithful.  as well you should.  has it been six days? seven?   my wife celebrated thanksgiving with her family while i was in miami --  her cousin shea says she was victim of blog-attrition here at the back burner.  she was originally in our demographic but stopped reading because we (that's the authorial, royal, editorial and formal "we" which really means "me, but please, listen to me, i'm writing in a conventional way!") were too hard to understand.  i'm going to have to reread the blog.  sorry readers if i've been offputting.  MIAMI was fabulous in the following ways:   1. met some great people -- mostly job applicants -- but that's front burner talk...  2. enjoyed my colleagues marcia & ann.  they're fun, deep, engaging -- how lucky to work with the kind of people that you enjoy playing with (i know we're dangerously close to talking front burner again)  3. catching up with d.dra & mary -- sangria, moros, plantain and throngs of miami hipsters swarming around us in an outdoor lincoln street cafe -- hilarious conversation and intense conversation -- all in the span of a few hours? lucky me. good times.  4. beaching / snorkling with thomas -- saw a few fish, but enjoyed the downtime immensely.   what feels pressing about the world right now?    i feel burdened that people fear taking their lives seriously.    they fear that when we seriously contemplate the meaning making that we're doing -- we'll find ourselves lacking.    they fear that they can't meet the BIG (particularly mediated-mythologized) criteria that are cultural commonplaces for evaluating meaningful lives.    they fear that thinking too hard about such things makes them more serious than fun.    they fear that too much consideration about these questions will erode the simplicity of their quotidian & mundane everyday lives.   and when I say "they" i mean "we."   is such inquiry more the domain of the privileged classes?  doesn't everyone want to make meaning in the world?    i'm really asking...b/c i think i could make an argument either way.   is it (such inquiry) solipsism?  (the key theme for my miami trip)  promised my brother that i'd have only a ten minute blog so he could call his assistant. i'm one minute over.  peace~