“Conventions are like Jeopardy, you have all the answers, it’s just formulating the question.” Dr. Sandy Maisel  President Bush gave a speech yesterday beginning to outline his second term initiatives. Half of this speech was pro-Bush and the other half was anti-Kerry/Edwards. The President’s second term agenda is education and the continuance of his tax cuts.  The GOP will have Vice-President Dick Cheney campaign throughout the Democratic National Convention. This is unprecedented. In years past opposition has taken a back seat in times of their opposing parties conventions.  The Democrats have raised over 36 million dollars in the last 30 days. It was thought previously that Bush would have an insurmountable lead in the financial aspect of this campaign, but that lead has been cut very quickly.  Michael Genovese.  Americans vote at a very low rate. The United States has the worse turnout rate in the world. Americans have many different elections. The United States elects more officials than anywhere else in the world. Most people tend to forget that the federalist Government of ours is bigger than most other democracies. Most other democracies are drastically smaller than the many differing states of this union. We have a far larger mass and greater population than anywhere else.  In analyzing partisan voter preferences one only need to look at gender to be a factor in choice. Women tend to vote fairly more often for Democratic candidates then for Republicans. The Latino population is also making their voice heard in politics and it is felt that this base needs to be courted in the future.  Most young people view voting as being up to the individual person and note a civic duty.  I went to Fenway Park today. This was the second game that I have gotten to see in my favorite Ball Park. I was able to scalp a bleacher ticket for $20 face value. I only needed one so that usually makes the price go down. The Yankees are in town this weekend, and that would definitely be the ticket to get. It was an extremely hot day out in those bleachers. This was probably the hottest day of the summer so far. I walked around after the 6th inning and started taking pictures all over the place. I was able to sneak into the box seats a few rows back from the third base side for two innings. It was nice to be so close to the field. Man those tickets are expensive though, $70 per ticket in the box seats.  I went to this club near Fannueil Hall near the Boston Court House. This was a nice hip-hop club by the name of Q. My first impressions of the place were a reminder of a club back in Chicago that I used to go to when I first turned 21. The place was named Elixir and the one thing that I like about it so much was that it had a gothic feeling to it. The bar, which always had this hot little blonde number, was actually lit up by candles. This was a very cool thing to see.  They had a camera crew from Playboy television there. It must have been for some show that they produce. I have to be honest and say that I was hoping for a big Girls Gone Wild thing to occur, but unfortunately that did not happen.