Tonight, we had official family business to discuss.  My father and all of his brothers and sisters (my cousin and I sat in as witnesses) discussed the estate and my grandparents' legacy.  I was amazed but not surprised by how organized they are despite their great loss.  I have a wonderful, close-knit family.  At the meeting, I commented on how it is obvious that they are my grandmother's children.  They are kind and respectful to one another.  My cousin and I were given the task of opening each and every card and reading them.  We were also to count and make a note of any monetary gift.  I read the notes from people expressing how much they loved my grandmother.  One person wrote, "We loved her, too."  Another person wrote, "I'll always remember her smile!"  There were numerous cards and checks written in her memory.  As my aunts and uncles listened to my father (who was long ago appointed family leader in the event my grandparents' death), I sat thinking how proud Granny must be.  She must know that she raised her children right.  There were no squabbles only love and support.  Granny would not allow me to remove any pictures from her photo albums when she was alive.  Tonight, I removed my father's military pictures and two pictures of Granny and Papa in their younger years.  I didn't dare tell my aunt who has been appointed "the decider of what may be taken and what must remain."  I knew she wouldn't allow it.  I slipped the pictures into my pocket for safe keeping.  I was aware of Granny's presence.  I don't know whether or not she approved of my "stealing" pictures or if she just simply laughed.  I said aloud, "Granny, I know you told me not to take pictures from the photo album but..."  Then the pictures disappeared or rather they had been misplaced somehow.  I looked frantically for the pictures while my cousin searched for pictures of her own Daddy.  Then after 10 minutes or so I found the pictures.  They were hidden between the pages of another photo album.  How they got there no one knows.  I had put them on the washing machine (we were in the basement).  In my mind, I could hear Granny laughing.  I know she's around.  I know she loves me anyway.