just like in that movie i watched.  i need a clean slate.  i was cleaning out my email folders and came across a few from various people.  they made me cry...   from mike:  "Nothing that you do in your friendship with me is a waste of my time, it could never be so.  ...I just try to live my life the best that I can, like everyone else...Part of that is not leaving you just because we've had a disagreement, no matter how big it is.  I want you to be my friend no matter what.  ...If you don't want to be friends right now, I will understand.  I hurt you and that's just not good.  If you do ever decide that you want to, though.  I will always be here."   from kurt: "I am sure everything WILL work out for the best, even if that "best" isn't the best that we want."   from shea:  "You are super cool.  I like you a lot.  You should have my babies.  ...You are missed.  ...I'll dream of you tonight i'm sure."   from johnson:  "I promise two things: I'll always be your friend, through thick or thin as long as you'll take me, and that I'll share with you what's troubling me, as you've shared me with me what's troubling you."   from dave:  "need a hug?  stop by tomorrow, i can give you one :)"   from nik:  "I can guarantee you one thing...you’ll always have a friend :)"  "As you go on your journey through life, you’ll meet so many different and unique people.  Most of them won’t understand you or your thoughts.  But every once in a while, in your travels, you’ll meet someone who does... you’ll see it in their eyes, and know that even though you may be worlds apart in some ways...that they truly understand you.  Your lives may have been completely different...but you’ve shared the same joys, and the same tears.  And wherever you go, there will be a special place in your heart for them.  I know this because you have a place in mine. "  "I never wanted to break up with you, and I never wanted to hurt you.  I wish I could take back a lot of those things, but I can't now.  I wanted things to be so happy with us, and I wanted them to last forever.  You wouldn't believe how many nights I would fall asleep just thinking about how much I loved to spend time with you, and how I wanted to enjoy that forever with you...I'm sorry that I ruined a good relationship with a great girl.  I will probably be sorry about that for a long time to come.  I'm sorry that from now on all I will have is memories about the good things.  I really mean it... I want to cry just thinking about it. "   well...this will be the last i see of these as i am attempting to erase my memory of things that hurt me...