I donno why but I have locked myself in my room. my only means of anything is school and this computer. And school is ending tomorrow. Ken is keeping me alive that much i am so thankful for. I can't have anything else to live for.   i work so hhard to keep myself afloat and I have nno idea what to do sometimes. Hell I was so lost I fell down the stairs 4 timmes to go get water considering its the only thing I come out for asid from tthe bathroom. I feel kinda bad. ken is working so hard to get down hhere and please my parents I just don't know what to do. I wanna help hhim so much and I want him to be comfy but he tells be not to worry. but ya know i alwways do...what can i say i think alot. I always think School where i am suppose to think I don't think at all...strang huhh?  i donno I pull back to myself only talking to a few people. god I hhate this. it just kills me to be thiis way  bbut what the hell can I say I always think and I am just worried as hell about Ken. i know he loves me alot and such but i am always just affraid thhat its just gonna go away and i'll be alone again. I mean you'd think hey no big deal just another guy I mean why should you care well I do care. So much and I just have this pull at my heart when he is sad its like I have to be there to help him and make it better, or when he is mad I feel like I have to be too and i hhave to help him in anyway I can. And when he is happy I am just on air. I have never been so hhappy in my life. When I feel that I can't go on anymore and its just too muchh I just think of Ken. I am telling you people he is keeping me alive!!! My drreams are always so nice nnow. i am just la la la now. I get to talk to him atleast once a nnight so that puts me up in such a better mood. yeah.  I do feel somewhat better now. I am not gonna post all my doubts because well somme of them I like to keep to myself. so long have I kept trust and hopes locked away but now I only keep a few so HA!!! You been told fool1!!! As you can plainly tell i just got done talking to Ken thats why i am in a better mood SO HAHAHHAHHAHHAHHAA!! I am iin a bounccy mood and I am out of my little hole but something later may pull me down but I am gonna pull myself out cause I love Ken so much i knnoww he would want mme tto be happy and want me to never doubt hhim so thats damnn well what i am gonna do!!! So yeah....better go now ggotta get stuff done before hhell breaks loose.....