I thought it might be fun to include the lesson I will be teaching tomorrow.  Lesson plans follow a very specific format.  For anyone who hasn't taught, or is still in school, you might be surprised at how in-depth the planning can get.  And this is one my shorter lessons!   Ms. Polk Writing lesson Monday, 7-12   OBJECTIVE.   What will your students will be able to do by the end of class?  SWBAT explain different motivations for writing letters (i.e. persuasive vs. narrative). 	  OPENING.   How will you focus, prepare and engage students for the lesson’s objective?   I’m going to experiment with discovery learning.  (I’ve been told that Institute is the time to experiment with different instructional strategies, so here it goes!)  I will give students directions, both spoken and written.  I will tell them: “In a moment, I’m going to put you into groups of three, then tell you where to sit.  You will need to bring a pencil with you—that’s all!”  I group students, then say: “Stand up. Now what are you supposed to take with you?  That’s right, your pencil.  Now move to your new table.”  (I’m also experimenting with breaking down directions into smaller parts.)  Once they’re there, I will say: “Good.  Now we’re ready to start learning about how we write letters.  Today is going to look a little different than other days.  I’m going to give each group three letters.  First, read the letters aloud.  Then try to figure out the differences between the letters.”  Then I will pass out the letters and tell them to begin.  I will have two letters.  Right now, I’m thinking about having one letter in which a child writes to Santa, arguing why he should put her on the “Nice List.”  And I could have a letter in which Spiderman writes to Mary Jane, narrating his thoughts.Kids will have 10 to 15 minutes to read the letters and write down the differences between them.  During this time, I will circle around the room to help guide students to their discoveries.   INTRODUCTION OF NEW MATERIAL.    How will you convey the knowledge and/or skills of the lesson? What will your students be doing to process this information?    	 When they are finished, we will move on to talking about our discoveries.  I will ask each group to share one of their insights.  Again, I will ask prompting questions so we can get to the nitty-gritty of today’s material.  Some of the questions I might ask, in particular order, are:  How does Spiderman greet Mary Jane?   Is that greeting different from the greeting the little girl gives to Santa? Does Spiderman’s thoughts follow an order? Does the little girl’s letter follow an order? What clue words make you think she has an order? Why is Spiderman writing to Mary Jane? Why is the little girl writing to Santa? How are their reasons different? Does Spiderman sound like he’s talking to a stranger or a friend?   What words make you think he’s writing to a friend? Does the little girl sound like she’s talking to a friend or someone she has never met before?   What clue words make you think she’s writing to someone she has never personally met?  We will end up talking about persuasive and narrative writing.  First, I will define the types of writing, using a T-chart to highlight their differences.  I will use students’ observations to expound on these modes of writing; their insights will be added to the T-chart as examples.	  I will provide three questions to help students discern between both categories of writing.  Then, I will model reading one letter on chart paper and determining its type of writing.  	  GUIDED PRACTICE.   In what ways will your learners attempt to explain or do what you have outlined? How will you monitor and coach their performance?   	  In groups, students will read a short letter together and determine the category it falls under.  I will have two posters with “narrative” or “persuasive” written on them.  When they’ve finished group work, they will go stand under whichever sign they believe matches the category of the letter.  We will talk about and debate their choices.I’m going to have a letter to Donkey from Shrek, in which Shrek tries to persuade him to take a two-week vacation in the land of Far, Far Away.  This will be a little more difficult for students, because Shrek and Donkey know each other, but Shrek is trying to persuade Donkey to leave.  This letter is going to be a little trickier, so that way we can have a good debate over what type of letter it is.	   INDEPENDENT PRACTICE.    In what ways will your different learners attempt the objective on their own? How will you gauge mastery?   	 Students will make a foldable in which they explain the different ways of writing and why someone would choose each mode.	   CLOSING.   How will you have students summarize what they’ve learned? How will reinforce the objective’s importance and its link to past and future learning? 	  I’ll ask them what they’ve learned.  I’ll take that time to clarify anything they’re still confused about, then preview the next afternoon’s lesson: They will be learning to write a persuasive letter—to Mr. Northern, Ms. McDonald, and me!