We cruised three islands yesterday on our ship the Anna Maru. At 7:30am we were picked up at the hotel and transfered to the marina to board the vessel. There were lots of tourists from Italy, France and even some other Aussies on board. We headed to the top deck to soak up the sun, which was absolutely gorgeous, there was light breeze that made it even more enjoyable as it was nice and refreshing.  First port of call was the island of Poros, time was limtied here, so Al and I just wandered the tiny little streets and looked in the shops. Our next island was Hydra. It was magnificent. Just like the postcards and paintings, all the buildings were white with little blue shutters on them. The locals were so friendly as they called you into their shops, one guy told us that the rpice of livign is extremely expensive their, and that the locals relied on the thousands of tourists for income. We walked around the port and up a hill to find a little swimming spot. It was beautiful. Imagine, walking a quaint little path and steps, to find the shore, sparkling crystal blue water, just waiting for you to dive in. Aroundthe shore line, was a cave that you could swim into. There were many little kids running and jumping form the top, their laughter was inviting, and Al and I joined them jumping into the cool water. The bottom seemed to go on forever, we both couldn't get over the clearness of the water.  Our final stop was the Island of Agena. Here we hired a little scooter. We had wanted to get one for ages, as we thought it would be fun. It cost us $15 Euro for an hour, which is close to $30 Aus dollars, but it was well worth it. While others were walking round, we flew past them on the scooter. Al riding, and me holding on for my life on the back. He was doing 60 and it was only 30 permited, but I don't think they have speed cameras, jokes. Ha ha. We rode to the other side of the island and found our own quiet little spot by the shore and went for a swim. I was starting to feel the sun then, my arms, neck and face are really browner, I got a tan , ha ha ha.   Our cruised ended back at Pieurus and we were transfered by coach back to our hotel. We were so stuffed, we finally hit the shower at 9pm, and were too lazy to go and get dinner so we ordered room service.