I must be one of the few people in the world who actually requests time off of work for vacation and then forgets to take it. I am ameliorating that problem this morning, because i took the day off :).   Today's discussion is about books. I am on an active quest to expand my reading list. Suggestions are constantly being taken. Some of the books I've read recently...     Why American's Hate Politics   by E.J. Dionne.  He wrote this book after the 1988 election, looking at some of the issues he hoped we be resolved in the 1990s.  Its a pretty scathing evaluation of both sides of the aisle, and nicely done.  Unfortunately, more people didn't read it in the 1990s, and we are where we are today.  It also has an opinion on Democratic party's liberal perspective that juxtaposes nicely to Jules Witcover's   Party of the People    a history of the Democratic party.    Junk Books:  I've reread assorted Harry Potters,   I Robot   (for the first time, I had never read it before), and anything else lying around the apartment.   Christopher Moore's   Practical Demonkeeping, Fluke or I know why the Winged Whale Sings,   and   Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff.    I am in complete agreement with Greg.  Christopher Moore gets better each book he writes - PD being the first of his, and Lamb being the best of the group.  I would reccomend all three of these books (but especially Lamb) to anyone who is looking for entertaining reading.  I have reread Lamb at least 5 times, I think it is that entertaining.  FOIKWTWWS is pretty good as well, and PD is a nice introduction.   I'll have to surf used bookstores for more of his books.   Edmund Morris'   The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt   - I really like TR and this biography (granted, obviously Morris loves the guy) is really well written.  I actually read   Theodore Rex   first before I realized the two books went together and the first one was even better.  I have reread these volumes a few times since purchasing them this past fall.  Anyone who has a soft spot for progressive republicans should read these books, and they are a nice insight into this president.   Katharine Graham's   Washington -   It wasn't until I reread this book that I realized exactly how much I liked it.  It is a series of vignettes from other authors that are all discussions of pieces of Washington history.  She wrote introductions to each piece, however, she died halfway through the book, but co-authors did finish and publish the book.  I want to read about half the books that are quoted, but I would REALLY need to surf used bookstores for essays by Alice Roosevelt Longworth and   Merry Go Round  .  I also did read Katharine Graham's   Personal History   and I need to return it to Emily.  I was at a Post luncheon and was upset when I didn't win the copy of that book ;).     An Unfinished Life: John F. Kennedy   by Robert Dallek - an extremely readable biography of JFK that didn't seem to be fawning (like some) or hateful (like others).  It was relatively balanced, and was in general a good read.    Where is my nose currently:     Night and Day   by Virginia Woolfe.  Leshon is reading her diaries, and has decided to read each book as its mentioned.  I mentioned I had never read Virginia Woolfe and she bought me a used copy of  Night and Day  so we could read it together.  I'm taking real care with it - I've actually now read the first six chapters twice, and some of them three times just to make sure I don't read so fast that I miss something important.  We're going to have lunch and talk about the book.       Now the fun part....what SHOULD I read?  - urlLink Stina  has reminded me how much I like Isabel Allende.  I started going through paperback fiction at Jess and Greg's alphabetically and soon stumbled on Allende.  I loved the   House of the Spirits   and   Eva Luna   but the rest Jess had in spanish.  I need to go to a bookstore and find some of her.  -  Founding Brothers   by Joseph Ellis - because I love American history and it is supposed to be excellent.  I'm waiting for Cokie Robert's   Founding Mothers   to come out in paperback, used.  -You may notice a pattern here - I read a LOT of history and biography.  However, i'm trying to expand my horizons - help me out :)  make suggestions :).