What is Love?  A group of professional people posted this question to a group of 4-8 year olds. "What does love mean?" The answers they got were broad and deeper than anyone could have imagined:  When my grandma got arthritis, she couldn't bend over and paint her toenails anymore. So my grandpa does it for her now all the time, even when his hands got arthritis too. That's love.  Rebecca - age 8   When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You just know that your name is safe in their mouths.  Billy-age 4   Love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving Cologne and they go out and smell each other.  Kari- age 5   Love is when you go out to eat and give somebody most of your French Fries without making them give you any of theirs.  Chrissy- age 6   Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.  Terri- age 4   Love is when my mommy makes coffee for my daddy and she takes a sip giving it to him, to make sure the taste is OK.  Danny- age 7   Love is when you kiss all the time. Then when you get tired of kissing, you still want to be together and you talk more. My mommy and daddy are like that.  They look gross when they kiss.  Emily- age 8   Love is what's in the room with you at Christmas if you stop opening presents and listen.  Bobby- age 7   If you want to learn to love better, you should start with a friend who you hate.  Nikka- age 6   Love is when you tell a guy you like his shirt, then he wears it everyday.  Noelle- age 7   Love is like a little old woman and a little old man who are still friends even after they know each other so well.  Tommy- age 6   During my piano recital, I was on stage and I was scared. I looked at all the people watching me and saw my daddy waving and smiling. He was the only one doing that. I wasn't scared anymore.  Cindy- age 8   My mommy loves me more than anybody. You don't see anyone else kissing me to sleep at night.  Clare- age 6   Love is when mommy gives daddy the best piece of chicken.  Elaine- age 5   Love is when mommy sees daddy smelly and sweaty and still says he is handsomer than Robert Redford.  Chris- age 7   Love is when your puppy licks your face even after you left him alone all day.  Mary Ann- age 4   When you love somebody, your eyelashes go up and down and little stars  come out of you.  Karen- age 7   Love is when mommy sees daddy on the toilet and doesn't think it's gross.  Mark- age 6   You really shouldn't say "I LOVE YOU" unless you mean it. But if you  mean it, you should say it a lot. People forget.  Jessica- age 8    And the winner was a 4 year old child whose next door neighbor was an elderly man who had just lost his wife. When the child saw the man cry, the little boy went over into the man's yard and climbed on top of the man's lap and just sat there. When the boy's mother asked him what he'd said to the neighbor, the little boy said, "Nothing, I just helped him cry." I love you!