Today was finals day.  My first test, in discrete math, took me about an hour and a half to complete.  It wasn't bad, although I realized that I messed up on some of the graph theory stuff.  As a side note though, graph theory was really interesting and it seems like there could be some very useful computer science applications.  The second test was in my Modern Algebra class.  I know that since the word Algebra is in the title, it sounds easy, but it's not.  The course code was Math 7700.  Discrete was Math 0700... so, as you can see, Modern was WAY up there on the math chain.  It was the highest code offered.  Two weeks ago, I really thought that I would fail the class.  I studied for hours and hours, typed out ALL the definitions in the book, and then got a whopping 49 on the test. YUCK!!  But on the second test I got a 82, and I think I did fine on this one.  On one of the questions, the teacher said he didnt mean to put it on the test, but when he first did it, it seemed easy because he did it wrong.  I was only 1 off on the answer, and most people were about 4 to the eighth power away.  I was really proud of myself.  And now... FINALLY... my summer vacation begins.  This is what I worked 12+ hour days for 9 months, put up with cursing, yelling, fighting, whining, and pawing for.  And then there were the problems with the students... hahaha... But seriously... I earned a break.  I have a month until college classes start back up.  I go back to work on September 6 and students show up on September 13.   Until then... I leave Saturday, August 7th, to go to Seattle with my Mom.  (Shout out to my Mom!) THen on The 13th I go back to Idaho, and I fly back here on the 21st.  After that, Cleaning and MaryKay selling is in my schedule, and hopefully a trip to St. Louis sometime to see my Dad. (shout out to Dad too!).  (For everyone else... those shout outs are just to see if my parents really read these like they say they do.)   And tomorrow... Sleep in.. Go to the mall!  Yay!!!   Finally.....rest.....