Q: what do you get when you have 4 vodka drinks and a coffee in one evening? A: me, right now =P  really, i'm fine.  today, being sunday, i was up early for church, however i woke up an hour before my alarm... lucky for me, since being up then allowed me to catch steve klee for the 20 minutes he was on IM from budapest  went to church, was good to be there... pastor preached a good sermon on changing negatives/excuses into positives (e.g. like jeremiah... don't tell God you're too (fill in the blank) to do something when He has the power to equip anyone he chooses to do what He wants.)  after church, mrs. weiss insisted that me and my parents are coming over for dinner in 2 weeks when they're in town to visit... i don't think i've written about the weiss's on here before...  so the first week i went to the church i go to here, this lady handed me her phone number and a note "i'm from the south too [first time visitors are introduced at the start of each service]... call me if you ever want a good home-made dinner"... anyhow, since then this lady (mrs. weiss) and her family have practically adopted me... they have me over for dinner like once a month, send me home with lots of leftovers each time, give me presents for holidays, etc... they have 3 kids: steve (my age, married to kassandra... more on them in a second, who live closer to my house), scott, and stephanie (scott and steph both live at home still... scott's my brother's age... steph is a HS senior this year)  anyhow, steve and kassandra are great... they're my age, and have been married 2 years, and are just fun to be with... they're both friendly in a way that you don't feel like a 3rd wheel when you hang out with them... kassandra's from switzerland too, so the whole europe thing is really cool... she works on sunday morning's though, so steve's one of the first people i see at church every sunday.  anyhow, steve and kassandra were planning to go to applebees to watch the game tonight and insisted i should come with... we ended up going to one only 10 miles away from the PA/NJ border since it was boasting a big party w/ lots of discounted stuff and free prize giveaways... i actually got pretty good at the "will the next play be run or pass?" betting, and won myself 2 free t-shirts and 2 free keychains =)... all alcohol propaganda of various denominations, but free stuff is always fun.  the two drink specials of the night were patriot something or another and panther punch (lemonade, vodka, and some crazy blue stuff)... each of us had 3 or 4 (can't remember) of the panther stuff... cleared out a lot of nachos shrimp and other fun stuff too...  the game was intense... if you didn't watch, with 4 seconds remaining the game was tied... the panthers got the second longest drive in super bowl history (95 yards) and the new record longest completed pass (85 yards) in super bowl history... but it wasn't enough... the patriots got a field goal in the last few seconds and it ended 32-29... unfortunate b/c i really don't like them... (a) they beat TN a couple weeks ago, and (b) they're not southern.  oh well, it was one of the best games i've ever seen, even if the wrong team won.  so i had a 45 minute drive back up to my corner of jersey, and scott had called during the game, so i called back on my drive home... he and colleen were at the diner they hang out at, and he said i should totally stop by... buy the time i was that far i decided i really needed a coffee to counteract the 3/4 vodkas energy-wise (alcohol just makes me feel tired), so i stopped, got a coffee i loaded up with sugar... hung out for 45 minutes while they did homework, and we chatted, and now i'm home...  just convinced eric he wants to go look at stars with me (yay!)... it's not as if i'm falling asleep anytime soon!  later y'all! do freakin dah.