It's quite a bit harder to blog while travelling than I imagined--so you'll have to wait for the polished version of the trip .... but here's something I wrote last night:    Riding through the Wind River Indian Reservation  It’s almost 10 at night, and we’re listening to a 7 CD compilation of music from the 70s. More about music and driving later. We’ve seen a lot of references to the Native Americans as we’ve travelled through this country. The Nez Perce seem to have been all over this inland Northwest area—we stopped at Chief Timothy bridge in eastern Washington, and he was a Nez Perce leader. The Lolo path was is a Nez Perce path, and it goes through large parts of the Nez Perce reservation. The Nez Perce seem to have put up a great deal of information about their history, sometimes in the same places as the monuments put up to Lewis and Clark. A day later we were in Eastern Idaho, near Yellowstone, and saw historical markers noting aspects of the Nez Perce Wars of the 1870s.  These markers reflect the varying norms of the times and cultures that put them up. On one marker—actually about the completion of the northern railroad—it was blandly noted that settlers on the west coast were anxious to have the railroad completed so that they could defend themselves better against “hostile natives.” Someone had crossed that phrase out, and replaced it with “indigenous peoples.”  I don’t know anything about this reservation, but will hopefully find out more tomorrow, as we arre planning on staying in Riverton, which is in the middle of the reservation. It looks fairly dry—sage bush plateau.   The countryside that we’ve left behind was just spectacular—a reason in itself for this trip, setting aside the move to New York. We started outside of Butte. We couldn’t find a diner with a shady parking space for Moritz, so we drove a ways before we gave up and found a Safeway and bougjht breakfast supplies which we ate on the parking lot. It’s actually pretty much just as good as breakfast in a diner, and probably healthier.   After our parking lot breakfast, we shot down toward Idaho Falls. It was kind of humiliating to return to Idaho on the third day of our trip (I mean it is just one state over, and we’re trying to cross the country!), but we wanted to skirt Yellowstone and approach the Grand Tetons from the West.   On the way, we ended up in the sand dunes of eastern Idaho. Seriously—they’re like sand dunes you’ld find in a desert. Moritz jumped out and ran around, but apparently decided it wasn’t that interesting, beaause he returned to the car and waited by the back door, happy to get back to his bed. We think the sand might have been too hot for his paws. But it was also of limited interest.   By this point we were off the Interstate. We headed toward the Grand Tetons from the east, through absolutely charming towns like “Tetonia.” Unfortunatley, there seems to be unlimited development in these towns, and they’re putting up track housing of various pricing categories in all the meadows and fields beneath the majestic mountains. We then went over the extraordinary Teton pass (over 9000 feet) and descended into Jackson.   Jackson was jam packed with tourists from all over the world. It sets the bar for all the little towns like Joseph that are trying to develop an economy based on tourism, art, and nature. There are blocks and blocks of faux Western buildings filled with western art, clothes, and tony restaurants.   Not suprisingly, there was also a bookstore that sold the New York Times there, so I got today’s. They didn’t even charge a surcharge (yesterday I paid $2 in Missoula, and in Walla Walla, we’re paying $1.25). And the cashier just called it “the Times,” not “the New York times.”  WE ate at “the Bunnery,” which was recommended in “Let’s Go.” They let us bring the dog to the patio.  Ivan and I both had buffalo burgers.  After Jackson, we decided to go north through Dubois to Riverton. We drove through the Grand Teton national forest, and then went East. Hard to do justice to how beautiful the countryside is. We ended up crossing anoher pass that was nearly 10,000 feet.      This is sent to you from "The Grounds" in downtown Laramie, Wyoming