I have taken this diary directly from the   urlLink VSO website  . It highlights the issues that other countries have in regards to education. Andrew Lincoln is a very attractive actor who played the part of "Simon" a young and reckless English teacher in the Channel 4 series   "Teachers".      Read what happened when Andrew Lincoln, from Channel 4's Teachers was invited to Ghana by VSO to experience at first-hand the real work of VSO teachers and their colleagues, as part of the Valuing Teachers campaign.  Popping a couple of immodium in to my mouth and feeling decidedly worse for wear, I took a slug of water and squinted along the horizon. As the Land Rover hit another pot-hole I winced and turned to Katrina in the back."How many VSO's does it take to fix a light bulb?"The reply was cautious."I don't know. How many VSO's does it take to fix a light bulb?"I stifled a belch,"What light bulb?"I had just spent the night deep under cover in the African bush with two volunteers Ross and Steve. They had no electricity, no running water and a hole in the ground that bore only the slightest resemblance to a toilet.We were driving along one of the worst stretches of roads in the upper west region of Ghana. We'd travelled over 2000 miles, visited five schools, met and shared beers with more than 20 volunteers and had very little sleep. I was coming to the end of one of the exhilarating, awe-inspiring and profound weeks of my life.The idea for the trip had formed two months earlier in the twisted imagination of VSO. The theory was this; the anti-authoritarian but passionate character I play in the Channel 4 series, Teachers mirrored the type of volunteer teacher that VSO recruits to work overseas. Even the pub scenes were apparently identical to the conversations being had by VSOs all over the world, just with warmer beer, more mosquitoes and the occasional power cut.That being the case, I was invited to experience first hand what being a volunteer means. It was tenuous but I was intrigued.Then I discovered that a friend I hadn't seen for three years and the daughter of my mother's oldest and dearest friend was stationed in Ghana and had been teaching English for VSO for a year and a half.News quickly reached me that my friend Laura Smith was in one of the remotest placements VSO had, the Upper West region of Ghana in a tiny village called Kaleo Wa. It would take two days to reach her by car as internal flights were reserved for government officials and big business - Don't they know who I am?Filming flew by and before I knew it I was standing in the Ghanaian embassy waiting for my visa. The wait would have been a little less tedious if the official behind the counter hadn't have found my real name, Clutterbuck so ridiculously amusing. My sense of humour had temporarily failed due to the dull pain in both my arms from the five injections I'd received the day before. I felt like a walking pin cushion.So, at 10.00 pm, I lay in bed the night before my African adventure. My mosquito repellant, factor 28 sunblock and Lynx deodorant (African scent of course) already packed, I began my diary. Just so you know, I'd bought a very nice albeit quite camp travel journal to log the journey.All the volunteers without fail thought it was the funniest thing they'd ever seen, but undeterred, I stuck to my guns and would excuse myself every night at a civilized hour, retire to my bedroom and record the day. Well that's my story and I'm sticking to it.  Saturday 19 January My nerves have set in and I'm finding it difficult to sleep. Just watched a fascinating and frank VSO tape about Ghana.Modern day Ghana makes for unsettling reading. In a country where over 60% of the population are subsistence farmers, most of the spending seems to be focused in urban areas. Here are a selection of other facts that shocked me:  enrolment in primary education - Ghana 43.4%, UK 99.9%  public expenditure on health - Ghana $4 per capita, UK $1,366 per capita  50% of deaths in Ghana are children in a population where 20% are children. Most of the deaths are preventable diseases ie malaria  200 people are infected with the HIV virus every day.  That's a conservative estimate foreign aid to Ghana - $38 per capita.  Ghana's external debt - $360 per capita   With all of these crippling facts it comes as no surprise that there are many non-governmental organisations operating in Ghana today. They are all principally focused on development of agriculture, education and health.All of my exposure to workers in charities over the past few weeks has inspired me. I've entered through doorways into vast bunkers, with people working for very little pay, some for no pay at all on phone lines, postal deliveries, advertising and education. There is a resolve, responsibility, fierce determination and quiet pride in all of the people I have met.This is going to be an extraordinary experience. Who knows that the next few days will hold. I feel humbled and ignorant, probably the perfect place to learn and hopefully begin to understand a country I have probably spoken about a handful of times in my 28 years.Bring it on!  Sunday 20th January Before boarding the plane I buy a bottle of Gordons Gin, the suggested present for the Chief of Kaleo Wa. I thought the picture of the Beefeater was a nice touch.On the flight out, I sat next to Charles, a business man who worked for Ashanti Gold in Kumasi. Every five or so minutes during the showing of Captain Corelli's Mandolin he would take his earphones off and tell me about his country. I learnt about its geography, economy, the forty or more tribes and even a few phrases in Twi the major language spoken in Ghana. Despite this, I was still able to follow the film.Oh, my word! The heat! As I walked down the steps on to the tarmac my brain naturally justified the warmth as heat emitted from the engine. But as I walked further away it became hotter, wetter and more smothering. It was 28°C, so humid you could feel water droplets in the air, and 10.30 pm Ghana time.The airport was chaos. I attached myself, or rather, a porter attached himself to me at baggage collection. I had suddenly become ridiculously over-excited. Every time I've been to Africa in the past the energy of the place and its people intoxicated me and this was no exception. My friend from London, Chewy, while working with him in a play called Blue Orange had taught me the West African handshake. This involves a normal shake - usually held for a lot longer in Ghana - then a slow drag away of the hands and finally a click of both greeters index fingers - very cool to watch and do!What with the handshake coupled with the fact that it's an insult to not stop and chat if someone introduces himself to you, progress out of the airport was slow.Still buzzing from the airport. I got chatting to Peter our cab driver. Mid conversation and music pumping from the tape player, I asked if this was the latest sound in Ghana. He looked at me a little confused and said, "It's Craig David".  Monday 21st January Could have slept for four more hours as morning came quickly. After sharing an omelette with Liba Taylor, our freelance photographer (a seasoned traveller she can sleep anywhere, anytime, anyplace) we head off to another charity, Plan International's, headquarters.I have been sponsoring a child with Plan International and I had called them in London to let them know I was going to visit Ghana. I was keen to see some of their work there too and had arranged to spend a day visiting a community they work in 2- 3 hours from Accra.It was an incredible day that gave me a good introduction to Ghana before my journey up north with VSO. Even in that one day, I felt all of my preconceived ideas about rural Africa were dispelled. We went to a school in Asesewa run by an incredible man Mr Charles Na. After obtaining a masters degree he became an MP, and during this time he was arrested and put into a detention centre. On release he returned home to found the secondary school I was now visiting.The school children were amazing. Not only did the students work extremely hard at home they were also conscientious at school and seemed to generally relish learning. Some of the essays I read put my English to shame, one girl wrote of the "dream light of literature", - unbelievable - a budding Sylvia Plath in the making.That evening back in Accra, we met up with three VSO volunteers working in the capital. Solomon Ezobi, a Nigerian volunteer was working as he put it "with the government". I think it had something to do with accounting and taxes, and looked to be a position of great importance and responsibility. Jane Grier was a management advisor working with the disabled in Accra. She had been campaigning for equal rights for her students and had succeeded in forming a united union of all disability organisations which had strengthened their cause.Finally there was Michelle Banks from Australia. She was training social workers at the University of Ghana.After eating a superb meal in one of Accra's fanciest hotels, the conversation leapt from economy to culture to human rights and I realized how committed, and passionate they were.Tiredness eventually set in and, as we were going to be up early the next day, we said our goodbyes. I promised I wouldn't tell any other VSOs where we'd eaten. Of course one of the first things I said on meeting a new volunteer was "You'll never guess where we went for a meal with the guys in Accra".  Tuesday 22nd January Woke up at 7.15 am to the sound of a gospel tune being sung by the cleaning lady. Breakfast was a subdued affair, as Katrina, Liba and myself were still a little jaded from a hectic day in the field and one too may Star beers. Our VSO driver and guide for the trip Kwesi (pronounced as if Emma Fudd were saying crazy) arrived at 8 o'clock and after a mad flurry of packing bags and loading the Land Rover we were away. Before hitting the road we stopped to change some money. The currency in Ghana is hilarious, the exchange rate in Sterling is 10,000 cedis to the pound and the largest denomination is the 5,000 cedis note! So when I left the bureau de change with a bag full of money it looked like I'd robbed the place. (You need a Del Boy wedge to buy a bottled water in this country!)Travelling up country was visually intoxicating. A barrage of noise and bright colours in Accra merges into tropical villages each having their own speciality produce. Palm oil, coconuts, bananas, oranges, pineapple and finally a village full of coffins! Goats and pigs wander lazily across the road. Vultures fly overhead and all the time women carrying huge pots full of water for miles without spilling a drop.Possibly because there is next to no tourism and Ghana has never been involved in any major conflict you feel you can instantly connect with the people. People are quick to smile. This automatically has the effect of releasing my London blinkers and I drink in all the noise, colours, smells and textures on the journey up.This sensory hypnotism is broken when Kwesi hears some dreadful news. The Ghanaian football team (the Blackstars) drew their first game in the African Nations football tournament with Morocco. Their star player has been given his marching orders for dissent. Kwesi was visibly shaken so I try to convince him that youthful ambition will conquer experience every time and besides South Africa (their next opponent) are past it. I don't think he believes me.During the eight hour drive to our overnight stop in Sunyani I manage to sleep, I'm getting the hang of this international travel lark. In the evening another local volunteer emerges from the bush to join us for a drink.Cherish Ocampo is a charming 28 year old Philippino, teaching wildlife biology at the local college. She arrived in Ghana on the evening of September 11th. She was shy at first but after a while revealed a wonderful sense of humour, great independence and courage. Cherish was the only woman on the teaching staff at the college in and she spoke of initial teething problems and a self confessed weakness in speaking English. I realized quickly that the latter was false modesty.My pathological fear of anything that could eat, bite or sting me, led us on the topic of snakes. Cherish's eyes lit up. It transpired that the school gardeners had found a few cobras in the school grounds and given them to Cherish to start a school collection to use for demonstrations in class."Where do you keep them?" I asked."In a home made glass tank", Cherish replied."Are they difficult to look after? What do you feed them?"Cherish looked up with a cheeky glint in her eye."I haven't fed them anything so far. All but one have died!"There was a slightly surreal pause as I wondered where to go with the conversation. I decided to make a joke of it."What a shame - I suppose you could always stuff them?" I offered with a laugh.There was another polite pause. "Yes. Taxidermy's not until next term though." I looked, she was deadly serious.I think I've fallen in love. Night. Night!  Wednesday 23rd January Woken up by Kwesi on the phone after sleeping in. Had a quick cold shower, grabbed a banana and we were heading north by 8.00 o'clock.The journey to Wa in the upper west region saw a marked change in scenery, from relatively lush vegetation to arid and barren. The poverty levels dropped accordingly. We stopped in Baboi, a tiny village about mid way through journey. It felt like real undiscovered Africa. In a food stall called a Chop Shop we saw the native dish fufu being prepared. A yam (like a non sweet sweet potato) is boiled and then pounded until it reaches a dough like consistency. It's served with stew and eaten with fingers, without chewing. The stew that was being prepared looked like plantain and black coffee. I was a bit of a hit with the village drunk who wanted a map of London. I left him puzzling over the detailed plan I'd knocked up of the one way system round Archway. We then set off on a three hour stretch along a dusty, red and extremely bumpy dirt track that Kwesi christened "the dancing road".After what seemed like an eternity we made it to Wa, where I was to meet my friend Laura. A reception committee was waiting. Laura greeted me with a huge smile and hug and introduced me to her fellow volunteers Ross, Steve, and Suzanne. She looked so well and happy and exuded a warmth and confidence that was fast becoming a trait in all volunteers I'd met.An inter-school football match between Kaleo Wa and Nandom Community School had been arranged for our arrival, so without a second to lose we piled in the Land Rover and drove to the school.Little did I realise that I was booked to play in the match, as the VSO volunteer for Nandom school Mike was already changed in to his strip - Manchester United! Before the match began, it was speech time again. I thanked the teachers and students for the wonderfully warm welcome, pleaded with the Nandom lads to go easy on me and made a cheeky gag about hopefully scoring more goals than the Ghanaian football team. Okay, so it didn't bring the house down!Laura then gave an inspirational speech about fair play. She understood that there was a history between the schools (the last fixture had been a blood bath) but she hoped that our visitors would be treated to a superb exhibition of football. Mike leant over and whispered to me, "We'll see - the coach has just told them to play like your opposite number has just killed your brother".After a little coercion and a bowl of pito (locally brewed beer that tasted like sour scrumpy) I stepped on to the pitch in my Kaleo colours, yellow and green. I ran around like a maniac for five minutes then recieved a bruising tackle for my troubles. With my lungs on fire and realising I should quit smoking I called out to Laura, "Too hot, too bumpy, too old".The Nandom boys were definitely the stronger team. We managed to squeeze a 0-0 draw. I like to think this was due to me shoring up the mid-field, but I think it had more to do with the Kaleo girls singing and dancing provocatively in our goal mouth. Nandom was an all boys school.Shattered, but secretly quite proud of my performance we headed back to Uplands Hotel in Wa. Even more VSO's were waiting for us in the restaurant under the stars. There are 84 volunteers in Ghana, around half working in education. Was I going to meet them all? Talk slipped from food, to education on to illness. Suzanne who arrived a vegetarian, was eating chicken within a week and had quickly graduated to dog. Apparently the best meat is just beneath the skin so you have to put up with a bit of hair if you want the best.There's a refreshing humility and unaffected openness among the volunteers, and they all have a genuine love of the land and its people.Despite the frustrations, principally the lack of materials, all of the teachers are meeting the challenge. Laura, or should I say Miss Laura (as she is known here) has integrated remarkably well. In the year and a half of being here she has taught herself the local tribal language of Dagaare and has an ease of manner and strength that is truly African.  Thursday 24th January For the first time this trip I wake up before Kwesi. I'm assuming it was around 6.00 am. I walked from my room under a mango tree in the muted, misty light of an African dawn. I was alone and the moment was golden. There is something unique about Africa when it wakes up, it is the pensive face of a country that is almost always, boisterous exuberant and gregarious and it is divine.The gang and I went to pick up Laura and Suzanne from Kaleo Wa and we headed into the school to meet the teaching staff and then on to the chief. He is the paramount chief in the region, Naa Bannaamwini Sandu. As we filed into his palace to greet him, I started to feel more than a little nervous. Laura had taught me a respectful greeting in the tribal language and I'd spent most of the morning practising. I had that opening night feeling as I wondered if I would remember it."Ansomah AAY Obesoum".I remembered the first word by that great British lingerie retailer Ann Summers. The second word of agreement is spoken as it looks but imagine you're the Fonz. Ridiculous but it worked and the meeting turned out to be both a moving and funny encounter.Then came the lessons. Just being in a classroom as a student, reverted me back to a sniggering disruptive idiot until I was quickly chastised by Laura.Watching Laura and Suzanne at work with the students was magical. In the stifling heat were two English girls in traditional blue and white Ghanaian dress playing literary bingo and demonstrating solar eclipses with a football and an orange.Walking back with Laura after taking pito with the other masters, I asked her what it was like living and working in Ghana. She said "It's a gift. I feel like I have found a second family and the thought of leaving makes me very sad".Speaking to Mr. John one of the maths teachers at Kaleo Secondary School during lunch, he said of Laura, "We love her! She speaks our native tongue, respects and practises our customs and is a wonderful teacher".Another teacher had entered the lunch gathering and without a seconds hesitation Suzanne had brought him a glass of water. "You see," John enthused, "this is why we love these girls! In our custom, when a stranger enters our house we bring them water".Lunch was prepared by the home economics teacher and it was delicious, spicy beef stew and rice. I watched as Laura squatted on the floor and ate her meal with her fingers, chatting to her colleagues in Dagaare. A moving farewell from the teaching staff followed a last embrace with Laura and we were off. There was just not enough time, I could have stayed for weeks.Next stop was Lassia to spend the night in the bush with Ross and Steve, physics and maths teachers respectively in the local boarding school.On the journey over Kwesi and I attempt to follow the Ghana South African match but the deeper we enter the bush the worse the reception. As we arrive at the boys place we grab the first child we can find and discover the rest was another no score draw.Kwesi is mortified. When he leaves me in the bush, his posture is of a man defeated. I suggest the reason Ghana can't score is because we need to find a TV to watch them on instead of messing around in the remotest regions of Africa. He says "You know you could be right". I say "Of course I'm right. Your country needs you".That evening, I have my first experience of preparing fufu with Abigail and Patricia, two students at Ross and Steve's school. It's exhausting work, while one pounds, the other turns the yam on the upstroke. Abigail gives me a couple of stern looks that I understand as, "My fingers are quite precious to me" so I retire and leave it to the experts.Throughout the meal and the rest of the evening we receive a lot of visitors. Some of the students break the boarders curfew to see the new white man. A couple of lads, that I took an instant shine to were Rodney and Andrew a latter day Butch and Sundance coming to offload their problems with the fairer sex - FANTASTIC!This is no lie, it is 11 o'clock. I'm in a box room with no furniture, lying on a makeshift bed made from bamboo, foam and cowhide. It is baking hot, an evil looking spider is watching me and about a mile away a funeral is in progress. Just so you know, a funeral is a bigger celebration than a marriage, namely more drums and louder singing because the bigger the celebration, the easier the journey to the after life.I joked to friends before I left, "Africa, the damned heat and those incessant drums!" I should know now never to tempt fate.Seriously this place is incredible. I feel so peaceful, inspired and bewitched by this country and its people. It too is going to make me very sad to leave.  Friday 25th January Woken up the old fashioned way by a cockerel. Unfortunately this particular one had absolutely no concept of time, it's four in the morning. I staggered to the toilet in the pitch black guided by a sense of smell. It wasn't difficult to find as it was a long drop lavatory that ripened as the hours wore on. Fortunately I was able to sleep again and was woken up at a more civilised hour by a cacophony of pigs. I ladelled water from the bin in the courtyard for my shower, a bin that cleverly would warm the water through the suns rays. I had a cold shower. Unfortunately - the sun hadn't yet risen.Before Kwesi and the girls picked me up Ross took me on a tour of his school. The thing that stayed with me was the dormitories. In a room about 10 feet long there were six bunk beds and I saw that bedding was thrown down on the remaining floor space. Fourteen children in one tiny sweatbox.The students washed outside in the courtyard and cleaned and ironed their clothes themselves. Despite these facts, everyone looked immaculate in their pink and brown uniforms.I was touched to find Rodney and Andrew waiting to say good-bye when I returned to Ross and Steve's house. Rodney was wearing an old seventies style school tracksuit top with his name stencilled in gold on the back - (Jarvis Cocker eat your heart out). The boys showed me a variation on the West African handshake which involved touching your heart after the click and I felt honoured.We were back on the road for the final stop with Jo and Jenna in Tumu. On the way, something strange happened. Deep in a bush, we saw twenty or so children painted as skeletons standing still looking at us. Some of them held their hands akimbo and started shaking. Kwesi turned to us and said, "There are some things in Africa you will never know about". He told me that Fetishism was widespread and this was an annual celebration of the dead.Sophia and Laura from Jaripa insisted that we stop for lunch and a quick tour of their school, St Francis Catholic school for girls. Out of all the schools we visited, this was the best equipped , but there were four classes without teachers. Unlike in England, where all hell breaks loose, when a teacher doesn't turn up here, the students teach themselves. An incredible sight. Although, the reasons behind this provoke some serious questions.During lunch in a local chop shop, where we sat in the dirt eating rice and stew with our hands I looked around at some of the of the worst images of poverty I've ever seen. We then left Sophia in the midldle of the market to haggle over some vegetables and headed out along another terrible road to Tumu, the poorest town in the region and our final destination.No sooner had we reached the girls Jo and Jenna in Tumu, we were rushing off to an after schools AIDS awareness club.The enthusiasm, humour and confidence of the kids was infectious and my tiredness soon evaporated. Midway through the club, Jo dragged me away to a teacher versus students volleyball match. In the late afternoon light, my favourite hour of the day, a war was waged across that volleyball pitch, a conflict I had never hitherto witnessed on any sporting arena.Tensions grew. After several terrible calls, each one punctuated by a furious peep on his whistle, the umpire made one too many gaffs for Gabriel, the captain of my team. He flipped and a torrent of abuse broke forth, resulting in the umpire, who was also now at breaking point, thrusting the whistle at Gabriel screaming, "Take my whistle! Take my whistle!"Gabriel was apoplectic but soon found his defiant and dignified retort."I don't want your whistle," he said disparagingly."I want justice."Brilliant. I was bent double crying with laughter at this point. I quickly realised however that this was a serious comment. Needless to say we won the match three sets to nil.Supper consisted of chilli chicken. And when I say chicken I mean every single part of the chicken. There had been a power cut, so we resorted to the "touch and try" approach to determine the anatomy of the part we'd chosen. Jenna had a well-practised technique which involved a swift and thorough massage of the meat. I likened the experience to a scene in the Deer Hunter calling it Chicken Roulette.Tiredness was getting the better of me but on the way home by torchlight I insisted we search down a black mamba or at the very least a cobra.The girls humoured me but the hunt lasted all of ten minutes and before I knew it I was face down in my bed, being rocked to sleep by Louis Armstrong's "We have all the time in the world". If only that were the case.The two day journey back to Accra was a calm and relaxed affair in comparison to the previous five days. Throughout the whole journey, the soundtrack playing in the Land Rover was Daddy Lumba, the most successful Ghanaian recording artist around. He played a style of music not dissimilar to reggae but more upbeat, a style called High Life. By the end of our whistle stop tour, I knew pretty much all the words to Daddy's new hit album, Poison! In particular the controversial song, One One One, Six Six Six. It had generated a wave of moral outrage because Lumba had ambiguously transplanted the word sex for six. I of course couldn't wait for each chorus and belted it out with Kwesi everywhere we went.My thoughts, as quickly as they came left my head, and many times I caught myself with tears rolling down my cheeks. The tears were not borne out of pity (or out of Ghana's lack of goals in the Africa Nations Cup) but more of inspiration, and a recognition that I had discovered something in this country's people that I had lost, or maybe mislaid.This is a country and people who need our support but not our pity. There are many qualities in Ghanaians that I believe we could aspire to back home. An extraordinary sense of family seems to underpin every facet of Ghanaian life, something that in our urban centres doesn't seem to highly prized. But my overriding sense of Ghanaians as a race is one of optimism coupled with kindness and gentleness.The other education I received during this trip was regarding charities and specifically VSO. There was a cynicism and distrust within me that money and aid wasn't actually reaching the people who needed it. This was completely dispelled on my trip to Africa. I also had a preconceived idea that VSO was just something people did instead of backpacking around Thailand. How wrong I was proved to be.The VSOs are sent to the most deprived and poverty stricken areas of Ghana, filling teaching placements where degree holding Ghanaians rarely wish to be posted. The principal reason for this lack of enthusiasm is poor pay, terrible accommodation and cultural differences, for example if a teacher from the south of Ghana is coming to live and work in the north.VSO is launching a Valuing Teachers campaign to highlight exactly this problem. It calls for governments to include teachers needs in their plans to improve delivery of education - it's difficult to be a motivated teacher if you're living below the poverty line in a school with no support or management.In spite of the poor pay and often challenging work conditions most of the Ghanaian teachers I met were amazing, both inspirational and pragmatic. The extraordinary Mr Charles Na from Assewa and of course the enthusiastic and brilliant Mr John Vianney Kubara from Kaleo Wa. Both highly educated and courageous men who made the trip back home to support and educate their villages in spite of more lucrative job opportunities elsewhere.I saw people living in the solution rather than the problem, and a sense of optimism pervading the whole community. Yes there were some children who were malnourished, and we saw incredible signs of poverty, but those images of despair we're so used to seeing in the West were replaced by a positivity we don't normally see. The people I met were optimistic and generous, facing harsh living conditions with dignity and most of all humour. I can't wait to go back.  Copyright: Andrew Lincoln/VSOPhotographs: Liba TaylorDisclaimer: The views expressed in this diary are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of VSO. VSO is not responsible for any factual inaccuracies in the diary.