My flatmate is the sports editor for the local paper, and she's found a few items close to home as a good sources for a small column called  'Parade - The Lighter Side'  in the daily newspaper... it makes me laugh that my clutziness can make the papers quite anonymously!
  Mince decor...  The supposedly simple task of cooking rissoles turned out to be a major operation for one budding Bathurst chef this week. He avoided the usual hurdle of setting off the smoke alarms, but that was almost as much success as he found. Mince ended up all over the kitchen following what he described as "an explosion" and to make matters worse the spoon he was using just happened to fall on the floor, adding an extra dimension to the new "mince decor". However, like any good cook, the menacing mince was cleaned up afterwards and the meal (as of yet) has not claimed any victims. 
 
  Sea sick!...  Being an inland city, one of the last afflictions one could expect to suffer in Bathurst would be sea sickness. However, this was the case for one Bathurst resident as he started to feel queasy when sitting at home watching old sailing videos. Filmed by an amateur, the vision conveyed that rolling feeling one gets while on the water. After discovering that the sick feeling was not merely hunger pains but sea sickness, the Bathurst resident, a former sailor, could only laugh at himself. 
 
  Wedding song?...   (I wonder who's sons these could be...? lol)  Three brothers were heard on Saturday singing was obviously their new favourite song - "Here comes the bride, all dressed in slime". The youngest of the three suggested that maybe they sing it to their mother when she gets married, but the older showed a wise head as he retorted: "Oh no, you would be in so much trouble if you did that." 
 
 Here's a story (that is  not  me, alright?! lol) from a recent Parade...  Loser...  As a female shopper exited the Campbelltown K-Mart in Queen Street, a man grabbed her purse and ran. A shop assistant at K-Mart called the police immediately and the woman was able to give them a detailed description of the snatcher. Within minutes, the police had apprehended the snatcher, trying to mingle in the shopping crowd on Queen Street. They put him in the car and drove back to K-Mart. The thief was then taken out of the car and up to the K-Mart front desk and told to stand there for a positive ID. To which he replied: "Yes, officer, that's her. That's the lady I stole the purse from." 
 
    Cyalayta  Mal  :o)    urlLink Email  / 
  Pic   /  urlLink Go Home