What. The. Fuck.   This week sucks, beyond words. Jolanda is pissed for no APPARENT reason, and this time it's a co-hate thing. Co-hate? Okay, so I can't think of a word. Instead of hating on me alone, she must drag Efrain in this mess. Go Jolanda. You're smart. I don't know, maybe she thought, "Hey, maybe he'll pick my side instead of Cheermerlyn's!" She even showed him back something he said to me, which was "I'll always be on your side." Right. He is, my dear. In fact, all week in this mess, he's been my sanity. As usual.   We switched seats in History, and I sit in front of him. Um, let's say no work ever gets accomplished between the two of us. On the bright side, I got a flat C- on my final (for history), and managed a solid A. Rock on, chica. I simply can't be bothered with studying. Honestly, I did crappy on the first day of finals (except English), because I  studied . Second day, I got stressed, and decided to screw myself over, and managed an A in French, B in Biology, and A+ in Computers. I so win at life.   Although, my grades are definitely not up to par as to last year. Sucks greatly. =|. Damn. So anyway, Guria and I have started this journal-type thing called "The Chronicles". It's awesome, and so similar to what Jenny and her best friend does, that I want to puke. Well, it's still awesome, but ew. Something similar to Jenny? No, okay?   So, French. Damn. Efrain got switched out of our group. Sadness. Or not. I mean, I'm kind of disappointed but not as much as I thought. Whatever. I honestly stopped caring. I feel so incredibly bad towards Clara nowadays. I suck up Efrain's time beyond belief. She usually talks to him after second period, blah blah, and I usually get irritated. Heather, Laura, and I were just talking to him. Clara just came up next to us, and gave us funny looks. Actually, she was doing that during class when I sat near her, because we were planning for our groups. Um. Okay. Plus, ever since Desirae has gotten Kayla (softball player friend of her's, who is also friends with Clara) to eat lunch with her, Clara hangs out at our spot too. I'm just trying not to make conversation with her. Or any eye contact at all, believe it or not. I'm really paranoid about things like that.   Yes, I am such a freak. :]