Okay, I'm sorry that these blogs have been so serious and intense.  Blogging is the best because I can gripe about the state of our country's ignorance in one post and talk about videogames in another.    Which brings me to my 4th blog today:  the biggest travesty in videogaming as I know it thusfar.  The game I'd like to talk about is   Medal of Honor: Rising Sun  .  I don't care what system you play it on (I own the PS2 version myself), but this game didn't get a fair shake from the moment that it was released.    If you check out www.gamerankings.com, type in the title of this game and check out the results for yourself.  Game Rankings is a great site that takes review scores for a certain game and averages them all together to come up with an average score.  The average score for Rising Sun was a paltry 68%; a mediocre game at best.  As a fan of the Medal of Honor games (for the Playstation 1 and Playstation 2), I eagerly waited for this game to come down to $19.99 before buying it.  Hey I'm a fan of the series, but I'm not a rich one.  I finally bought it on Ebay two weeks ago for $17 and when I played it, I was blown away by how unfairly this game was treated by the media.  They complained that the game felt too controlled by the levels in the sense that they were progressing on rails, meaning that they couldn't wander off course at any given point.  There was also a lot of flack given for the game's graphics and the AI of the enemy soldiers.  After playing this game for over a week now and as a lifelong fan of the Medal of Honor franchise, this game did not let me down by any means, and I feel that it got a bum rap.  As an unemployed and engaged teacher, my time is quite limited and I don't have time to get lost in games that take place in these huge worlds where I get to create my own path.  Not for nothing, but who the hell would want the ability to go off the beaten path while fighting in the Pacific countries during WWII, especially if you're an American solider?  If you wander around in the jungle, you're going to find more jungle...and snakes.  Big, poisonous snakes that would eat you and your family of six for breakfast after your limbs fall off from one drop of snake venom.  Thanks, but no thanks.  My army arse is going right where my commanding officer sends me.  Also, with a game that tells me where to go and what I need to do, I can eliminate a lot of the guessing games that make me wonder "what the heck do I do next" in so many games these days.  I don't have time for this crap.  Sometimes blowing up bridges and escorting tanks through hostile villages is all I really need.    This brings me to my next point as to why this game got a raw deal:  the graphics.  When you are shooting guns out in the jungle, chances are you are going to be dealing with a lot of trees and other vegetation.  Not only are trees a popular fixture of jungle culture, but dirt and rocks are too.  Sometimes the little rocks get together in a huge pile called a mountain.  In all seriousness, I don't understand how this game is faulted for trying to portray as much of these foreign environments as they can.  It's a solid effort on all levels.    You know what else I love about this game?  The multiplayer levels.  I'm not even talking about online play here, because I hate playing online and getting schooled by 12 year-olds.  I like to look my opponents in the face when I compete against them.  The multiplayer levels in Rising Sun are freaking huge, like at least a square-mile huge.  I can shoot my 10 year-old brother in the face from a mile away in this game!    So regardless of what the media may say about this game (half of the sites that reviewed this game are lucky, L-U-C-K-Y to even be associated with the word "media", this game succeeds in keeping the honor in Medal of Honor.  Thanks to EA Games for showing me what was going on on the other side of the world while we were fighting in Normandy.