Thanks chad,  What a great forum tonight at 2nd congregational church!  The church was very warm, chad's comments and the discussion afterward was very inspiring.  We can build a movement that will counter the far rights dreams of world domination.  We can and we must.  For those who weren't there...  Chad laid out the history of Iraq in the focusing on the 2th century.  He showed how iraq has been a major jewel in the previous empire (England) and the successor empire (US) designs.  He discussed the rise to power of Sadam and the Baathist and the subsequent courting of Sadam by the US government in there war for control of the middle east resources and limitation of Soviet and religious fundamentalist influence.  Then after laying out the terrain, he proposed that the US government is embarking on a path of unilateral domination of world power and resources.  This is a major rejection of the post WWII era which is based on a certian level of international cooperation.  This path also in some ways mimics the era leading up to WWII with the rise of fascism and decline of the league of nations.  Internationally, can we reassert the role of democracy in the inter national sphere?  Can we find ways to work together to address dictatorships and support democratic social change within in these societies? Domestically, can progressives create a message of hope and justice that brings together a majority of the citizens in opposition to the Bush's plans to create police states at home and aboard.  We must.  Great,  I am ready for the next meeting... :-)   Decisions from last peace committee meeting (May 21)  1. go to one forum (second tuesday) and one committee meeting (first wed) a month: 2. Move from yahoo to riseup for email list. 3. Discussed possible topics and locations.  We will focus on different types of locations and geographies. 4. Discussed the three benefit recipients and process for distributing collections:  divided evenly between the three, unless a single recipient is specified.  We decided to collect at each forum as well as the big fundraiser in August. 5. Decided to ask voices in the wilderness for someone to talk at the august fundraiser for our three beneficiaries (Doctors without borders (iraq), military Toxics Project (depleted uranium), and Revolutionary Association of Women of Afghanistan (Afghanistan).  Two versions were discussed:  one with the Indigo girls would be at the Rose Theater at UM and include several local bands.  One without the Indigo Girls would be just our local bands and be located at the Young Ave Deli.   Upcoming Calendar: June 4:  Peace committee meeting. June 10:  Forum (Culture of War/ War as Empire Maintenance) UM Smith Hall room 314 June 13: Peace Potluck July 2:  Peace committee meeting. July 8: Forum (Nuclear Proliferation and the Iraq War)  Java Cabana July 11: Peace Potluck.