We wound up taking mom to the ER, I finally got in touch with her doc, and he wanted her to be seen immediatly.  Phew.  What a relief.  As usual, by the time we got there, mom was a clear as she could be.  It always happens that way.  We take her in, she gets clear, we keep her home, she stays loopy.  Its a no win situation.   They did so many tests on her, its pathetic.  Of course everything was normal.  It always is.   So, I snuck out to the ER desk, and talked to the nurse who was caring for mom.  I told  her everything.  All about her taking to many meds, forgetting she has already taken them, and then taking them again.  Taking a sleeping pill, then 20 minutes later, taking another, and so on until  she finally falls asleep.  Not knowing that it makes her loopy, and she talks to invisible people all night.    The nurse was very sympathetic.  She deals with a mother in law that lives with her doing the same thing.   The nurse, then talked to the doctor about it, and he called mom's regular doctor.  They decided that either they could keep her in the hospital for a few days, and get her meds straight and on a regular basis, OR she could let one of us, (me or Marlena) take her meds over, and only give them to her dose by dose.  Sounded good at the time.   Not now.   I just left their house, I have the meds, and am giving them out morning meds, and evening meds.  Worked fine last night.  I gave mom her meds before I left her house.  Then this morning, before wake up time, my dad is on the doorstep, ringing the doorbell, wanting mom's meds.  Normally, she wakes up around noon.  Not this morning.  7am.  On Tommy's day off.  The ONE DAY A WEEK I CAN SLEEP IN!!!!!!!!!  We make it thru that.  Phew.  Time for night meds.  I send them up,and immediately get a phone call, "I'm supposed to take this one pill 3 times a day"  No, the label says IF NEEDED TAKE UP TO 3 TIMES DAILY.  "well, I need it 3 times a day"  How do you know you need it 3 times a day?    Ok, that settled.   10 minutes later, phone again.  "where is this pill?, and what is this pink pill?"   You don't have a pink pill mom, "well, this one right here is pink, come up here and bring all my pills so I can go thru them my self. "  Ok, I am cooking supper, it will be after supper.  "well, hurry"     10 minutes after that, phone again, this time it was my son who was at my parents house "nanny says to get up here right now."  Well, fine, I will rush right on up.  So I decide to leave my plate, and go up before eating, so I can enjoy my meal.  WRONG.  My sis is there when I get there, basically, it boils down to the "pink" pill was a white one when it was showed to me, but a yellow pill when it was shown to my sis.  Of course, she thinks I am withholding pills from her, and I get fussed at because I am rushing to get back to my meal.  "how many meals do you think I missed because of you?"  about a million probably.  I walked out the door, with "I love you mom" going over my shoulder.   And I thought I was the child.