I am reminded everyday how God really has my hopes and desires in his mind. Even though it seems like a lonely time, I am reminded of people who do love me a lot. I have had friendship restored and that is such a blessing.  And no matter what I know that Jojo, Jason, and Jose will always be there for me.  What I love about Jason is that he is very motivated: he is studying to be a doctor he said when we were at Grand Canyon that he wasn't going to have a girlfriend until after he graduates med school, and all three of the boys said that but Jason is the only one to follow through. And he is the best shopper ever, I like going to the mall with him so he can tell me what looks good or suggest a new outfit idea, and he calls whenever he is free just to see how I'm doing. Jose: I can always talk to him about whats going on in life and different stuff like that. It hasn't happened recently because he is a busy man now, but we used to have a tradition of seeing each other for Cinco de Mayo and New Year's Eve. My favorite thing to do with him is to go dancing because he is amazing, and even though I can't dance as well as he does he makes me feel like I am the greatest dancer ever. I will never forget the time when all three of them came to Remuda when I was in treatment to have a worship session with me, that was so special. Jojo: he calls me his sister and if I had an older brother I would want him to be like Jojo. We could do everything and anything together and not get bored. I remember at school once where we sat in the piano room for at least three hours, Jojo and I would play worship music or he would teach me a song in his language (Ghanian?). He said that when he gets married he wants the woman's name to be Destiny Eve. Because destiny will bring them together and Eve was the name of the first woman. Jojo called me today and he told me about a dream he had a couple of nights ago: I (Jojo) was studying by the pool and this girl walks up to me and says she's looking for her Jojo. I hadn't told her my name so I thought that was kind of strange. I was trying to study so I really couldn't talk but I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. She then got nervous and asked what I was looking at, I told her "I can't keep my eyes off you!" "What's your name?" She said, "Destiny, my names Destiny." I couldn't hide my joy! After awhile I took her to Cela's house and introduced her to Destiny, well Cela heard that name and started jumping up and down, "your the one!" Even though it was only a dream Jojo says that it gives him a reason to hope. I told him that if he ever does bring Destiny over I think I will either scream or start crying with joy, he said he already knew that. hee hee. I love my three J's, and I am glad that God has kept them in my life.