"Hey, a prisoner on death row escaped in his incredible flying machine!  He's getting away, quick turn on the spotlights and try and find him!"    I can only hope that someday, that is a possibility, just so there can be more spotlights in the sky.  I really don't think there are enough... at least not around here.  I'm sure in Hollywood they have millions of spotlights (of course they are harder to see due to the intense smog and their even more intense governor.)  Around Beaver County, however, these things are pure luxury that comes around ever few years.  Let's see... I remember spotlights for the new Wal-Mart that opened (so they can let everyone know where to protest, of course), there were spotlights when Lowe's opened (I think Lowe's actually sells spotlights, actually...) and the Mall had spotlights years ago when they remodeled it.  And of course we have a spotlight just dedicated to the Beaver County superhero: The Cruiser (he tends to concentrate his powers while sitting in front of his '72 mustang at the county's weekly car cruises...)    There were spotlights in the sky last night.  In a weird twist, they were not only buzzing around to celebrate the opening of a Spider-Man 2, but also to celebrate the opening of a brand new Cinemark movie theater.  Two great reasons to have spotlights in the sky.  My area of Beaver County, which houses the tri-shopping mecca of Wal-Mart plaza, Lowe's Plaza, and the Beaver Valley Mall, is now experiencing its consumer renaissance.   The trend nowadays has moved beyond strip malls, outlets, and indoor malls and has moved to the "shopping village."  It's a set of malls, warehouse stores, and strip outlets along with a movie theater and a ton of over-priced restaurants (the kind that have their walls covered with crazy crap).  And that's when that area becomes known only for its stores.  For example, Robinson Twp, Cranberry, Boardman.  Three huge shopping meccas that I only know because I go there to shop and have a good time.  I have heard rumors that people actually live in these places, going about their daily lives and ignoring the frightening things that are operating right down the street (kind of like the folks that live near the power plant).  Is this the fate of my town and my county?  And really... is that a bad thing?  Last night marked the grand opening of a new Cinemark movie theater in the area.  12 theaters, stadium seating, surround sound, and reasonably priced tickets.  This, of course, beats the pants off of our former theater, which could be described as "malnourished," which had eight theaters, sticky and flat floors, ripped seats, and ticket prices that required you to take out a loan.  Did I mention they only got the "big" movies?  Hopefully our new neighbors at the Mark will be wise enough to get me some juicy independent movies... or at least the new Woody Allen movie coming out this fall.    Now I haven't been to this theater yet, although that will change when I go there tonight, but I hear its pretty nice.  It sits in the newest of the shopping centers in Beaver County.  There is a brand-new Shop n Save and the aforementioned Lowe's right next door.  And they are in the process of building a Starbucks (yes!), a Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Home Depot, and Best Buy all within the next couple years.  We are truly on our way...   and I couldn't be happier about it!  Sure this may bring a tad more traffic, but these things are far enough away from my house that I won't be bothered.  And at the same time, I won't have to drive 30 minutes to get to the stores I love.  Most of the people in Beaver County leave the county to go shopping, and now all of that money will stay here!    And so in conclusion, I welcome you new theater.  I thank you for riding in on a horse that looks and sounds wonderful, for bringing Spider-Man 2 with you (a movie that I've not only been looking forward to, but will totally knock Michael Moore out of the box office), and for further murdering live theatre in Beaver County!