#48  My Sister's Keeper  by Jodi Picoult  Anna is a designer baby, bred specifically to be a genetic match for her older sister who has leukemia. Throughout the years, Anna gives blood, bone marrow, and anything else her sister needs. When her parents ask her to donate a kidney, however, she refuses and sues them for medical emancipation and the right to make her own decisions about her body, upsetting the way things have always been. I really liked the book a lot, and I liked the way it was told from different characters' points of view. Characters (like Anna's mom) who would've been one-dimensional otherwise, were a little more sympathetic. Picoult does a good job of making a case for everyone's opinion about what should happen. I think the end was a major cop-out but not so much that it ruined how much I loved the rest of the book. Recommended.    #49 and #50  Remember Me to Harold Square  and  Thames Doesn't Rhyme With James  by Paula Danziger  I was so bummed about her death that I decided to pull out a couple of her books and re-read them.   Remember Me to Harold Square  was always my favorite, and I was glad to find that it's every bit as sweet and funny and true as I remember.   Thames  was its sequel, and while it wasn't as good as the first, it was still a fun read. I'm sorry my own kids won't be reading new material from Paula some day.    I also finished  Fables Vol. 2: Animal Farm.  It was great. All the non-human Fables decide to begin a revolution with the goal of taking back their homelands, even if it means killing any dissenting Fables who get in their way. The story was even more developed than the first volume and the characters were used wonderfully including some we haven't met before. I actually gasped in surprise twice while reading this, and it's been a while since a comic book made me do that. Everyone in the world should be reading this book.  Everyone.  Yeah, that means you!    So I've now met the community goal of 50 books, but I still have 75 to go if I want to meet my personal goal of 125.      Now playing:  Grace Like Rain , Todd Agnew