Hi..Went to work yesterday and spent the whole day preparing files for a big event, hosted by MFA and IPOS.. Can you believe it? On a saturday?? Haha ok it was fun, met a new friend.. Aunt Carol's daughter, Alex.. She's studying in a Canadian University and came back to Singapore for her summer vacation.. She's an interesting person.. After finishing the files, had to pia straight to Fatty Weng Restaurant.. It's somewhere in Geylang.. Grandparents' wedding anniversary.. How sweet..Aww.. Ok ate a 10-course dinner.. Feeling like a pig now.. Haha those adults sure can drink.. 7 bottles of Carlsberg, 4 bottles of Stout... Me, i only drank a glass of Carlsberg.. At least i'm comforted that i'll be safe and sound with mama around..Lolz.. Reached home about 11 plus.. Had an argument with him.. Couldnt quite remember why.. But anyway he assumed that i was angry and didn't want to go out with him on sunday.. Ok fine.. Woke up on Sunday, went down to makan breakfast..*pig*.. I messaged him and asked whether he wanted to meet.. He replied "I thought you were angry with me so i made plans with mom to help her carry stuff".. *Infuriating*.. Ok fine..I told him to go help his mom instead.. After all, both of us were fillal children. I understand his position that's why i didn't want to trouble him to meet up with me..I'm not unreasonable ok.. Besides we've not met for 2 months.. Will another 1 or 2 more months hurt?  He replied back "But i also miss you. I'm afraid that you'll run away from me..".. Yes, i am tempted to run away from you because i never felt like i was in a relationship before.. You don't come out to meet me and never send me back to my house..only to the mrt station.. It's always me who's initiating meetings and when you finally got the hint that i wasn't going to initiate anymore,you took a more active role in the relationship but what's the use? Ends up we never meet up..When we go out, do you hold my hand? No.. We don't even look like we're together..Do you have somebody else? YOu always deny but why do i keep feeling like there's somebody else besides me in your life?  Hey.. A girl needs security.. Yes i don't like those public displays of affection (PDAs) but can't you at least show some care for your girl? We've been together for close to a year and a half but we've only met like 10 times.. It's so pathetic.. Thinking about it makes me upset.. Why should i even cry about you? You say you need assurance in the relationship, you say you need to be secured that i won't fly away, be with you forever.. This whole relationship is like a 1-way traffic.. If you don't want to take an active role in the relationship, don't blame me for flying away..