Glory Days, Glory Couches   This weekend my girlfriend was out of town and my college roommate came to visit.  This pairing of events made for a brief revisiting of my bachelor days; lazy, smoky, and replete with Chinese food and Pepperidge Farm goldfish.  We watched a lot of DVDs, in fact, that’s about all we did, and in an attempt to somehow justify this sloth, I will use the weekend as fodder for this week's posts.    One of the movies we watched this weekend was  Terminator 3: The Rise of the Machines   and it made me wonder: Has there ever been a time-travel movie that actually makes sense?  It seems that so many of these movies, like T3, simultaneously ask the viewer to suspend disbelief and then also be genuinely awed by some pseudo-scientific plot twist in the third act.  Then there are all the questions of free will that arise, and while T3 pays lip service to such questions, it does no better than either of its stupid, stupid, predecessors.  It has always seemed to me that if time travel is ever actually possible then it would, by its own use, always be possible, making 50 BC and 2050 AD   spatially   proximate; time-space would be reduced to space alone.  Actions would be constantly revisable and, it seems, nothing would mean anything.   Does that make sense?  Maybe not, but it makes more sense than T3.      I watched another stupid movie this weekend,  Die Hard 2: Die Harder   and realized that what had, in 1990 seemed to me an arcane and sophisticated complexity, is really unnecessary complication and convolution.  A lot of action movies, both of these included, fall prey to this tendency.  When I was in high school, I honestly thought I was stupid because I couldn't really follow the plot of  Mission: Impossible  but upon later viewings in more intellectually confident times, I realized that movie makes no goddamn sense.  This begs the question: why make a movie that doesn't make sense?  Or that is unnecessarily complicated?    Of  course I don't know, but it is a common enough practice in a really expensive medium, so I think it is fair to assume that it is intentional; that there is a hope that the reader will appreciate the mention of interesting and/or complex ideas more readily than they will actually accept the invitation to think on those ideas.  (It's worth noting, perhaps that I have been accused, at many points in my life, of overthinking.  This seems an impossible action to me, but maybe that it seems that way to me is only proof that I am, in fact, guilty of the charge.  Every semester,  I receive at least one student evaluation complaining that I am "too philosophical.")  Commercials also rely on this cognitive gap, though with different pretenses.  There was a recent truck commercial in which a gray haired but relatively young man in a twill shirt (demographic flags, I suppose) drove his gas-guzzling, gargantuan pickup by a construction site.  Mistaking his truck for one working on the site, the backhoe dumps a load of dirt in his truckbed.  The intended subtext, I think is "this truck is so good at being a truck that not only will it serve any need for it you might have, if you are using it to enact an authenticity/class guilt fantasy, not even a costruction worker will be able to recognize your fraudulence."  But, really.  That's supposed to trump the fact that this guy is now burdened with a bedful of dirt?  That sounds like a real hassle to me.  Could a backhoe mistakenly filling your vehicle with dirt ever be a good thing?  Why then would I want to buy a truck that advertises the possibility?    This is the sort of thinking that, if I do it too much, makes me really paranoid.  Is mass-media training us not to think?  To find a knee-jerk pleasure in the misfortune of fictional others so powerful that it trumps logic, sympathy and ultimately our own self-interest?   Are we becoming cynical by default?  It used to be that cynicism was the result of disappointment and frustration.  But have the disappointment and frustration simply become assumed?  Fuck.  Where's the  urlLink tin foil ?       (Note: I make no claim of understanding quantum physics.  So if you're pretty sure I've gotten something wrong in the time-travel discussion, set me straight.)