Nothing bad happened today.  Well, nothing catastrophic.  I should never have children.  People contemplating the children-having should first cohabitate with a sibling at least 15-20 years their junior.  Education comes from experience, not from instruction.  When BrotherWatch is in effect, I don't parent.  I cope.  I survive.   Parental Decree #1:  Little brother must sleep on the couch in the basement rec room (adjacent to big brother's living quarters) the night previous to a watch day.  Parents fear that if little brother wakes in his own bed upstairs, and cannot find parents (who are both at work), little brother will panic and run outside and search the neighborhood in his jammies, resulting in guaranteed milk carton picture placement.     Survival Strategy #1:  When in my downstairs domain, the normal bedtime rules no longer apply.  The longer the child stays up, the longer the child sleeps in.  Thus, the longer  I  sleep in.  Last night the turd was fascinated by ice cream manufacture on  Unwrapped  until the wee hours.  Must be a genetic thing.  To my credit, I made him shut it off when Emeril came on.  He slept until 9:47am.  I played dead when he came in and managed to get another hour from him when he crawled into bed beside me.   Parental Decree #2:  Make sure little brother gets breakfast that's breakfast appropriate, lunch around noon, and dinner if we're not home by five.        Survival Strategy #2:  If strategy number one is properly executed, breakfast is unnecessary.  We rouse at lunch.  For lunch, "blue" is your friend.  For dinner, stall.  The turd wanted pancakes for breakfast.  I reminded him of the time I tried to be parental and attempted making pancakes.  "Last time you said my pancakes were the awfullest thing you ever ate.  And besides, it's time for lunch, not breakfast!"    Code blue was then in effect.  Two choices:  the blue box, or the blue can.  Blue box is for when I'm motivated and craving cheese, myself.  I  am  the Macaroni  Master .  Two   years on my own made me a pro.  Blue can is even better, if one can stomach the stench: Vienna Sausages (I loved 'em when I was his age... but now they make me retch).  Today I was unmotivated, so I popped the top, drained the formaldehyde or whatever it is they're soaking in, and cringed in horror for the next twenty minutes while he devoured the whole can.  It's not so bad as long as you're downwind... but the turd likes to suck on them and twirl them in his mouth, and that's just wrong.  The appointed dinnertime (five) rolled around, and I still wasn't particularly inspired to get culinary.  I just kept my mouth shut and hoped for the best, but sure enough, the time was noted and I was summoned: "it's 5:16 and  you  are supposed to make somethin' to eat.   Mom  said."  I ask the turd what he craves.  "Fried b'whoa-ney sam'mich (fried bologna sandwich)."  I reply that I have no idea how to make that.  And remind him of the last time he wanted me to make something I didn't know how to make.  Those awfullest pancakes ever.  The turd is not phased:  " Two  slices of b'whoa-ney, fried in the scrambled-eggs pan.  Five minutes on.  Each.  Side.  Put the bread in the toaster, the cheese on the bread, the b'whoa-ney on the cheese, and mustard.  See?"  I continue to plead ignorance.  I try to paint a mental picture of the awfullest b'whoa-ney he's ever tasted.  It's 5:29.  I bust out the stall.  If he would only wait just a few more minutes... Mommy would be home... and Mommy makes the  bestest  b'whoa-ney.  Mommy makes her grand entrance at 6:14.  She's not motivated, either.  The turd eats Spaghetti-O's for dinner.      Parental decree #3:  Keep the little brother entertained.  He can't be left alone and unattended upstairs.  Find something that the both of you can do.   Survival Strategy #3:  Video games.  You can never be too young.  I prepared in advance for this day.  I rented games involving motorcycles.  The turd is a motorcycle fanatic (as is his father and man-whore brother).  After forcing him to wash his hands with soap  twice  after the vienna-munching display, we both absorbed ourselves in  Freekstyle  motocross/freestyle on the Gamecube for five straight hours.    BrotherWatch 7-26-04: mission accomplished.  I survived.  The turd survived.  My children (if ever I take  that  plunge) will not survive that on a daily basis.