Yay.  Football season is here.  MNF, every single monday night until the season is over.  All day Sunday, and even on Thursday nights.  Enough is enough.  Everyone knows I am a sports fan.  Huge sports fan.  But it honestly takes me awhile to warm up to football every year.  August is too early.   To me, Football is winter sports.  I mean would we have a snow bowl without the snow?    I think not.  I froze to death watching my first high school football game.  It was so cold, even wrapped up in my stadium blanket, I could still see my breath, even breathing thru the fabric of the blanket.   You would think our house would all be Atlanta Falcon, or Carolina Panthers fans.  Nope.  One son is a Tennessee Titans fan, Hubby is a die hard Steelers fan, I am a Colts fan, another son is a Bucs fan.  This year, we are all pulling for the Redskins.  Just because of Joe Gibbs.  He is a sweet man, who knows his stuff.  He owns a couple of NASCAR teams you know.  Not only has he won a couple of super bowls, but he also has a couple of NASCAR championships too.  Smart man.   He is just good.   I don't look forward to football season just because we all pull for different teams.  It doens't make for a good game day.  Not only do we have every TV in the house set to football, but the kids are all running from room to room, taunting each other.  Especially my oldest son.  To him, Steve McNair can do no wrong.   To me, Peyton Manning can do no wrong.  I mean to me, he is the true heir of "best quarterback" after Joe Montana.  Joe is THE best QB  EVER, and Peyton may someday replace him in my eyes.  My son thinks McNair should hold that place.  My son has never seen Montana play.  Only heard the stories his mom has told him.  I will forever hate the 49ers because of their treatment of Montana.  I hope they never win another ring.  Plain and simple.    My son, well, he refused to watch the playoffs last year after Tennessee got put out.  Silly boy.    Then of course, we have the one son, who can't stand anything related to sports in any way shapre or form.  Poor kid.  All he ever asks in life is to watch cartoons.  Cartoons are few and far between during football season.  I think that is why he despises all sports.  It is on, 24/7 around here.   Especially during football season.