i was trying to manage my email inbox by erasing useless mails when i came across this list... it's a list of some very beneficial instructions for life...(i think i've already said before that i love lists so here's my second posting of such kind). i hope whoever gets to read this will seriously consider following even just one instruction...for his/her own life improvement.=)  evitz will sincerely follow items 1, 4, 13, and 17.  .: I N S T R U C T I O N S  F O R  L I F E :.  1. Take into account that great love and great achievements involve great risk.  2. When you lose, don't lose the lesson.  3. Follow the three Rs: Respect for self, Respect for others, Responsibility for all your actions.  4. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.  5. Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly.  6. Don't let a little dispute injure a great friendship.  7. When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it.  8. Spend some time alone.  9. Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.  10. Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.  11. Live a good, honorable life. Then when you get older and think back, you'll be able to enjoy it a second time.  12. A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your life.  Do all you can to create a tranquil, harmonious home.  13. In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current situation. Don't bring up the past.  14. Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality.  15. Be gentle with the earth.  16. Once a year, go someplace you've never been before.  17. Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.  18. Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.  19. Call your mother.  20. Approach love and cooking with reckless abandon.  We convince ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are frustrated that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that, we're frustrated that we have teenagers to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage.  We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, when we are able to go on a nice vacation, or when we retire.  The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now. If not now, when? Your life will always be filled with challenges. It's best to admit this to yourself and decide to be happy anyway.  Happiness is the way. So, treasure every moment that you have and treasure it more because you shared it with someone special, special enough to spend your time with...and remember that time waits for no one.  So, stop waiting....  - until your car or home is paid off - until you get a new car or home - until your kids leave the house - until you go back to school - until you finish school - until you lose 10 lbs. - until you gain 10 lbs. - until you get married - until you get a divorce - until you have kids - until you retire - until summer - until spring - until winter - until fall - until you die  There is no better time than right now to be happy.  Happiness is a journey, not a destination.  So...work like you don't need money, Love like you've never been hurt, And dance like no one's watching.