First off, I want to say that this post is a tad political; however, this blog in general is not meant to indulge in political ramblings or critiques of mass media.  It is meant to indulge in any thought that enters my head and that I deem interesting.  I just wanted to warn amyone reading that although this post might sound political, I do not mean to turn into one of those ultra-boring political/media blogs that seem so popular.  Read the damn newspaper yourself!  Anyhoo.  I was reading Time Magazine's article "Who killed Jesus?", and I will admit that although I didn't read all of it, there was one part in particular that bothered me.  It's something that the media has brought up before, but the fevered pitch seems to be at a high right now with the release of Mel Gibson's film "Passion"  just around the corner.  Specifically, the article mentioned the film is worrying Jewish and other religious groups because of it's possible anti-semetic sentiments.  I would like to take issue with this.  For the record, I am an aetheist, and I am vehemently opposed to organized religion, and in particular Catholicism.  You can call me an anti-christ. Tee hee.  Anyway, the idea that this film might destroy all the inroads that have been built between Christianity and Judaism since the Second Vatican is ridiculous!  For those of you who don't know, the Second Vatican (in the 1960s) said that although there were Jewish people involved in Jesus' death, there people in no way represented all of the Jews alive at the time of his crucifixion, nor all of the Jews of today.  I agree.  Why would Gibson's film undo this?  From what I understand, he makes the effort to stress that those pressing for the "messiah's" death are elite members of a Jewish Temple, and do not represent the Jewish population of Jeruseleum as a whole.  I think that Gibson is really trying here to explore the emotion of Jesus' last hours, and not to explore the extra-religious or political motivations that may have brought about his death.  But don't make him sugar-coat it.  If it was a Jewish high priest who was the most influential person in ensure Jesus' crucifixion, then show it that way.  No one with half a brain will translate that into = all Jews, now and forever.  That's stupid.   And as a side note, in the event that a movie is ever made about the rampant sexual abuse perpetrated by priests in the Catholic Church, I hope that no one will feel uncomfortable about protraying them as CATHOLIC PRIESTS.  Since they were, in fact, CATHOLIC PRIESTS!  On that same note, I hope that no Catholic who is NOT responsible for the perpetration of abuse or subsequent cover-ups is judged for these crimes, simply for being Catholic.  There are a lot of reasons to judge Catholics, but that isn't one of them.