..................................................  Happy Birthday Grandma Marge  ..................................................  Depending on how you know me and what you know about me -- it's very likely that you'll know one of the following things:   1. I'm something of a social constructionist  2. I'm a bookworm  3. I'm a "theater person"  4. I'm a debater  But the center -- the core -- of what makes each of these things true about me is this:   I love stories.  And further:   I believe that stories make people.  I believe that story-ing is the fundamental human process.   And I have to pay a great debt of gratitude to my Grandma Marge for this value.   I'm pretty sure she wouldn't call herself a social constructionist, but she's been telling stories for the last thirty three years, and given her skill, she's been doing it a lot longer.  She grew up on a farm in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, her family having descended from William Brewster from the Mayflower and more recently from Kaiser Wilhelm.  Half the stories she knows (and that's a "half" based on the ethos of hyperbole) she learned by peering through the register in her bedroom floor and listening to the goings on below.    She had a lot of uncles who broke the heart of their mother and her mother alike, but the drama of their lives unfolding through the register made my grandma marge a keen observer of human nature and a natural relayer of human conflict, motivation and resolution.   I don't want to tell too many of her stories here, because she's still writing her own book of stories -- Through The Register.  She has an amazing authorial voice where she has an ability to condense a whole world of human action into a quick sentence.  Her stories are often told quickly, but there's always a hundred layers and nuances in each one.   But I do want to honor that its her birthday and i want to affirm that the stories she's passed on to me, feel as visceral and warm as the afghans, sweaters, & mittens she's made for me.  They feel like they constitute me.  And since this activity which combines: history and making and imagination and drama and performance and humor and tragedy -- is the one activity that i'm most devoted to in the world....  I wanted to tell you a little bit about her.  Peace~