DISLAIMER  - All pictures shown below were taken by me.  Except 3 of them, which, and I say this with a heavy heart, I  STOLE  from some random websites... God forgive me...         Ok... I've put this off long enough...  I've been dreading writing the blog entry about this past weekend because I'm positive that it will probably take longer to write the damn thing than it actually took to live through it.  So, I've decided not to allow myself to eat dinner until I've written it out......      So...  Here goes nuthin'     It was good.     Ok... I'm off to go make me a grilled cheese sandwich.     Just kidding…     Ok. As most of you know, any of you that have watched the 10 o'clock news, San Fermin took place in Pamplona this past week -> July 6 - 14.     So, what exactly IS San Fermin?  Well, San (Saint) Fermin is the patron saint of wine, bread, wine skins, and Americans who have a death wish.  All in all, a pretty cool dude.  He is also the Patron Saint of Pamplona, a city in the north of Spain (Basque Country).     Now, Saint Fermin Day is actually on July 7th (Guy's Bday), but, Spanish law dictates that any day worth celebrating must be drawn out to at least 7 days of fiestas.  And the people of Pamplona have mastered this art.  Starting on July 6th, over a million people make the pilgrimage to Pamplona, and then the town erupts into mayhem, and it doesn't stop for 8 days.  Drunken idiots from around the world congregate in the city center, equipped with enough booze to give Russia alcohol poisoning, all under the illusion that the liver is evil, and it must be punished.      Now, the reason most of you have heard of San Fermin is because of the Running of the Bulls.  The tradition of Bull Fighting is still very popular in Spain, and during this Saint's Week, they have daily shows, starting around 8AM.  During these bullfights (corrida de toros), people gather in a coliseum type stadium, with a large circular ring of dirt in the middle.  The Torero (bull fighter) saunters into the ring, dressed like Liberace, with a sword (espalda) and a cape used to distract the bull (capote).     After he's done greeting his audience, they let the bull loose.  The bull runs around the ring in a blind rage (most likely due to the electric prod they jabbed him with in the pen before they let him loose) and the Torero gets to work, luring the bull with his cape, coming within inches of being gored by the passing Mack Truck with horns.     After "dancing" with the bull for awhile, the Torero grabs a fuzzy stick from his buddies on the side lines, and heads back towards the bull.  Now this fuzzy colorful stick (banderillero) looks like an overgrown pipe cleaner, but with one exception, it has a huge, sharp-as-hell, metal barb at the end of it.  What's it for?  What ALL overgrown pipe cleaners with fish hooks attached are for = stabbing into the back of a pissed off bull!!!  Duh...     He continues to do this until the bull has about 6 pipe cleaners hanging from his back, and is about ready to collapse.  At this point, the Torero pull out his sword and goes in for the estocada = The Kill.  Hopefully he gets it on the first try, that is if the blade doesn't deflect of the bull’s spine causing it to break and fly into the crowd.  But if all goes well, the Torero will walk up to the bull, whisper sweet nothings into it's ear, letting it know that it's ok to die, touches it's head lightly, and lightly pushes it towards the ground, where it collapses and shuffles off this mortal coil.      But sometimes, the final strike doesn't hit the spot.  I mean, come on, it's gotta be freakin’ hard to dodge something the size of Chevy AND aim accurately.  So, if the bull is still going strong, they might have to repeat this up to 5 times, until the bull finally gives in a falls to the ground.      BUT SOMETIMES! When the bull falls to the dirt, it doesn't die immediately.  It could lie there for God knows how long, suffering from internal organ damage.  So, to speed up the dying process, one of the Torero's helpers (Picadores - methinks) grabs a sharp ugly looking instrument and gives the bull an instant lobotomy.  That's right, a lobotomy.  Insert Tab A into Slot A and stir around for awhile until the shaking stops.     1 Bull down - 5 to go.      But you can't just have a dead bull hanging out in the ring for the next fight!  That might scare the piss out of the next bull that has already had the piss scared out of him.  So what do they do?  They ride in a few horses, throw a chain around it's head and horns, and haul the beast into the locker room, where the other bulls slap it on it's ass and say something along the lines of "Good game!" or "You'll get 'em next time Tiger!"     Rinse (the blood off the arena floor – Well, more like sweep dirt on top of it) and Repeat.        Ok, with that explanation of the way – Back to Pamplona…     So, these Corridas de Toros take place every morning around 8:10AM.     But what makes these Corridas special, is how they get the bulls from the initial holding pens to the arena (with it’s holding pens).      Instead of just taking the bulls in a big truck and dumping them off at the arena, they let the little bastards run a ½ mile through the streets of the city to La Plaza de Toros.  Over the past few hundred years, the bulls have ran the same route every year, with double barricades installed to keep the bulls on track and the spectators out of harms way.      Tangent – Remember what I said about this fiesta being a non-stop party? All Day, All Night.  No fooling around either.  At 5:45AM, you can still find thousands of wine-stained drunken idiots wandering the streets of Pamplona.  Another note – The population quadruples during this week, to over 1,000,000. That’s 750,000 Ted Kennedy Wannabes..  Pamplona must have one hell of a Holiday Inn to accommodate this entourage.   But it doesn’t.  So people usually just curl up in any place they can manage to stumble to, and enjoy a few hours of alcohol induced sleep.  When they do finally awake, they crawl out from under the table they just slept under, sit down at it, and order a drink.  Looks like UConn has some competition.     Ok.  Back to the Encierro (The Running of the Bulls).  So, every morning, at 7AM, they open up the gate to the track, and let a few hundred of these drunken/hung-over, sleep deprived goobers in.  And an hour later, at 8AM sharp, they sick 6-10 bulls on em!  What a brilliant idea!!!  You got a herd of pissed off bulls running through a crowd of hundreds of bluury-eyed people (mostly men).  You’d think that if you saw a bull running for you, let alone 6, you would find the closest safe spot and wait for the storm to pass.   But no, they run WITH the bulls.  And they do their best to dodge them. Hah, dodge them.  Even with the combined focus and agility of these fools, they’d have a hard time dodging a tree growing in their direction.  So it’s no surprise that the bulls claim a few victims every race.  Mostly just minor to sometimes major injuries, and now and then – Death.  And if the bull doesn’t get yah, it’s highly probably that you could get pushed down by the mob running behind you, and you end up with a permanent Nike symbol on your back.  Oh, but don’t worry, every person is allowed to bring in one specific item to be used for self-defense – a rolled up newspaper… Yup.  You may not know this, but, if you hit the nose of a bull with this hammer of the God’s, they run for the nearest porch, and crawl underneath it, whimpering. Hah, right.  I personally believe that the newspaper isn’t necessary, because I’m sure that waving your index finger at it in a condescending manner and going “Tsk, tsk. BAD BULL!” will achieve the same effect.     Geez! What a unbelievably stupid and risky tradition!!!        I couldn’t wait to do it…            The few weeks prior to San Fermin turned out to be an interesting study of gender mentalities.  Whenever I told a guy that I wanted to run with the bulls, they usually gave me thumbs up, told me I’m crazy, and wished me luck.  Every woman I told about my plans immediately turned into my mother.  I swear there must be a Mother Gene.  I could be hanging out with a  girl, trading fart jokes, and the moment I bring up the encierro, her smile fades away, her arms cross across her chest, her head tilts down as she rolls her eyes up to meet mine, shakes her head, and proceeds to spend the next 30 minutes telling me why I’m a moron.  Of course, I’d follow the normal routine of nodding and smiling, and at the end of the conversation by asking them if it’s ok if I sleep over Jonny’s tonight, and if it’s ok that I use my allowance money to buy the new Super Mario Bros. game.  After watching their eyes roll completely to the back of their head, I’d then go immediately to the nearest guy to get some positive reinforcement.      But the one thing the both sexes agreed on was that I’m totally insane.      So be it.      So, on Friday the 9th, (Yes, we’re 4 pages deep into this pathetic excuse for a testimony, and I haven’t even left Madrid yet. [8 pages if you double space]) and a friend, Marga, calls to invite me to join her and 3 other friends for an excursion up to Pamplona.  Originally, I was going to take a train up there by myself, but this seemed more appealing, since we would have the flexibility of coming and going whenever we pleased, plus I would have witness’. I mean, what’s the fun in risking your life if you can’t turn to the person next to you and say, “Tell my mother that I loved her…”, and, with an air of courage, turn away, and while they look after in solemn prayer, start walking towards your fate, trying not to trip over something, because that would just ruin the whole illusion.      And at approximately 8PM, we all piled into the car, and headed north.  I spent the entirety of the trip in the back seat with the 2 girls, Marga (Spain) and Nicky (Leeds, England), while the other two guys sat up front, Lawrence (I never got a straight answer about where he’s from) and Kim (Australia).  And after 7 hours of Eye-Spy, we finally wound up in Pamplona, and wandered into the city center to grab a well deserved drink at an outdoor café.  You wouldn’t have guessed that it was 3AM by the amount of people that were still up drinking, screaming, dancing, and tripping over themselves.  I mean, you couldn’t walk through the streets because they were cluttered with thousands of people.     After Lawrence and Nicky went back to the car to catch a cat nap, Kim, Marga, and I wandered the streets, trying to find where to incierro was.  Luckily, Kim had watched the daily incierros for the last 8 years or so, and was more than happy to coach me on how to survive unscathed.  (Don’t get hit by a bull)     Just before 7AM, the 5 of us reunited in the main Plaza, and headed off to the incierro.  They took some “last” photos, and headed off to find a seat.  I walked onto the “track” and joined the other 400 lunatics at the starting point.  Surprisingly enough, I didn’t get any odd looks from other runners, who were trying to spot the next stupid American killed himself running with the bulls.  But that’s probably because I was dressed in the traditional San Fermin style (All white, with a red sash around the waist, and a red bandana around the neck) and I looked as Spanish as they come.               We were forced to wait for about 30 minutes at the beginning of the track, because they were installing the barricades down the road and cleaning up the remnants of last night’s festivities.  At 7:30, they broke up the human barricade that was holding us back, and we all started running down the street.  (No, the bulls weren’t coming yet, it’s just that some people want to start later in the race, while other start earlier.)     So, I started running with the masses, figuring they would know where to go.  Yeah, I stopped thinking that right around the time I saw 4 people turn off to the left, 6 to the right, and 7 continuing on forwards.   I flipped a mental 3 sided coin, and followed a group off to the left.  I started to think something was wrong when I didn’t see any more barricades, and I had just run past an elderly couple that was walking hand in hand past a bar pumping techno music.  So, I turned a 180, and went off in search off the track again.     No worries though, at 7:40, I found myself surrounded by newspaper-wielding Spaniards, all giving running advice to each other on how to live through the race (Si ves un toro, corre en el otro direccion.)  Relieved, I lit up a pre-race cigarette to get my lungs prepared, and chit-chatted with a few of the people around me.  It was all good fun, until a group of 10 police officers came up behind us, formed a human wall, and started herding all 300 of us down the street.   I didn’t think anything of it, until I saw WHERE they were herding us – OFF the street.  With only 10 minutes till doom time, we all found ourselves on some sidestreet, locked out of the race.      This did not sit well with the natives.  People began chanting at the police, chanting things that I cannot repeat here because you’re too young, plus I didn’t know exactly what the hell they were saying, but I’m sure it was naughty.  The police stood their ground, standing between us and the incierro, until some Einstein threw a bottle at the police.  And then another genius threw one, and then another.  The third bottle was dead on, and hit a cop.  Proceed directly to emergency exit, single file only please…  hah, right, it was pandemonium! The police ran through the crowd, swinging their billy-clubs at anything that moved.  They didn’t care who they hit, we were all guilty by association.     I was pushed up against a wall by some guy running away, and by the time I was able to join the rest in running again, I turned around to see a disgruntled police officer directly behind me with his sights set on me.  I turned to run, but, he was quicker, and he gave me a bruise to remember him by on the back of my leg.  Luckily, he turned to punish someone else soon after, and I was able to run to the safety of another side street.      Although I was a little put off about the Rodney King episode a few moments earlier, I looked down at the time, 7:52, and began searching for the nearest entrance into the incierro.      1st street – no luck  2nd street – no luck  3rd street – a group of armed SWAT team officers with rifles and shields heading for the group of bottle throwers.  4th street – no luck     I found myself back at the original side street that I was herded onto when I heard the clock strike 8.  My heart sank.  I tried to peer through a crack in the plywood barricade to see what I was missing, but all I saw was a blur.  Sighhh… What the hell was I going to tell everyone now…     I turned around and headed back down the street, only to find a war was waging there between the police and the pissed off runners.  They had tipped over 4 recycling bins, and each grabbed as many bottles as they could hold.  I looked down the road to the police, then looked up in the air, and I swear, I couldn’t see the sky.  All I saw was reflections of green, brown, and clear glass as they soared in the direction of the police squad.  They responded with high-powered rifles and rubber bullets.  But that didn’t diminish the rioters’ rage.  They continued throwing, and the police continued firing.  Around the time the girl standing next to me was hit by a bullet, I figure it was best to exit stage right.      In the safety of the main plaza, I met up with my friends again.  We sat down for coffee, and talked about the incierro, cracking jokes here and there.  I was in great company; they convinced me that a story about getting attacked by police and dodging bullets would impress any girl over a story about running with the bulls.  Also, saying I ran with the fools sounds clever too, plus it rhymes.     I was really grateful for the good (AKA: sober) company at that point.  I think we all were. Because by this time, we were all exhausted, wet (it was raining), and quickly getting fed up with the drunken antics of the thousands of people still parading around.  Even though I wanted to stay to run with the bulls the next morning, when Lawrence suggested driving up to San Sebastian to have a picnic on the beach, I immediately agreed.  I mean, running with the bulls would have been fun, but I didn’t know if I could put up with this party atmosphere for another 24 hours.      So, we hopped in the car, drove through San Sebastian (BEAUTIFUL), stopped for coffee in Lasarte, the drove along the coast for awhile.  We stopped in Zarauz for a seafood dinner by the shore, and hung out on the beach for awhile afterwards, making sand sculptures.  We continued on to Gernika (which is famous because of Picasso’s painting) and wandered the streets till the witching hour.     We drove through Bilbao at 3AM, only to get lost in the worst part of town.  (I still say we should have asked one of the prostitutes for directions.)  Around 7AM, we all woke up to steamed windows. (Seems we stopped somewhere outside of Burgos to sleep for a few hours)      We walked around the smallest village in Spain, Navarredonda, had lunch in a small pueblo called Gargantilla de Lozoya, and spent an hour driving through the Sierras (mountains) just outside of Madrid before returning home.      All in all, it was a great weekend.  I was able to attend one of the craziest festivals in the world, even if it was for only 8 hours.  And I spent the next day and a half exploring the northern part of Spain, which is breathtaking.  I had great company, great philosophical discussions/debates, hairbrained ideas (There should be a walking/frolicking of the kittens – 5,000 cats let loose on the streets of some city), and a lot of laughs.      I can’t wait for the next trip –  urlLink Tomatino.