As I mentioned in an earlier post, I'm on summer break right now.  The school that I work for has a summer session so I have two weeks off now, six weeks of summer school, and then two more weeks before the regular school year starts.  (The short story re: my job is that I'm a teacher's aide at a school for emotionally disturbed kids.  The long story can be found in the post entitled "Heigh-Ho, Heigh Ho, It's Off To Work I Go...")  For the most part, I really love my job.  I love working with kids, I love feeling like I'm providing them with something they really need (love, attention, and affection among many other needs), and I enjoy 98% of the people I work with.  The 2% I don't enjoy are in the administration and perhaps I'll write about them some other time.  For now, I'll just say that they suck a lot.  One thing that is tough about my job though, atleast for me, is that it's very difficult to disengage from.  I get really attached to the kids, and even when we're not in session, I think about them and worry about them.  I realize that we have a lot of influence over them, but sometimes I think I overemphasize our influence in my own mind. Two kids in my class graduated from the program on the last day of the year, and I've thought about them a lot the last few days.  The first one is Ricky*.  Ricky, 11, is absolutely, no questions asked, my favorite kid that I've worked with at this program.  He was in my class for two years, and I absolutely adored him from day one.  He was far from the perfect child.  Getting him to do any kind of academic work, especially if it involved writing, was a nightmare.  He often started the morning cranky and tired, screaming and yelling, before he settled into his groove.  He was a total disaster if he was off his meds - literally running around the room and bouncing off the walls.  (And I assure you, I am using the word "literraly" properly.  Misuse of the word "literally" is one of my biggest grammatical pet peeves of which there are many.  But I digress.)  Ricky, however, was also bright, funny, and strangely insightful for his age (which was 11 at the time of graduation).  He could carry on a conversation about anything, and sometimes I forgot I wasn't talking to an adult.  He sat in the desk right next to mine so we interacted a lot.  I have never met a kid who can talk as much as Ricky.  Most of the time, it didn't even matter if anyone was listening (and I admit a few times, I wasn't).  He could turn the answer to a yes or no question into a fifteen minute story.  Example:  Me: Hey, Rick.  Did you do your homework last night?  Rick: (turning in his desk to face me)  Well, when the bus dropped me off yesterday, my dad was waiting at the bus stop for me.  He said, "Hey, Rick, do you wanna go see a movie?"  And I said, "Sure, what movie?"  And he said, "I don't know, what do you want to see?"  And I said, "How about Scooby Doo 2?"  And he said, "Okay."  So we got right in his truck - I didn't even go inside the house - and we went to see the movie.  It was kind of dumb, but kind of funny in some parts too.  After the movie was over, Dad said, "Hey, you wanna get some ice-cream?"  And I said, "Yeah, okay."  So we went to get ice-cream.  He got a sundae with Rocky Road and caramel sauce - I tried it but I don't really like caramel that much.  I got a waffle cone with a scoop of chocolate fudge and a scoop of mint chocolate chip.  I really wanted peanut butter fudge, but they were out of it.  It was good anyway.  So then we went back home and it was already way past my bedtime.  Me: So that's a no?  Ricky: Yeah.  And although it may seem like an exaggeration, the above is an actual conversation that I had with him, almost verbatim.  Quite simply, I love him to death.  Ricky plays his cards pretty close to his chest emotionally.  He's not affectionate at all, and he hates being touched.  Even if you just patted him on the back, he'd jerk away from you.  He would never dream of telling you he liked you, or enjoyed being with you.  Just not his style.  But he made so many improvements in the two years I had him.  He went from flatly refusing all assignments, to doing them with a lot of help and a lot of begging and pleading, to doing them somewhat independently with very little prodding.  He got along amazingly well with the other kids, all of whom are very difficult to co-exist with.  We eventually came to depend on him to stand next to the kid no one else wanted to be near in line, or work with the person no one wanted to partner with, or wait while we took care of the more demanding kids.  He came a long way.  Every year the agency does a client survey, where people come in and interview the kids, and they just ask them about the classes and their staff and what they like and dislike about the school.  After Ricky was interviewed last year, the interviewer came up and said to me and the teacher, "I just had to tell you this.  Ricky was being pretty uncooperative, shrugging and avoiding questions, when he finally said, 'Okay!  I hate to admit it, but I really like my class AND my teachers.'"  When his counselor and the program director sat down with him and told him that he was going to be moving to a new program at the end of the year, he crossed his arms and said, "I don't care what you people say, I'm NOT LEAVING!"  In the end, he went without any fuss, but I could watch him leave knowing that we had a positive influence on his life.  He came a long way, he liked us, and I know that, even if he doesn't remember names and faces, years from now he'll be able to look back on his days in our program as positive ones.  The other child that graduated was Matt.  Matt, also 11, was the opposite of Ricky in almost every way.  I came into the class knowing that the teacher and his counselor didn't like him, and I was determined that I was going to be the one to swoop in and save the day.  I've always had a history of loving the kids that other people considered difficult (ask anyone in my church in Birmingham about Trey), and I figured I, as a new person, would come in fresh and ready to understand him.  Yeah, it didn't work out that way.  Matt is the one kid I've ever worked with - not just in this job but in ANY job - that I can honestly say I did not like.  He was uncooperative, he was difficult to get along with, he purposely instigated the other kids and then lied about his part in the problem with they responded.  He lied about EVERYTHING, whether it mattered or not, and he was good at it.  He was a cute kid - blonde haired, blue eyed, big grin - but you couldn't even enjoy that because he tried to play it up to keep himself out of trouble.  The school nurse once asked me to give her one positive thing about Matt (after three days of giving him meds at school, she was already grasping for straws), and I couldn't think of ANYTHING!  How terrible is that?!  Matt just hit all my buttons.  He was definitely smart enough to catch up and get on grade level, but he was SO lazy.  He just didn't see the importance of working hard at anything.  Plus, if he didn't like what you were saying, he just flatly ignored you.  I HATE that!  I'd rather have a kid totally freak out on me and scream and yell than pretend that he can't hear me.  All the adults that dealt with Matt were glad to hear he was leaving, we counted down the days, we talked about how the chemistry in our class would be so much better without him.  I mean, yeah, we gave him the going away party and the little gifts and all that stuff, but I know in my heart that it wasn't the same.  Ricky got a "We're really going to miss you" farewell and Matt got a "Good riddance" farewell.  He always said nice things about us and the school, but I can't help but feel that we failed him big time.  I keep thinking, maybe if I'd just listened a little more, or been a little more patient, or given him a little more help, maybe things would've turned out differently.  The really depressing thing is that, between the two kids, it was really Matt that NEEDED more.  Ricky definitely had his share of problems, especially at first, but while his home life is unconvential to say the least,** it is somewhat intact.  He's one of the few kids I've worked with who talks about home in an almost completely positive way, and his complaints are the usual kid complaints.  Watching him interact with his family at the awards ceremony (our annual end of the year bash) it was clear that he loves his family and his family loves him.  That can definitely not be said about Matt.  His parents are divorced and neither seems to particularly like him most of the time.  It sort of reminds me of a couple who decides that what they really need is a puppy.  So they go out and buy the puppy, and at first everything's great.  He's cute, he's fun, and they wonder how they ever lived without him.  But then things change - the puppy starts to grow some, he's not so cute, he eats a lot, and man, he's a lot of work to take care of.  So the couple starts ignoring the dog, and the dog gets that sad, neglected look about him.  Only in this case, the couple had a baby who grew into a sad, neglected little boy.  Intellectually, I KNEW that Matt behaved the way he did because the only time he got any real attention at home was when he was in the way or causing problems, and I KNEW his parents were not role-modeling a particularly strong work ethic, and I KNEW his parents were mean and unhelpful to each other, even where their kids were concerned, but I just couldn't make it connect to how I treated Matt.    I know things like this happen.  No program is going to be perfect for every child and every family.  Personality conflicts are going to happen.  Just because we didn't always provide Matt with what he needed, doesn't mean NO one will.  But it still bothers me, and I'm just not really sure what to do with that.  *The kid's names have been changed due to confidentiality issues.  Everything else is true. **Ricky's unconventional home-life:  His sister, her fiance, and their baby live with him.  His parents are divorced but they both still live with him too.  His mother's significant other, a cross-dresser who goes by Lizzie, lives with them.  Ricky was trying to explain Lizzie to a couple of the kids one day and Danny, at age 12 already the most hateful little homophobe I've ever met, said with as much disgust as he could muster, "You mean he's GAY?!?!?  That's gross!"  Ricky, either missing or choosing to ignore Danny's tone said very factually, "Actually, he's bisexual."  That's where I cut the converstation off, but I have to admit to laughing at it.  Now playing: U2 (album: War, track: Like a Song) Now reading: Still plugging along in  Wolves of the Calla , and things are really picking up.  I always get off to a slow start with The Dark Tower books for some reason.  Also started  My Sister's Keeper .