Reality bites! Who ever said it didn’t? [Try Barbie!] I guess the Matrix saying is true. Life is less believable when it’s perfect. It’s too good to be true, in my case, to go through a week without getting in trouble or something. Besides, it’s way too boring if life is plain and simple. Who wouldn’t want a little twist of adventure? But what if it twists a lot that you crack? It’s scientifically [and psychologically] proven that human is weak by nature. Therefore, being weak, we are easily driven into madness. True?? Duh!  Even I, from a seemingly almost perfect family, with honors, friends and I touch of popularity; fall into the darkest pits of life every once in awhile. I remember going through those days when everything seemed to fall apart. Man, did they suck. First, I get caught of my hidden agenda. Bam! I ended up with no cell phone, no phone rights, a guilty conscience and “Family traitor” branded on my forehead. Next, Daryl and I fought for a week and I ended up being melancholic all over and spreading the bad vibe to everyone whom I come across. Then there were those times when I was pressured about the magazine, my studies and my well being. Everybody was just forcing me to be perfect from him or her. I felt like a real life puppet. Those days brought much pain, sorrow, hopelessness but at the same time, many important lessons. Those days, I went mad. I lost every drop of sanity in me. I snapped and totally lost control of everything… and… I kinda… liked it. [Hey, I'm no Hulk!]  Since I'm human, I'm weak. I'm proud to be actually. In that way, people won’t expect too much from me and I can prove to all that I'm perfectly imperfect. Yeah, anyway, as I said, I'm weak… and young and crazy. So when I get nervous breakdowns, I tend to get all suicidal and stuff. One time, our CL teacher called me out. She said I wasn’t paying attention. That was for two reasons: 1) I find CL very boring [no offense], 2) I was staring out the window. I was wondering what it would be like to soar downwards and walk to the next life. I even had this insane debate in my head about whether the third floor was high enough to kill me immediately. Being poetic, I also wrote some poems about it. I even went as far as writing a death note. Freaky? Shallow? Almost practical.  Now, I still am weak. I look back to those days when I was stupid [still am!] and realize I’ve matured in a way. Before, I was scared to face the painful reality but now I just think of it as another assignment I have to work on. Now I know what I would’ve missed if I committed murder with one fateful jump. I also learned that no matter how gruesome our problems are, it’ll always be solved… always. No one has the right to become negative all over just because of a problem it’s not like you have a terminal disease or something.  Well, that’s enough foolish banter for now.  I wonder what’s it like to be loved? Just wondering…  Bahala na!