"Step up For Life”  is a Community Project about life, health and empowerment of women.  As avid runners and women who have run several marathons and half marathons ourselves, organizers and mentors, MaryKay Mullally, Wendy Barry and Debra Bond are embarking on the project to share our experience and train a group of women from all over San Diego County for the inaugural running of the San Francisco Women’s Half Marathon on October 24th.    1 in 3 women today are unhappy with their weight and appearance, are on a diet, about to go on a diet or thinking about it!   Many women want to change, and know what they need to do to lose weight or get more fit, but often are unable to get motivated to actually do it, or lack the support needed to sustain the changes. The predictable future for women who do want to change, is that they will join a gym or start to exercise; go on the latest fad diet and not get the results they hoped for.  They will get busy or discouraged; get off track; get down on themselves and feel let down. They will feel like they'll never be able to do it, and that getting fit and having the body they want is an ellusive dream!  Not a pretty picture!    The "Step up for Life" Project is about the possibility of empowering women to take on something that seems overwhelming at first, by  taking small steps at a time toward a life changing goal, with the support of other women.  So they can realize that they can do anything they are committed to do with a plan and with support.  It’s about women taking responsibility for their weight, fitness and appearance, gaining self confidence, self esteem, and being fit, trim and happy with their bodies at whatever age they may be.  Best of all, it’s about gaining friends and training partners to support us in our quest to maintain a healthy body and lifestyle in the months and years ahead!    It is also about helping a sister in need: Nancy Gorman, a 41 year old Boston woman.  Nancy has multiple chronic medical conditions including cerebral palsy, PTSD, and chronic eating disorders.  She is also legally blind and paralyzed from the waist down.  Her dog "Daisy" a golden retriever, died suddenly from heart failure in June 2004 while visiting Hawaii at the same time as MaryKay.  Without asistance it could take up to a year for her to get a new dog and have it trained. As a group we will raise money through sponsorship, for Nancy to get a new dog.  The Half Marathon Training Program is geared toward beginners, who have either never run or have not run for a very long time, so it is very achievable.  It is a 15-week program beginning the week of July 12th.    This Blogg will be used to chronicle our progress and to communicate with each other.  As of today we have over 20 participants enrolled and registered.  I would like to acknowledge everyone who has stepped up to take this on. For your courage and commitment to your lives; for your generosity and compassion for Nancy; and for your trust in me, Wendy and Debra.  I would also like to thank Joe Crawford and Lilia Benjamin for helping me to get this Blogg up and running!  MaryKay