I just finished writing my first e-mail in Korean.  It really wasn't that bad.  I think I'll pick up typing in Korean pretty easy.  Today after work I walked my a lady urinating in an ally.  Guess it isn't everyday that happens.  I had a meeting downtown today b/c I'm presenting on Thursday.  Hey get ready guys, ain't no Thanksgiving lunch for us at Camp Walker.  Yeah so that got canned.  The meeting was pretty much stupid.  I can't believe I had to come all the way downtown for something that took literally 5 minutes.  After the meeting Hee-Dal was nice enough to take Asma, potato Dave and myself to lunch.  We went to a really swank little joint.  Next time I have a date I think it'll take her there.  It isn't that expensive and it is really nice.  I think the name was Xanadu's or something to that effect.   In the gym tonight I got to listen to the Korean remix of Stevie Wonder's "Part Time Lover."  Wrong in so many ways.  My room is so damn cold I just don't understand.  Is it really possible for it to be colder in my room then it is outside?  My roommate doesn't seem to want to turn the heater on since he has a space heater.  Well we talked and I confessed to freezing my ass off so I think we'll turn the heat on.  Oh to make things better the controls to the heat are in his room.  It took me forever to get to sleep last night  for some reason.  Part of it was my feet being cold.  But four pairs of socks later and that was remedied.   I can't see my tagboard but I did clean it up last time I was in a pc room where I could.  Hope it stays that way.   While I was downtown I detoured out of my normal route to the subway so that I might enjoy a McDonald's icecream cone.  As you may or may not know Micky D's has upped the price of their soft ice cream cones to 500W (about 45 cents U.S.).  Now Lotteria on the other hand has them for 300W (about 25 cents U.S.) a pop.  I've come to the conclusion, being the connoisseur of ice cream cones that I am, that Micky D's is worth the extra money.  Anyways while I was getting my precious ice cream there was some kind of concert going on in the "heart" of downtown which consisted of a Korean singing "You give love a bad name" by Bon Jovi.  This could have possibly been the worst singing I've ever heard.  I don't claim to sing well, even though I enjoy the singing room as much as the next person, but damn this was horrible.  The words weren't even close to right.  Oh well, it wasn't like anyone else cared or noticed.  I'm tired.  I think I'll call it a night and read some.