Wow.  I am stunned.  I have had 3 different people send me wonderful comments, and none of them want the $5!  I am truly touched.  I am also guilt-ridden.  I went out with Kathy Friday night to seem some *formly* local calypso band called Piggy. They were awesome. Kathy made a good point that night - I thought that by being honest about how people here make me feel like such an outsider, I was daring them to let me in.  Literally, my response to the question "Oh, you're from away.  How do you like Halifax?" was always "It's small and the people are insular.  I hate it."    Kathy took my hand, and with a wise tender face, said "no, no, no, sweetie.  You aren't daring them to let you, you are daring them to keep you out. And alienating them in the process."  So I have resolved to stop pouting.  I wouldn't say my feelings have changed - I still feel slighted and alone and awkward, but there are some things I truly like about Halifax (Freak Lunchbox...Hello!), and some wonderful friends (Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, and Vanessa, and Mandy when she is around), so I am far better off than quite a few out there.  And I get paid to go to school!  Yeah me!    And of course, the guilt comes from the fact that though perhaps not everyone who commented or will comment is from Halifax, obvious, there are some good people out there.  In addition, by expressing myself so freely, I am slighting those people that *do* make an effort to be my friend, as laborious as that sometimes is.  I didn't mean it.  I am an ass.   But the contest continues.  Since lovely Brandi, Ken and Bruce don't want my $5, I am going to leave it up for offer.  I am going to have a gin and seven-up for Ken, and I am going to Freaklunch Box tomorrow to by $5 worth of candy, and think of Bruce.  And for Brandi, I am going to buy myself a button from Biscuit, since she didn't have a suggestion about what to do with my $5, and I love buttons.  So if you want to compete, leave me a comment following this post (the first set of comments were erased when I changed my template! oops!).  Again, contest is over June 23, 5pm local time (that means, "you figure it out, since I am too lazy to find out the time zone").  Thanks guys.