Not a bad day. Nope, not bad at all.  I want to go to the Library soon, but I keep forgetting the times since I lost my library card a long time ago. So I haven't been yet...I need to do something Spring-ish, and I guess going to the Library makes me feel like it's almost Summer again. I always use to go to the Library during the Summer because I had nothing else to do and it had really awesome air conditioning. I'm such a dork... ;-) I've been really happy and hyper lately. It feels like Spring is near, even if it's still crazy weather on the outside.   I went to church this morning and saw Chris, Mrs. Betty, and Mike. Lindsay sang the whole time, it was cool. She's hilarious, Lindsay is...she's in my Theatre Arts class. She's such a goof ball...  Anyway, I'd imagine that the only cause for upset feelings lately has been the malfunctioning of my electric tuner. Grrr. So now I've resorted to using my old piano to tune my guitars. I've been playing one song lately that requires Drop-D tuning, but my acoustic was successfully set to standard tuning this morning.  At sparring class on Wednesday, Joey is going down. Sure, he might be fifty pounds heavier than I am, a year older than I am, and three inches taller than I am, but I'm so set on kicking him to the ground next round of sparring. Mrs. Betty says it's horrible to be fighting like in TKD, but it's not like we're learning how to kill people or anything. It's fun exercise.   Speaking of exercise, I'm counting down the days until the first triple meet! Eeeee! The twenty-fifth...only eleven more days! Eeeeeeeeee! Running makes me so happy. I'm definitely running the 4 by 8, and either the mile or the two-mile. Probably the two-mile.   Feeling:  Happy, hyper, cheerful.  Listening to:  Everclear's version of "Breakfast at Tiffany's," Third Eye Blind "Jumper," Disney Classic's "Ugly Bug Ball" and "The Spectrum Song," and I've been playing and teaching myself Evanescence's song "Whisper".  Eating:  This and that. Nothing in particular.  Drinking:  Water. It's good for you.  Procrastinating:  Homework!