from: brett mills sent: wednesday, march 17, 2004 12:19 pm subject: my adventures part 7   Well hello everyone.  It has been a fun filled weekend for me.  Let me start with Sunday.  SUNDAY I went to Kyoto.  That was a beautiful city.  I went to a temple called Sanju-Sangen-do.  There are 1001 Gold statues and a Large Golden Buddah in the centre.  It is huge and very amazing.  There were these statues of Gods also.  Then Name translates to 33 lengths.  which is the length of the building that the statues are housed.  It is HUGE.  Every one of the 1001 gold statues are different in some way, yet they look exactly the same.  Its hard to explain but it was amazing.  Then we went to another temple shrine thing.  Dont really know the difference but anyway this was huge too.  I even went up to a Buddah and prayed. (I KNOW, me and religion, me and praying) Dont worry Bec I havent converted from our special religion.  I then went to a street of small shops and bought some amazing souveniers.  urlLink  Kiyomizu Temple in Kyoto    We then spent over an hour on a bus infact we went around in circles, because the Japanese people we were with didnt know where we were.  That was a little disappointing as the majority of the day was spent on public transport.  It took 2 hours on two different trains to get to Kyoto and then we caught busses to the temples.  I will deffinately go back again.  I want to have a look at Gion which is the Geisha district, although it is quite  hard to see them.  Gion is where the book `Memoirs of a Geisha` was set.  So Sunday was a full on tiring day, but I had a great time.  MONDAY Well this was probably one of the best and strangest days I have had.  Some friends were going to a festival and I thought I may as well tag along.  It was a fertility festival, or as all of the thousands of Westerners were calling it, the Penis festival.  There were little stalls with food and souveniers and everything was in the shape of penises.  Very strange.  It was not disgusting, as this may sound, it was just something that most of us  did not understand.  What happens is there is a procession from one temple to another and in the procession, a group of men carry a 3metre wooden penis (have a look at the picture attached).  There are special dignatories walking along also and other people carrying small penises (let see how many times I can say that word in one email, sorry Grandma if you are reading this)  Then at the end of the procession is a big barrel with Sake and they give a cup to anyone who wants one.  Or as there were a lot of westerners there, several cups.  As well as a few beers, I probably had 5 cups of sake,  very nice, but as you could imagine, during the day drinking in the sun, I was a little worst for wear by the end.  We just kept following the sake and asking for more.  This was not a festival for just adults, there was a school group of 10 year olds there watching, and lots of older Japanese people and heaps of us westerners.  At the end, the penis goes into the temple.  But I`m not sure what happens then.  urlLink  Me at Penis festival     urlLink  The 3m Wooden Penis    urlLink  The Sake Tree    Then everyone stands in one area and these people throw Mouchy (not sure of the spelling, it is a japanese food, that you heat under a low temperature.  It is made of rice I think, but it is basically like flour and water.  I dont think it is very tasty.)  It is as hard as a rock and they throw it from up high.  If it hits you in the head, It would definately hurt.  I managed to catch one, with a beer in my right hand I stuck my left hand up and I got it.  My hand was a little sore after that.  Not sure what it means, maybe it means I will be really fertile??????  After that we then went back to Gifu and had more beer and dinner.  I had to leave at 9pm, because I had a headache.  So I just went to bed.  It was certainly an eventful weekend.  I worked my usual 4 hours yesterday (Tuesday) and now I have another two days off, so I am off to Nagoya to see some friends, and celebrate St Patricks day.  Not sure what I will be doing tomorrow, I am staying overnight in Nagoya.  So I discovered a Japanese festival, I was told this was one of the best festivals around.  I hope they all have free sake.  Coming up to Cherry Blossom time, there are going to be a lot of festivals, so I cant wait.  Well thanks for reading about my little adventure, I hope everyone at home is happy.  Keep the emails coming of what you have been up to.  Chat Soon Bretto