You Know You’re A Track Runner When…  ·	When you wake up at five AM every Saturday morning, thinking that there is a track meet. ·	When you look both ways before crossing the track. ·	When you have a billion safety pins for the cross-country number labels. ·	When you get hurt and there is no such thing as rest – just ibuprofen and ice. ·	When you are the only sport that runs when you’re NOT in trouble with your coach. ·	When you have a tan line from your watch. ·	When you’re in a crowded hallway and you try to figure out how and when to make a move to pass the guy in front of you. ·	When you give distances…in meters…to your friends. ·	When you run away…and you literally  run away . ·	When you walk fast just so that someone behind you can’t catch you. ·	When your legs feel like jell-o and the only way to make them feel better is to run. ·	When you have figured out how to sleep comfortably even with a big track bag at your side. ·	When you know the name of every street within three miles of your school. ·	When you’re trying to figure out your splits for the two-mile while sitting in church. ·	When every Saturday of your High School career has gone down the drain. ·	When you threaten to hurt the soccer/football/field hockey/lacrosse teams because they have moved their stuff onto the track. ·	When you brag about your new running watch. ·	When you watch COPS just to critique the stride of those being chased, complaining and saying that, “They could have gotten away if they’d had a better stride!” ·	When .06 seconds is all the time in the world. ·	When getting drunk, to you, can only be by Gatorade. ·	When you start most of your sentences with, “And one time, at track camp…” ·	When it’s pouring outside and all the other sports have canceled their games, but you go down to the locker room anyway because you know that your meet is still on. ·	When the gun goes off and nothing else matters. ·	When the gun goes off and it scares the crap out of you…and that just makes you run harder. -- I'm suffering from boredom and school withdrawal. Not really school withdrawal...I miss my cross-country and track team. It's pathetic, really, I know.