any time i think of that idea, i have to say that the book 1984 always comes to mind. the country (or continent, i can't remember exactly) is always at war with either one of two other countries. at least, that's what the people are told by the government. as far as the average person is concerned, if her government tells her that they have to go to war to protect their country, there's a good chance she'll believe them. afterall, why would they lie about that?  that concept just gives me chills, since it is apparent that it is a concept that does not only exist in fiction. i think there are quite a few people who could argue that bush started a war to produce fear. i'm going to ignore the specifics of how, and discuss the why.  i would argue that practically all of society is based around some kind of fear. for example, fear of rejection which is based in all aspects of society; everything from consumerism, eating disorders, mental depression, materialism and i'm sure many others. another example is fear of the unknown. i don't mean ghosts however. i'm talking about everything going on in the world outside the borders of your country. this type of fear is based in patriotism, racism, stereotyping, as well as ignorance.  i would also argue that the worst example is fear of being afraid. this is, in my opinion, the underlining fear in america today (and, funny enough, in 1984 also). i mean, how else can a government have the majority of its people agree to a war which there is no reason to start, other than this concept mentioned. americans are afraid to be afraid. if bush attacks anyone who has even a remote chance of hurting them, then the masses will feel safer.  why would bush do this? well, if you want the people to agree to something they wouldn't ordinarilly agree to, make the situation unordinary. bush wants more control over prisoners, information, and civilians in america. the population disagreed because they didn't want to lose their basic freedoms. well screw freedom when terrorists are blowing up buildings around the corner. i'll let the government know what i do and where i am all the time, as long as i'm home in one piece. what are the chances of another terrorist attack in america? well, as far as the percentages go, 9/11 was the first time ever in a pretty long time, and now that the government has 'complete' control, everyone is safe and no one is safe.