A teacher from my past, given to axiomatic instruction, chided me with these words.   Today we may be engaging in a series of house transactions that we’ve been working on for a long time.   When in the midst of such interactions there are many choices to make, and Lynn and I are committed to making them together.    Making decisions  together  is one of the more difficult features of being human.  Consensus becomes truer and truer the longer you know one another, and the longer you talk about any issue.  Unfortunately, it also becomes more difficult.    In our case, since we’ve made these decisions together before, and because we like each other a lot – we know that there are unique features of each-other’s take on things that are really valuable.  But what we don’t know is which feature of which person’s personhood is going to end up mattering in the story we tell ourselves about this decision AFTER its made and completed.   We're writhing together.  My teacher used to bellow the title of this blog in the Imperative Tone – Amped Up On Steroids.  And there’s something about the level of confidence with which one says something that actually weights the credibility of the statement beyond its own merits.    Tammie has started pointing out to me that my years of debate have lent me just such a blustery tone of surety which often is attached to statements which are at best – probabilities and at worst – subjective perspectives.  Brendon and Janson and I, when we stayed up til three and four in the morning in Lawlor Hall debating the morality of going 57 in a 55 – employed this tactic of false surety with all sorts of permutations:   I read somewhere that… There’s been research done… It’s been proven…  And the best is always when you include a statistic with a very specific and esoteric number.   The truth is  (note the surety in my tone)  that indecision is not just a skewer –   It’s actually a pretty fertile ground where relationships may grow…  It’s a rupture in the sometimes stifling surety which we rely upon in the quotidian flow…  Looking for a new axiom, I invent:   Exult on the rope swing of indecision…  Dance through the gloam of indecision…  Jump into the pool of indecision…  Coast on the surf of indecision…   …if only they didn’t want landings and sunset and the solid ground of dry land…   may your indecision be full of…   peace~