As an elementary school teacher I have an pretty entertaining job. Whether it's my students making me laugh or a colleague's student, my days are rarely dull. The following story took place a few weeks ago...  The special education teacher, Miss A, was in the middle of instructing a small math group when another teacher, Miss B, came to her classroom door.   Miss B: "I think one of your students needs help in the boys bathroom. I kept hearing a little voice saying help me...Help me."  Miss A thought that the student might need soap or paper towels. At the very worst she thought he might need help with a stuck zipper.  Miss A approached the doorway of the boys bathroom and called to her student, "Nick....Are you o.k.?"  Nick: "Nooooo."  Miss A: "What's wrong?"  Nick: "It's stuck. My poo poo is stuck!"  Miss A: (While trying not to snicker) "Did you try to push really hard?"  Nick: "I tried....but it's still stuck."  At this point Nick begins to cry.  Miss A: "Does it hurt?"  Nick: "No....I just want to hurry up so I can get to the Lego's center first!"  Miss A decided to go to the school nurse for advice. She told Nick to keep pushing while she was gone. Miss A was about in tears while she tried to explain the predicament her student was in. The nurse informed Miss A that there was not much she could do but instruct the student to try to wipe it away.  While she was gone a few teachers had heard cries of help from the bathroom and were trying to figure out what was going on. Miss A returned and told the teachers she was handling the "problem".  Miss A: "Nick.....How's it going?"  Nick: "Not good.....It's still stuck....It's just hanging there!"  Now, if you knew this child you would know that he was not saying these things to be goofy or obnoxious. He was  truly  distressed that he was stuck in the bathroom wasting his hard earned center time on some poo poo that wouldn't come out.  To make an already long story short...Miss A was able to talk Nick through the poo poo problem. He was able to successfully "wipe it away" and return to his beloved Lego's center.  This might have been one of those "you just had to be there" kind of stories but I thought someone would find humor in this poor kids crisis.