This article is of special interest to me, as I am a Vocational Education Teacher.  It often amazes me when I observe the rapid growth of technology, and how important it is for teachers to stay abreast of the constant changes.   The main point of this article addresses the need for a growing number of career academies, not just in Washington, DC, but all over the country.  Philip O. Berry is an academy high school in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg school system that opened in August 2002.  The vocational programs in high schools and academies are transforming to meet the needs of a technological society.  "This country has shifted from an industrial nation to a technological one," says John Wittman, administrator of Chantilly Academy.    As cited in the article, it is very clear how important it is for high schools to share in the responsibility of preparing students for what the Department of Commerce predicts as an enormous growth in the information technology industry.  The forecasted growth for for the information technology industry is expected to increase in the United States by 78.7% from 1998 - 2008.  This growth is higher than the average expected growth of all occupations.   Again, as a technology educator, I agree with the need for more training and education at the high school level.  I teach at a high school where most students come from low socio-economic backgrounds.  Most students are not interested in college simply because they would have no way of paying for it.  With a career in technology, many students who are more than capable would have a chance at a better life.  Students could use certifications to land jobs that would assist family members, support themselves and their children, as well as seek opportunities for advanced educational opportunities.  Technology based education would not only keep the society up to date, but would also enable those underprivileged students to be able to have opportunities that they might not otherwise be able to experience.  This is a good way to start closing the achievement gap.