I've just finished reading  urlLink Brian McLaren 's book  urlLink The story we find ourselves in  which is the sequel to A new kind of Christian.    The book tackles, among other things, with the biblical story of God's love, but in a way different to anything I'd read or understood before.  It all takes place against a background of personal and public tragedy and several journeys towards faith.  The book answers some of the questions from A new kind... But also opens up many more.  I found that it made me cry and gave me hope.  We're just coming out of Easter and moving towards Ascension and Pentecost right now.  The particular stories are pretty famous but some of them have been new and fresh to me this year.    I can imagine being one of the crowd on Palm Sunday cheering this prophet but not sure why.  I can feel the faint hope that maybe this is it.  Maybe this could be the one we've been promised. Maybe soon the war, the occupation that night will be over.  I can see myself in that crowd watching Jesus in the week, the confusion at some of the things he is saying and doing.  The fear of this dynamic and dangerous man.  I can understand the sudden dread among the disciples on the Thursday when Jesus talks about death and is then arrested.  Why doesn't he do something?  Why is this happening.  And then the utter despair on the Friday as all the hopes, all the dreams I had are killed with my friend on the cross.  The darkness, the betrayal.  Like God has let us down.  Its the end that is the hardest to empathise with.  We know it ended we've read it and seen it.  We have also read all the fairy tales and fantasies that talk about the good guy winning.  But can I imagine what it might have been like to actually be at the resurrection?  To hear in the pit of despair that some of the group were losing it.  That believed they'd seen Jesus again.  And then to feel the faintest of hopes as more and more people said the same.  What would it do to my world?  That he could have won by dying.  That he might be alive?    Man I'd be scared.   Its fun to imagine being in that context.  Living the story for the first time.  But how does it affect me today, how do I live out the story today.  As a husband, a teacher and a friend?