Bill brought up a good point that I think is worth entertaining - I live in the city where the Republican National convention is going to be held very soon.  It's funny how things like this that seem so come and go are actually issues that create problems and outrage for months and months previously with people actually in the city.    First of all there is the security issue.  I am sure that if this were held anywhere, security would be a concern to some extent, but I believe that since September 11, that New York City is probably the most concerned about security of events held here.  Since 9-11 affected so many people here personally, the Joe-schmos of the city who normally wouldn't think twice about issues of political concerns will riot, protest, or run and hide at the mention of a terrorist threat or a lack of security, regardless of the source of the information.  Last week there was something on the evening news about a likely terrorist threat to New York that had not been substantiated by anyone who would know anything, but had "been discovered" by one of the newspapers (the New York Post to be exact, which I hear isn't always known for credibility).  But, information about security risks don't really need to be factual in order to make it on the news here because after 9-11 people want to hear anything... just in case.  In an effort to ensure security, officials turned towards the homeless and independent salespeople of the city and realized that they may have a problem.  Now, as every subway passenger knows, part of the problem (that went unemphasized) is that if allowed, every 6-75 year old with some talent (or not), candy, bootleg DVDs, jewelry, or homemade tamales will set up camp around the convention trying to make some cash off of the rich out of towners.  (This list will include umbrella salesmen too if it is raining)   First, it could be annoying, and second, it could be a security risk.  So... it was proposed to block off an area to all people of these sorts.  (and probably the general public too, but that didn't raise a concern).  But then the complaining came.  I find a little irony in this argument, and I may come off a bit cold, so please forgive.  The homesless advocacy got involved, and said that since many homeless people reside in the area, the city would need to figure out something to do about their inconvenience.   So there were proposals for shelters and places for them to go for the time of the RNC, which I thought was considerate since if they are really being inconvenienced, that would insinuate that they normally are living on the streets where the RNC is being held.  But, that made the homeless advocacy mad because they say its a temporary solution to a bigger problem   Well... yeah....  of course it is.   At that point I either tuned out or changed the channel... I don't remember which.  Since they I've sort of ignored any news of the RNC, since it generally doesn't have anything to do with the convention itself, but more with what group is more annoyed that day.   The only other thing that I heard is that since a ton of protests are being planned, a gentleman has formed a "pro-republican" group which will be protesting the protestors.  Literally.  He said that he wants to show the people associated with the RNC that the protestors do not represent the opinions of everyone... or something like that.     *disclaimer - all of my information comes from local news which I only half listen to.  If anything is wrong or skewed, it's to be expected.