Ok...  Someone needs to teach these Madrilenos how to walk.  Seriously.  I'm not joking.  People in Madrid just DON'T KNOW HOW TO WALK!!!  Scenario 1: I'm walking down the sidewalk, on my way to catch the metro in Puera De Sol, and there's a man/woman walking directly towards me, on their way to God knows where. In the hopes that they won't have to exert any extra energy by acknowleding my oncoming presence and moving slightly to the left, they mentally close their eyes and continue walking.   Now, being the Gentleman that I am, I usually move aside well before collision, leaving them to continue on un-exerted, and, so I'd like to think, thanking me quietly for not making them deviate from their predestined path to their destination. This is fine most of the time, like when there's light traffic on the sidewalk, but when the teeming millions are out to wander aimlessly throughout Madrid, sometimes alittle effort is needed by everybody involved.  Especially if it means that I must dodge into moving traffic to let them have their way.  Scenario 2: The Lost Causes FOPs - AKA The Elders.   I'm sorry.  But there's no helping these people.  If there is a line of geriatrics coming down the sidewalk, obviously leaving no room to sneak by, you're better off just throwing yourself up against the wall, sucking in your stomach, and hoping that by the time they pass, you will survive un-caned.    We need to get Senorita Manners out here... These people are killing me.  I got so excited today when I did the little side walk dance with someone.  You know what I mean.  You both actually try to be the curtious ones, and end up side-stepping in the same direction.  And then, again, side stepping in the other direction.  I swear, the next time that happens, I'm going to grab their hand, twirl them around, say "Thanks for the dance!" and keep walking.  Hey, at least they acknowledged my presence, that's a good enough reason to dance.  Note: Extensive research has been done to find a word to describe this dance.  Here's what they've come up with so far:   Shuggleftulation Sidewaltz Minueticate Doing the concrete quadrille Awkstepping Avoidancing Faux pas de deux   There.  You've learned something new today.  Useless knowledge is the best.  Choose your favorite one, and impress all of your friends.  You can thank me later.