We had our first house church last Friday night and we had a blast.  People started showing up around 7 and we got to work cooking dinner right away.  The kitchen was a little crowded but so much fun.  Coldplay was going in the background and conversation was jammed into the spaces between "do you have any onions for the sauce?" and other cooking comments.  After the temperature in the room finally reached a point of "oh my gosh, I have to get out of here!" we all stood back and admired our spread on the dining room table.  Christmas lights were strung all around the room and the meal was stunning.  We dug in and had really, really comfortable conversation while we chowed down.  We never even prodded the subject of house - it just came out.  We never prodded the subject of tithing either - it also came up in conversation.  Some people came and ate and then left after dinner, and some of us stuck around.  We prayed very different prayers about our house church but they were all unified.    Our house church centers around preparing a meal together for several reasons.  One, it's always weird when you walk into a place from your day and you're expected to suddenly meet the atmosphere that's been set up.  It's like jumping out of a hot tub and into a cold pool.  Because spiritual vulnerability is involved, we wanted people to create their own atmosphere of safety, not just assure them that it's there.  As we prepare a meal together, everyone gets to unwind and joke around.  The day kind of melts away when the smell of good food is in the air.    Two, we're getting the chance to learn each other.  You can tell so much about someone from the way they cook - like are they hygienic? ... Just kidding.  But we learn how to work with, approach, and help one another.  Cooperation becomes easy.  We also learn different ways to cook things and secrets we may never have known since none of us have cable with the FoodNetwork.  We began forming as a group - creating our own inside jokes and winding down together.    Three, when dinner's fixed, we've accomplished something together.  We've decorated a room, set a table, made a place for everyone to sit, cranked the air way up, and created a feast.  We've just become a team and our separate days have merged into one.  As we sit down, everyone's comfortable with the mood and we all know we're in a safe place.    Voila!  The vulnerability we hoped for was established.