Humans, by definition, are flawed. We do not enjoy the ability for things to go right every time. With the insights that hindsight can give us and the knowledge of things we cannot change, we sometimes wish that we could change such things.  This, in itself, is not a bad thing. Slavery, looked through the eyes of a modern society with civil rights of all its citizens, is reprehensible and would never be stood for in America today. We have learned a hard lesson over the thousands of years that we lived under the laws of slavery; it is wrong, pure and simple. Thus, we have changed our view to the modern motto of “All Men created equal,” and as a society, have advanced.  However, we would be prudent to say that if we could go back in time and change everything that slavery should have been abolished. While we know now that slavery is wrong, slavery also built nations and empires that the United States of America later used as the basis of the free society we enjoy today. It is not uncertain what the consequences of a free society since the dawn of man would have on the pages of history; nor is it something anyone would be able to know.  Another trap humans can get themselves in is a large on that can destroy great men: living in the past. I recently found myself in this quandary: I had begun talking to a former old friend of mine whom I loved very much at one point in time, and for a minute, I felt that feeling that nothing changed and that everything was the same again. While I would love to live in an infinite loop of my freshman year, not having to deal with the graduation of some of my most important friends and never having the events occur that separated me and my former friend, I knew this was not possible.  Yes, I greatly enjoyed that time we spent together, but no matter how much I wanted it to continue, I knew that I was living in a reality that does not exist. I would have done anything to get back to that point, but no matter how much I try to fend off the tides of time, I know I would fail. Humans do not control the domain of time, nor should we.  Another thing I realized with my friend is that she was stuck in time as well. While I know that time has passed, she, nonetheless, stayed the same. I found I was still talking to the friend that I used to always talk to, with no improvement or decline. It was then I realized how much I had changed from the time of our departing, and how much she had not. After months of no contact, I had found the same person when I should have found a different one, as she had.  Thus we get into the problem of living in the past. For the past two weeks, I was trying to live in my freshman year, with all the fun and carefree that it provides, but for the past two weeks, I had found that I had not grown and that I did not learn anything. I was looking back and found things I already learned and faces I already knew. My friend has the same problem; with her face turned to the past, she does not have to deal with the responsibilities that the future brings us, or find an exciting new world with peoples and places that you would never dream of. She has been missing that for months now. God only knows how many more months she will.  So I get to my final point of this whole long-winded essay of sorts: do not live in the past. The past is a great tool to learn from, but something wicked we can get caught in. The past may contain histories of great men or exotic places, or be as simple as the friend you lost touch with along with way, but learn this: none of it is real, nor will it ever be. The past is dead, and unless you wish to join the ranks of such, you should be well warned to stay away from it.  For the future!