Hello, My name is Michael and I am a 27 year old Korean-Canadian male living, working, and learning in Bundang(suburb of Seoul) South Korea. Let me tell you a bit about me and my days in Korea, thus far.I was born in Calgary, Alberta,Canada to my awesome and lovely parents, Byungki and Heaza. My parents immigrated to Canada in 1967, my dad being the second Korean immigrant to the then small city of Calgary.Along with my older sisters, Suzanne and Elisa, our family had a great upbringing, with some good times and of course some not so good times. We grew up in a some what traditional Korean household, minus the hardcore strictness that occurs in many Korean households. The one thing that was missing from my life was the ability to speak Korean. At an early age the Choi kids studied at Korean school every Friday nights. This went on for a couple of years, up until I discovered Hockey. I had to make a decision, hockey or Korean...I chose hockey, and have been playing since. Growing up I didn't show much concern for this, except for the times at family and Korean functions, such as church or any of the parties that the KBA(Korean business association) were holding. Most of the time I had no clue what was coming out of people's mouthes, with exception to a few words here and there..basically my response to everything was, "NAE" which is yes. You may be wondering, Why couldn't you speak Korean while living with Korean parents? Like many Gyopos can attest to, even though you grow up in a Korean house, it doesn't mean you can speak it. My parents tried to teach us, but we didn't really grasp it all that much. I grew up hanging out with my Canadian friends, non of which were of Korean decent, played hockey, snowboarded, partied...etc with white friends.  Fast forward to year 25 of my life, and I'm finished school and working a good job as a Seismic Data Broker in the Oil and gas industry when one day I was sitting in my office and thought to myself, "I have never been to Korea, and I can't speak a lick of the language, and other than the food and few other things, I don't know a whole lot about the culture." So, I made the decision to come here for one or two years and give it a go...with the full support of my parents i was off to the motherland. So, I said my see you laters to my family, my Boyz back home...Mitchell, Dugas, Mckenzie, Greener, Burns, Blackwell, JM, and many more, and took off for Korea.  Next up... The first time in Korea.