Argh. I am so frustrated. I knew that doing the program was going to be a challenge, but some things are simply ridiculous!   The Fellows program is this bizarre network of institutions that claim to be working together to put us into classrooms in the fall. So, technically, as of now, I'm a  non-matriculated  grad student of Queens College,(my matriculation status somehow magically changes in the fall) which is separate from the Fellows, which is then separate from the state and city of New York and their subsequent regulations and procedures.   Therefore, I have to ask UMHB for yet ANOTHER transcript, because the state needs it to process my request for certification, and the other 4 I've already gotten were distributed into the Fellows never-never land of paperwork. Somehow, after several years of this program, they haven't added that to the pre-coursework part of the required papers asked of us.   My Educational Psych prof doesn't understand that we don't get our first stipend check until July, and therefore, it makes it difficult to pay for books. And that since we aren't matriculated, we don't yet qualify for a valid student ID from QC and therefore can't use the library or internet labs. (Somehow, the same ID  is  accepted to allow those who have cars to pay the $90 parking fee and get a permit.)  In other Fellows news, well, maybe not news, but whatever...as there are 2 other Lauras, a Lauren and a Lori in the same Fellows group, I have made a decision to go by Lily instead, and make it easier for all involved. So, I am on my way to having a completely new identity to grow into! Still getting used to seeing my name written that way on papers (sign in for attendance and contact sheets). But, very exciting! Yay!  My schedule looked something like this:  7:45-8:45   leave the house, then walk 15 minutes to subway, sit on train for 30 min, transfer to a bus, then sit another 15 minutes.  8:45-9:00  wander around the campus, looking for my first class (recalling days of my first few days at UMHB)  9:00-12:00  Class  12:00-1:00   Lunch, find the bookstore, calculate that books will cost approximately $150. Realize this is a problem, seeing as how I have $20 in my bank account.  1:00-4:00  Class, again, where we try to explain previous situation to prof, who tells us to get the money  from our husband   and get the books. Also try to explain the whole internet thing, as he is sending all handouts for the class through email. Was told to "work around it." Argh.  4:00-6:30   Fellow Advisory. We try to pick this woman's brain for the real stuff we will need to know to be good teachers in the fall. Ask questions. Lots of questions.  6:30-7:30 Commute back to Astoria  7:30-now (?) Internet cafe. Venting. Needing to do homework before the whole process begins again tomorrow.  Thank God, we have Friday off!!  In totally unrelated news, I went to the AWED Gala event last night. I got there for the 10 last official minutes, so Rocio ushered me directly to the open bar and then gave me a plate and pushed me towards the finger foods. Got slightly drunk. Then Sarah showed up, and she, Rocio, the interns and I all went to Tropica, a bar inside Grand Central, and had another drink. (Just one more).  I really needed that.   Besides that, I fed my cats and was given an appreciative "chirp" from Lena and a somersault from Sydney. (They're so talented!) Love your pets!