Ok, let's start with the formalities, shall we? I'm Liz, nice to meet you... I'm 15, and now officially a sophomore. School's only been out for a week (less than, really, but who's that picky?!) and I've already been grounded twice, once from the spice rack (So what if I like garlic?!?!) and once from the shower (Yes, I was grounded from the shower... Apparently I've been using too much water, so now I have to use my parents' shower for the rest of the week... YAY!) My dad's going to Slovakia for three weeks, starting tomorrow, and in one week my Grandma's coming from Oregon for about a month (We've yet to clean the guest bedroom, and tomorrow we're spending the day in Ramstein shopping & possibly seeing a movie, then later in the week we're going to the NAFI for a day, so she's either going to be sleeping on a pile of boxes of Christmas stuff, or we're going to throw it all in the attic...). So she'll be here for two weeks and it'll just be us girls, which means, as the first granddaughter, I'll be spoiled beyond belief, which should be very interesting when we go spend three days in Amsterdam. I've already convinced my mom I should dye my hair neon purple, I wonder what else she'll let me do? So, yeah, for the last few days I've gone swimming at the Cascades for hours on end, and on Thursday (which was supposed to be the last day of school, but the principal said we didn't have to go because Reagan died) I spent the whole day there. For two hours I hung out with Shanny, who brought along Justin, so I felt a bit like the third wheel, but oh well, I still had fun. Then she went home and I hung out with Scott, who, at one point, said he wanted to "f*** my a**" (strangely enough, not the first time that's been said to me, and, even stranger, that's the second time in two months, whith two different guys who knew nothing about the other one saying it, if that makes any sense. (If not, get over it!) It's not like I walk around with a sign on my butt saying "Do me," either, so I'm totally confused, but, then again, I always am, so what ever...). Then, later, he called me fat, so I chased him around the pool, slapped him, then stormed off. Watching him beg for forgiveness was kind of fun. Ok, really fun.Later, when he was walking around the pool, he'd put his glasses on, so I dunked him, then told him he was forgiven. So, anyways, earlier, he'd said his girlfriend had broken up with him, and that she'd been cheating, and he put his arm around me for a second (caught me off guard, I'll tell you that!) and I patted him on the back and said I was sorry his girlfriend had done that to him, and, well... after I forgave him for the fat thing, I couldn't get him out of my head, which is so scary cuz its Scott! And ever since, I've just got this constant image of him and me, well... doing stuff! Nobody's been home because it's summer vacation, so I haven't had anyone to talk to, so I've just been stuck, alone, thinking about stuff, and really hoping somebody gets online! Wow... I meant for that to be a short, simple intro post, but I guess I wrote a novel instead... Sorry!