Well, it's 4:00 in the morning, and I'm wide awake, so now you all get to hear my random opinions on a bunch of stuff that, in all likelihood, you don't care about.  For starters, I would like to share that I have finally seen a sitcom that knows how to end a series.  In the past few months, there have been many that have tried to do it right.  First, there was "Sex and the City."  It was an ending that I called months in advance, while at the same time maintaining that the ending was completely stupid, unrealistic, and disproved the point of the whole show.  Yeah.  I wasn't impressed.  Then, last week, there was "Friends."  Again, the final issues were resolved in a way that anyone who had seen more than three consecutive episodes of the show could have predicted.  While there were some small surprises in both finales, nothing worthy of "Wow.  That was a great way to end a series."  Therefore, when I found myself at home the other night, watching the finale of "Frasier," I wasn't really expecting much... and yet, this show that I barely watch managed to pull off what I can honestly say was one of the best finales ever.  Did some things work out a little fairy-tale-ish?  Yes.  (It's a 30 minute sitcom--did you really expect otherwise?)  Did the entire universe shift to ensure the complete happiness of every single character?  No.  Rather, the entire show ended with what I thought was a wonderful twist.  The main character was willing to take a huge risk, because he realized that unless we are willing to take huge risks in life, we will never reap the huge rewards.  And the best part of this?  The viewer never realized until the final moments of the show exactly what risk Frasier was taking.  Props to the writers of this show for knowing how to end a series.  To all of the other series out there that are still going, take notes.  Other recent events?  I'm up to five fire alarms in one month here.  Come on, already!  Personally, I'm thinking that this should lead to one of two conclusions:  1.  We need to provide (or mandate) some very heavy duty fire prevention education to the residents of this building, or 2.  The smoke detectors are a *little* to sensitive.  Yeah.  It's been a busy week otherwise.  Katie and I went on a little... mission out at Tim's the other day.  The mission was accomplished, and no casualties have been reported.  lol.  Today, I went over to Katie's and did her hair for the Senior Ball.  As we were sitting there, we realized that two years earlier, we had sat in the exact same apartment while Katie did my hair for my Senior Ball.  How wonderfully full-circling, don't you think?  I have a lot planned for this weekend.  Between Moving Up Ceremonies and UC's graduation, and plans tomorrow evening, I don't really have much free time at all.  But that's all right.  As long as I can fit in enough time to do all that, and perhaps catch a little sleep along the way, I'll be happy.  Am I actually going to be able to get some sleep?  That's another story.  I think that some of it may be the changes in weather.  I'm hoping that's all it is.  Because then, it doesn't necessarily mean that I am getting ready for another month long run of insomnia.  Yuck.    I'm going to go back to counting sheep now... If anyone has any other suggestions for sleeping, please feel free to share.