I think it's hardly surprising that in today's society women feel very confused about love for their child at times, considering the lack of proper support in for a new mother - we are very much alone when we begin our new "career".  Not to mention the underlying triggers that may be lingering just beneath the surface when a new mother recalls her own childhood.  I felt very much alone when I had my first-born.  What do I do today?  Oh I know, I'll get up and manage to apply a spot of make up, and wash my hair.  Then what - feed baby for the nth time that morning... shall I go shopping?  Go to a coffee morning and meet other mothers who are also feeling like grunge in these early months.. Oh dear, baby cries again, heart-piercing cries and I feel like I want to shout and scream.  There are too many facets at stake here and I think taking it down to a reductionist perspective may be one way of looking at it in terms of a mother's love being intrinsic, but I think there's more going on.  Our culture is very confused as to what is favoured, but not loving ones child is most not "PC", so there is plenty of guilt to hand out to those who feel they don't "fit in" for various reasons, PND being one of them.  Do we favour working mothers, or are they feeling permanently guilty?  Are we supposed to stay at home, or do we feel inadequate against "earth mothers".  Can we breastfeed - if not do we feel guilty - if we breastfeed in public many don't like it, if we don't then we're not doing the best for our child.  Do we get enough support if we want to breastfeed?  Usually we either chance upon the best source of support quite by accident, other times we are left to fend for ourselves.  Some prefer to fend for themselves, and that is right for them - others need the company of others and the wisdom that has gone before to tap into and find out then what works for them.  When we look at other cultures it seems there exists a much more relaxed attitude towards child rearing and the extended family - but far be it for me to generalise.  There are some cultures who want to raise fiercely independent children who are able to fight.  There are others who thrive on peace and family connections.  Yet more raise children to be able to kill for food.  No wonder many of us are confused!  Kate - 17 August 2004