In his book  urlLink  Roaring Lambs  , Bob Briner wrote about the need for Christians to engage the culture rather than running away from it. Andy O'Meara, the creator of  urlLink G-Force , a popular visualization plug-in for audio, is one such roaring lamb. You probably haven't heard much about Andy, but he's been spreading salt and light in the DJ, music and entertainment business with his fantastic products. Now he makes G-Force and other products available via  urlLink SoundSpectrum .  Andy doesn't trumpet his Christian faith on the SoundSpectrum website, but he does have plenty of opportunities to share his beliefs with the many satisfied customers who cross his path. As he explains in  urlLink his bio page  on the SoundSpectrum site:  Many people ask me how I came up with the name "G-Force" for my visual plugin. I respond that I'm Christian, and that the "G" is for God. I believe in Jesus Christ as the Bible describes, and although some parts of the Bible are open to interpretation, the concepts and claims relating to the core of Christianity are made clear and are not open for interpretation (ex, believing in Christ is not optional). But don't take my word for it -- form your opinion of Christianity from the story of Christ, not from hear-say or headlines. If you wanted a thorough understanding of a movie, you wouldn't consult critics or friends -- you'd go see the movie for yourself. I don't deny that many that have claimed to be Christian have done terrible things, but I offer that their Christianity stopped at their claims. Just because I claim that I'm a girl scout and that I like to bite the heads off chickens doesn't mean that I *am* a girl scout, nor does it mean that *real* girl scouts endorse chicken-head-biting. It's just that headlines like, "Girl Scouts Endorse Poultry Cruelty" sell well on newsstands. A person that claims to be Christian, wears a crucifix, or attends church doesn't mean that person is on a walk with God at all, so beware of who you're letting speak on the behalf of Christianity.  urlLink Who is Jesus Christ  is [a] site that describes the nuts and bolts of Christianity, presenting the story of Christ as well as answers to tough questions. It's maintained by an international and non-denominational Christian organization called Campus Crusade for Christ and has student chapters at most colleges and universities.  So there you have Andy O'Meara's approach to e-vangelism. It's nothing overt or heavy-handed -- in fact, it isn't too easy to find Andy's bio from the recently revamped SoundSpectrum site. But it's a concise, honest approach to sharing the faith with hundreds of G-Force and Whitecap fans. And O'Meara, by developing a product worth using and talking about, probably has more credibility to share his faith among visualization plug-in fans than many online "ministers."  G-Force began as freeware, and is still offered for free to the online world, but an upgrade to G-Force Gold is available for only $10. I'm a big fan of G-Force. I use an old version as a visualization tool for an old version of  urlLink Winamp  (note to self: upgrade both), and I've been very happy with the software's performance. The software works with other media players as well, and even some big-time musicians -- like Michael W. Smith -- have used the plug-in (see the  urlLink Summer 2004  entry at MusicSpectrum's news page).  So, if you'd like to support a "roaring lamb" who is quietly yet effectively being a witness in cyberspace, give Andy O'Meara's products a try.