I found out yesterday that radio talk show host Marlin Maddoux passed away on March 4, 2004.  You can view his memorial page on the Internet at the following link.   urlLink In Memory of Marlin Maddoux   I was so sad to hear this news.  In the bible the apostle Paul says to be absent with the body is to be present with the Lord.  When we die in Christ we graduate from this life into life eternal where we will spend eternity with Christ and worship and praise him for eternity.  That is our Hope in that our redemption will come full circle and we will enjoy fellowship with our God forever.  Nevertheless when someone that passes away that has made an impact on our lives like Marlin Maddoux it is natural to grieve for a period of time.  Point of View is a Christian Radio Talk Show that has touched the lives of many people through the centuries.  The following paragraphs can be found on the Point of View website about Marlin Maddoux and the show he hosted.   Marlin Maddoux is founder and president of International Christian Media and host of Point of View Radio Talk Show, as well as a noted journalist and author.   Point of View is a two-hour, issues-oriented talk radio program heard daily via satellite on more than 360 radio stations nationwide and around the world by shortwave. Maddoux, founder and host of the program for more than twenty years, covers from a conservative Christian perspective the full spectrum of issues and current events that affect our homes, beliefs, schools, government, churches and basic freedoms. In 1986, Maddoux was given the National Religious Broadcasters Award of Merit. In 1994 Christianity Today magazine called Point of View America's "most popular live Christian call-in show."  In 1985, Maddoux founded USA Radio Network, a for-profit company, which today is one of the nation's fastest-growing news radio networks with more than 1,300 affiliated radio stations across the nation. USA radio news is also carried worldwide on the Armed Forces Radio Service. USA Radio Network's broadcast center is in northwest Dallas; the network also has news stringers in 45 countries of the world. In 1994, the National Religious Broadcasters awarded the USA Radio Network its "Program Producer of the Year" Award.  Maddoux has been a frequent guest on national television and radio broadcasts including, "CBS Morning News," ABC's "Nightline," ABC's "Good Morning America," "CNN," "Focus on the Family," and many others. He has been an invited guest at the White House on several occasions, having met with both President Ronald Reagan and President George Bush. He is the author of several books, including America Betrayed, What Worries Parents Most, Free Speech or Propaganda? and A Christian Agenda: Game Plan for a New Era. His latest book is a novel, Seal of Gaia, published by Word. He is currently working on the sequel to Seal of Gaia.  Maddoux and his wife, Mary, have four grown children and ten grandchildren and reside near Dallas, Texas    Have you heard of Larry Burkett and Crown Financial Concepts?  You can learn more about the ministry and life of Larry Burkett at the following link.   urlLink Crown Financial Concepts  The following paragraphs can be found on this website as well.   Larry Burkett  Following a long and courageous battle with cancer and heart disease, Larry Burkett completed his journey of serving the Lord Jesus Christ on this earth. Having battled cancer and heart attacks for the past several years, God called Larry into His presence at 3 am on July 4th.  To say that he will be missed is a huge understatement. Larry was truly loved by all those whose lives he touched; his family, his friends and his ministry partners. He lived a life of Christian kindness and genuine humility. He was always extraordinarily generous.   Steve Moore, Crown’s radio co-host who spent so much time with Larry, related something that revealed a great deal about Larry. He said that while answering callers’ questions during Crown’s Money Matters program, Larry’s compassion was so evident. Listeners could not see, but could feel, his concern and even his tears for them.  One of the central principles Larry taught is that we don’t really own things; we are simply stewards and managers of what God has entrusted to us. In Larry’s case, that included the ministry he founded.  In 1971, Larry gave his life to Jesus Christ and committed to follow wherever the Lord would lead and to boldly teach the life-changing truths of Scripture. And he did this with all his might.   Needless to say both of these men have done their part to reach out and touch the body of Christ in a special way through the ministries that God entrusted to them.  They have certainly touched my life on many occasions and I join the rest of the body of Christ in honoring their lives and their obedience to the calling of Christ on their lives. Join me as we pray for the continuance of each ministry as well as their families that have been left behind here on earth.  We all know that we will be reunited one day on that glorious day when we leave this earth and re join our loved ones when the roll is called up yonder and we SHALL be THERE.    God bless