Here's more bullshit:    In the summer of 1997 I was the primary caregiver of a group of 8 two-year-olds.  We were all very excited to learn that we would soon be getting a new friend.  His name was Bradley.  There were already 5 boys in the group so I was a bit apprehensive.  You can imagine the activity level in our group.  It sometimes felt like there were 20 of them! So the day finally arrives and Bradley’s mother (who was to be the Kindergarten Teacher) comes through the door with Bradley clinging to her hip.  The kids all excitedly rush up to greet him.  He buries his face in his mother’s neck.  I ask the other children to give him some space and to remember how they felt their first day at Hearts Home.  I started talking to Bradley’s mother—showing her where Bradley’s cubby was, where to put his lunch, etc.  The other children slowly went back to their usual activities at their centers. Bradley finally allowed his mother to put him down and he went over to explore the lego table.  One very boisterous boy, William, decided to join him.  This sent Bradley into a mild panic.  He ran to the door seeking his mother, who was now in her classroom, which conveniently had a shared window into our room (she knew this, but Bradley did not).  Bradley would look at me, and let me comfort him, but he would not talk.   I had heard him speaking with his mother.  He was an extremely verbal 2-year-old.  However, he did not speak a word that whole day. Or the next.  After several days the children began to ask him if he could talk.  He just looked at them.  He would join in all the activities.  However, he did not speak to me or the children.  After about a week, I finally heard him talk to William, who was to become his best buddy over the next two years.  He then started speaking to me.  But in the mornings when all the others would come running in the room seeking hugs from me, Bradley would just quietly put his things away.  He still didn’t talk much to the other children either. And then one day on the playground when everyone in the group came running towards me wanting hugs, Bradley joined them.  He was the first to arrive.  And what a huge hug he received from me!  From that point on, he was part of the group.   I taught this core group of children from the time they were two until they were turning four.  We had so many, many successes.  They were toilet trained, they learned to ride trikes, they started recognizing letters and writing their names.  But Bradley’s slow but eventual connection to the group stands out in my mind as one of my most successful events.  I had just learned about different learning styles and personality types when he arrived (I had only been at the center about two months myself).  He was definitely slow to warm, but our patient understanding paid off in the end.    ( i didn't put this on the application, but not everyone was so patient.  my coteacher (and 'mentor') in the room at the time would say things to him like "you can't have a piece until you ask for it."  it was so cool to seem him just stare at her.  haha.  so much for her brilliant plan. )