I suppose that I should start this post off with a disclaimer.   Disclaimer:   I still love my boyfriend even if he is the most forgetful idiot sometimes. I'm sure that I also render myself a fool from time to time (an instance with a particular brand of donut comes to mind), so I cannot harbor ill-will toward him for long.      Now, here's the reality of things.  My morning was a morning from hell. And not just in that woke up late and feel hung over sort of way. No, no, no. It was much more in that nothing can go right way that makes you feel like laughing and crying at the exact same time much to your own dismay. It was one of those mornings that starts off with a bad night that just circles its way into the rest of your day. Let's start from the beginning.  Crawled into bed at about 11 p.m. last night after a long, hard night of playing  Mario Kart .   I was ready to hit the sack something awful. I pull back the covers, turn on the fan and jump into bed while R. putzes around the house turning off lights and avoiding tripping over the cat. He crawls into bed a few minutes later and hits the lights after setting the alarm clock to 6:45 a.m. Kat, his new roomie, has moved in and has to be at work at 8 a.m., so I need to be up a little earlier to get in the shower and get ready for my 8 a.m. day. Hence, the alarm being set earlier than usual. I pass out cold within ten minutes. I am woken up about ten minutes after that to R. yelling at the cat to get off the desk. He jumps up and throws him on the floor. I mumble nasty things about stupid cat and go back to sleep.  I wake up at 2:00 having to pee like you wouldn't believe. I attribute it to the diet Dr. Pepper and stumble to the bathroom, all the way cursing my need to drink soda that late at night. I flush, the toilet decides not to wash the toilet paper down, as it often does if don't hold the handle for precisely the right amount of time before washing your hands, and I say "screw it" and shut the lid. Whatever. I'm gross, sue me. I crawl back into bed, arrange myself next to R. and around the cat, and fall back asleep.  Train rumbles through about 3 or so and Lance, our cat, decides that this is his cue to be bitchy. Mroew...meoroow.... Scratch on the bed. Turn in circles. Jump on me. He tries to physically push his way in between my hip and R.'s even though there is only enough space for maybe one of his legs. I grumble and push him away. He licks my leg and lays back down. Fall back asleep.  Lance decides it's 5 a.m., so he better wake us up again. This time, he scratches at the door and meows loudly. He's being ten different kinds of obnoxious. I want to kick him. R. throws him out the door and shuts it, but it's too late. I have to pee again. More cursing of the Dr. Pepper and some cursing of the cat. Back to bed. Sleep. Lance pushes the door open and runs into the room to start his crap again. Meowing and jumping around and nuzzling your face to wake you up. It's 5:15 a.m.! I don't have time for this. R. throws him out again and pushes the door closed then puts a chair in front of it. Sometimes it latches, sometimes not. Hence, Lance getting in when we shut it earlier. I mumble something about setting the alarm for 6:55 because I need the extra ten minutes. I hear the beep beep beep of the alarm buttons and R. rolls over to tell me it's changed.  Sunshine on my face. What time is it? HONK HONK HONK. The neighbor gets his morning wake up from the guy out front. He always honks at..... dammit, R. what time is it? Um, 7:05 a.m. What happened to the alarm; it didn't go off! Oh....I, um, I set it for 7:55 (I have to be at work at 8 a.m., remember?) Jump out of bed, throw back the covers on his side so he is cold and has to get up. Stomp to the bathroom. I grab my toothbrush and brush like a mad woman. Then head upstairs to Clay's apartment to shower since the bathroom downstairs is still in disrepair a week after we got there. The toilet up there has no water. What the hell? Oh, R. turned it off to fix something. I try to get in the shower. No water there. R. turned it off when they fixed the pipe yesterday afternoon. He turns it back on. I turn the water on. White chunks fly out of the faucet and the room suddenly smells like acetone. They used acetone to fix it, but it should be dry. I'm going to smell either like dirty person or acetone. Hmmm...I let it run for a minute more and then just jump in. No time to shave the legs, I'll wear pants.  Hop out of the shower and head downstairs in my towel. Meet Kat on the stairs going up to shower and apologize quickly for the tardiness. Start to throw on clothes. Blow dry hair. Style. Put on make-up. Realize that I'm still a little bit on time. Run down to the basement to grab a few decorations for my desk. Grab three picture frames (w/pictures), my diplomas from MU, and my Yoda figurine. Throw them into a bag. Grab my insurance paperwork. R.'s made me a bagel with cream cheese. Yum. He's also given me $6 for lunch since I had no time to make my lunch this morning. Yay.  I realize I can't find my keys. R. had them last for the run for chili powder yesterday evening. I ask him where they are. He can't find them in his jeans' pockets or on the desk. I assume he locked them in the car, but that's okay because my driver side window will go down if you push on it a little. I run outside. Door is unlocked--that's not good. Keys are in the ignition--um, really not good unless you want your car stolen. I show him my most steely look. I throw the stuff in the car, retrieve my bagel from him, and give him a quick peck. I turn the key in the ignition and realize it doesn't have to turn very far. Quoi? I look down. Yeah, it's been on all night long. The key was facing in the forward "on" place that isn't really on, but lets your radio work anyway. What the hell? My battery is dead! Dammit, R.! What were you doing? He frantically calls everyone in Rolla that he knows, all three of them right now. Kat's left already. No one is answering. I look at my cell for the time. 8:13 a.m. I was supposed to be there at 8 a.m. It's only my 5th day. Growl. Growl. Growl. I grab my stuff and start marching up the sidewalk--I have to walk, blister on my foot from yesterday's shoes and all. (A string of nasty curse words is going through my head at this time, but I'm too much of a lady to share them all). R. chases after me. I turn around and give him my most deadly look. He puts out his bottom lip and gets the puppy eyes. I crack a smile. Argh!!! And I wanted to be mad.  I got to work at 8:23. Not too late. Still, it sucked. I have officially been offered a nice dinner/ movie night for my trouble this morning. And it's all because of Robo. At least that's what he said. It was just one of those mornings that you expect on a Monday but not on a Friday. Although it is Friday the 13th. Maybe there is such a thing as bad luck. Or, as R. likes to say, it was a miracle. God made me late this morning on purpose because he didn't want anything bad to happen to me and it might have if I had actually gotten out of the house on time. Whatever it was, it was irritating at the time. Although it has the funny angle now. Hmmm....  I need to do some work. I'm outta here for now.