Hey! Right now I have a massive headache! Oww...  Anyways I think the reason why I have this headache now is because I have been debating like all week on what will be my weekend plans. I mean I have camping that I want to go do with my family, I have the movies that I want to go to with my boyfriend, I have babysitting that I have to do today for my sister, I have a table to finish at home for the camper,  and  I have a Computer Club Game Day that I have really been looking forward to for the past three weeks. I know that I can put off lacquering the table or going to the movies, but my boyfriend will get mad at me if I ask him if we can postpone our date  again . The table really isn't that important though, just as long as I have it don't by next week. But I can't put off babysitting because my sister really wants to go out with her boyfriend and I can understand why; it's hard to raise a child when your still a child yourself. And I can’t put off Game Day because it's my only chance to get out and have fun (and I'm sorry but it's not fun when you are trying to not fall asleep during a movie because your boyfriend is there). And If I don't get out to have just a  little bit  of fun I swear I will explode! Dad said though that on payday sometime he will give me a few dollars to go do whatever I want. I'm also looking forward to that. Anyways, I was talking to one of my friends last night and we were talking about letting our feelings out. He was having a bad day (well week/ year =/) and he told me all about it. Then, afterwards, we were talking about how I should let loose and tell him my feelings. I would have, to, if I actually talked about my feelings. I prefer to keep my problems to myself. I don't know why, it's just the way I am. I would like to tell the world about my horrible days (when I have one) and just complain and complain until all of the weight was off of my shoulders, but I can't. I have never been able to, and I don't intend on trying anymore. I gave up a  long  time ago.  Anyways enough of that… I would like to go talk to him again. Just to argue a little bit more with him ;). LOL, its all good, though… Anyways, I got to go, so Bye!