urlLink    Cute, completely irrelevant picture of Tammy and me before our departure to Japan.  urlLink     I've been meaning to write about this for the past several days, but I had that business trip and then all those houseguests, so this is my first chance.  I've noticed that I talk a lot of smack about people. No, really; I have been slandering, sizing up, mildly criticizing, or harshly condemning most of the people I have met on this program. It was starting to come up a lot in Tokyo during my first orientation, but then it was over and I came to my town. Then, during this second orientation in  Yamaguchi City , it really started coming out a lot. I wondered if I was getting out of hand, then I wondered if I was earning a reputation for being negative, backstabbing, or just plain gossipy.  Later that night, after proclaiming that I found this girl stupid and that guy pretentious and this other girl okay, but just a little too attention-needy, I felt very sad. I couldn't figure out why for a long time. (It wasn't because I was unhappy with my behavior, 'cause I'm way too pompous for that) Then I discovered that my sadness was a form of  homesickness . See, I have an established persona among my friends. It's abrasive, it can sting, but it's usually humorous and warm and one can find insecurity and self-deprecation if one bothers to scratch any depth below the most superficial layer. I feel like my friends know this, and they accept it in me. To be sure, a lot of people don't accept it, which is why I will never have a black book teeming with best buds...just a choice handful.  But here, the atmosphere is completely different. Everyone is purportedly on the same side, and we are all somewhat confused and vulnerable, and most people are just trying to enjoy some company, trying to forge some  friendships . However, in being myself, I have found that I feel guilty and petty for being so critical and mouthy.   That night, I was missing my friends. I was missing the feeling of being myself without second-guessing the impact of my words or the image I was projecting. I was saying  catty  stuff, then thinking, "Oh, I hope they don't think I'm a bad person now. I sure do say a lot of mean stuff. Maybe I should give it a rest. Everyone is just trying to get along; no one has done me any harm."  After I finally pieced all this together, I made a decision. Yeah, I'm a negative person, or I can easily seem so to anyone listening. Yeah, I am judgmental and I don't like lots of people and I can't keep quiet about it. Yeah, even when I do like someone I still notice their flaws. And guess what?   Lots   of people are going to dislike me for that. Lots of people are going to think I'm way too pretentious, or petty, or conceited, or unpleasant. But that's me. That's how it is back in Dallas...it's just that I never really have to associate with the ones I've already dismissed, so there's really no chance for things to get any worse.   Here, I am a member of a subset of the population in Japan, and word might get around. People might not like me. I might be seen unfavorably, due to my own actions. And I just have to accept that. I have to own that just as much as I owned it in Dallas. I was never  Miss Congeniality  in America, so why start now? I can't express my opinions, then try to squirm out of the impressions that people will get based on my very own words. I can't pass my judgments, then expect other people to withhold theirs.  Yep, this is me in Japan: negative, sniping, catty, judgmental Angela (also funny, friendly, and laidback at times). Dallas, don't you miss me?