to start off, i will add something that i forget to say, from our Wal*Mart experience. while we were waiting for the bus, i decided to wave at every car thsat drove by, to see what the people would do. i recieved the following:   45 waves   4 head nods   2 really big smiles (a smile had to be of a certain size, and not contain a hand wave, to be considered an actual, seperate gesture)   1 salute   1 middle finger       now, on to the Disco dance from last night.... it was better that i thought it would be... somewhere in the middle the music changed from disco to "urban", which was equally terrible, but near the end they threw in a few good songs, so i was happy (and people got to hear my wonderful singing voice!)..... the gym was SOOO HOTTT, and everyone was soaked with sweat, then when we left it felt great to be outside in the cool air, but then it started to pour within seconds, so we went from wet and boiling to wet and freezing LOL. the best part of the night was the fact that they had TWO of those big red jug thingys full of   MacDonalds Orange Drink!   That stuff is SOOO good!       since i was sweaty and wet and cold and gross, i had a shower before i went to bed, and its a good thing i did, because this morning when my alarm went off at 7, i just turned it off, went back to bed, and slept until 7:45 (which is the time that we meet for breakfast.... i was there for 8 LOL)       today in class, my oral presentation with Amanda M. went fairly well... we never actually read off the paper while we were saying our lines, os thats good LOL. also, the Amandas and I have taken complete control over our part of the class project to be presented to the rest of the students, and its REALLY good (the best of the three groups in our class)... we have all kinds of jokes, some of them being of the "inside" variety, of course.       today is free time (after classes ended at 12) so we are doing nothing, and then we are going to see Spiderman 2 (i saw it before i came here, but its good enough to see again!)    tomorrow we are going whale watching, so i wont be here to talk, and sunday the computer room is closed (i will be doing my laundry)   thats all for now i guess. all you people in Renfrew, have fun at Valleyfest this weekend! Au revir!