Last night was fun.  I had my private in Sangin which was really good.  It is fun to be back in that part of town from time to time.  I then went over to Fenton's where we played a couple hands of poker.  They started really early and I couldn't' make the first half but I did pretty well for myself in the hour that I did play.  In the end I was up around 10k I think.  I only won three hands but most of it came from a pretty big hand that involved Rob, Caleb and I.  I ended up taking it with a full house.  I think that hand alone was in the 7k range.  Fenton bet all this 10 won coins at some point and I was unlucky enough to win that hand.  But when I got home I put all that change that I didn't want into the birthday present that is a Tequila Slamma bottle piggie bank.  Next time we need to play longer and do it on a night where everyone can show up early enough.  Andrew brought my rice cooker back so I think I'll cook me some rice and something tonight to celebrate.   On the way home I had one the more interesting cab rides in my Korean career.  It was this lady (which is weird to begin with b/c I'm going home at almost 2 in the morning) who was between 40-50 and very talkative.  At some point she was talking about sex I think and me hooking up with prostitutes.  Then she stated making suggestive motions with her little finger as if to imitate a penis.  Then she show me pictures of her daughter, who looked pretty darn good.  So my conclusion, I think she wanted to whore her daughter out to me.  Or maybe not, stuff gets lost in translation you know. Ok something really odd just happened to me.  I was sitting here typing and this kid just walking up right next to me and preceded to stare at me.  I turned and looked at the kid who just continued to stare at me.  I said "anyoung" (hello) and then he ask me if I was Korean, because I look so Korean I guess.  I told me him know and then he asked if I was American and I said yes.  Then he went away.  At first I thought he might be one of my students but most definitely not.   Speaking of students, I think I'll go teach some now.