I'm going to become a substitute teach in the East Whittier School District.  They require that I get a TB skin test.  I was given a shot on Wednesday and had to have it looked at on Friday. -11/28/03. Friday. approx. 7:04 p.m. I arrive at the Whittier Community Hospital Emergency Room.  The waiting room was packed.  The woman behind the front desk told be to come back around 11.  I went and had some coffee and tacos.  I listened to a man play 'Free Bird.' -Friday. approx. 10:13 p.m. I arrive at the The Whittier community Hospital Emergency room for the second time.  As stand in the entrance doorway, I notice a pregnant woman doubled over at the front desk.  She is groaning, writhing in pain. -approx. 15 seconds later The woman lets out a bloodcurdling scream.  I hear a slimy noise, then see water splash on the tile floor beneath her.  Blood mixes with the water.  The packed waiting room is in shock as am I. -approx. 15 seconds later I hear crying coming from the direction of the women.  The noise is not coming from her mouth.  A reasonably-sized lump appears in her jogging pants.  The entire waiting room rises to it feet as if a touchdown has been scored.  Medical personal scurry like rodents.  A wheelchair is brought for the women.  One of the crowd yells, "No, she'll sit on the baby!"  The woman is eased into the chair.  I am still standing in the doorway of the entrance, holding my green half-sheet of paper for a doctor to sign regarding my TB skin test.  They pull down her pants to reveal a baby.  A BABY.  Alive.  A real baby.  Slimy.  Disgusting.  A nurse holds the baby.  There is a real umbilical cord.  There is blood.  I am too shocked to vomit or faint.  A nurse tells me to close the doors.  I try to close them.  No, move away from the doors.  They close on their own.  I move the wrong way.  A nurse guides me into the waiting room, past the puddle of human liquids, toward the chairs.  A man asks me, Are you the father?  I tell him that I am not.  He says, it makes you not want to have kids for a while, huh?  I nod.  On a TV above me was a news segment showing mothers in a shoving match outside of a Toys R Us earlier this morning, the Friday after Thanksgiving.  A boy next to me is playing with a dinosaur puppet.  He asks me if I have any money.  I'm poor, I say.  I give him 13 cents.  Do you want my car, I ask.  He laughs and steps on Cheeze-its that are on the floor.  A janitor wheels out a cart and begins to clean the floor near the front desk.  I walk past her and show my green paper to the woman behind the desk.  I can wait for however long it takes, I say, I don't have a lot to do.