the past 2 nights have been some kind if mild milestone in my life. it had brought me closer to my family, to my friend and, fortunately, to my senses.  the other night, my brother and i were surfing the net late at night [about 10:45]. my YM was on-line when suddenly, someone sent me a message. oh my God! it was Lyle! i was shocked but i didn't let my brother see i was so shocked. i just told him to chat with Lyle since he wanted to. so, they did. i was reading their conversation and how he and Gian joked each other. i remember so well that Lyle inquired about me thrice. first was when he asked where was i. my brother told him i wasn't there[i told him to say that!] and when Lyle asked him where i was, he answered, "sa tabi ko[beside me]" oh boy, my sarcastic bro. next was when gian asked Lyle of his gimmicks, Lyle mentioned something about running away with me. nice.... last was when he said he was thinking of me. so sweet... i know he's just kidding then, but hey, it's still  kakilig    what am i saying? i like jammi now. he sent me a message the other day. he said he missed me so and that he will try to find out what happened with my YM the other day. he said his friend who had the 3-way line was itching to me,"jammi's girl". honestly, i like that but i said i wasn't sure with his proposal. i haven't talked to him in a while since he hasn't bee on-line lately.i don't know why i feel like i don't trust him. it's like i'm holding back. maybe...it's safe this way....  last night was fun! we watched my bro's graduation on the tape tito cocoy recorded. then we taped ourselves. it was so cool and funny! and i realized my voice was so weird. i don't know if i really talk that way or if i was just different that night. i also saw how nice our home looks like. very cozy.....  i've been chatting with raxzeez[i don't know his name] a lot lately. he's really coming on to me. saying it will take time for me to love him. whatever! i saw his picture on friendster and, man, i don't know how he got himself a girlfriend. he's really not my type and he looked old for his age. weird thing is, i kept having these sexy thoughts about him. i must be lonely.....hahahaha!!!!  bahala na.