It is absolutely amazing how ones perspective can change in just a few short days.  Nothing life altering can happen and then *bam* all of a sudden one tiny miniscule moment can make you someone else.  My defining moment was with Fucking Karen last Friday.  She berated me again for something that was A) Out of my hands and B) None of Her Damn Buisness.  So I realized that Fucking Karen and the HSC are being moved into the category of "Things Which Will Eventually Kill Me."  Outside of the fact that the job here is horrendous, and no one knows what we're doing or anything, I've decided that every person here hates me.  No one likes me.  Yup.  And its sucking my soul away.  I cried this morning in the car because I detest coming in here so much.  I was late again, btw, so that's just one more thing that Fucking Karen can hold against me.  My one true flaw: being unable to make it to a job I hate on time.  So this  is why I'm a miserable person.  I"m working my ass off to earn money in a job I don't enjoy in the slightest for people who think I'm a bad bad person.  The thought rather mellows one.  I don't personally understand it.  I work hard.  Sometimes.  When there's hard work to be done, that is.  *sigh*  Good news: Monkeypants brought me a flower this morning.  :)  Before work.  Just because he loves me.  Bad news: He's going home to Brownwood for three days, leaving me here.  Good news: I have a job interview tomorrow.  Bad news: I don't have any idea what type of job it is.  Good news: The H*Factor and I are speaking again.  She even bought me a shirt this weekend because she thought I'd like it.  Bad news: I'm too tired to hang out with her tonight and this is probably going to hurt her feelings again.  Good news: I slept close to 12 hours on Saturday night.  Bad news: This means I didn't fall asleep until four this morning.  Maybe why I was late.  Good news: Monkeypants has *finally* put a resume together.  Bad news: He's not doing anything with it.  There's the long and the short of it.  I've decided not to hold the ultimatium to Monkeypants that I've declared.  I'm being way to bitchy with him about finding an internship.  If the boy doesn't want to work, then he doesn't want to work.  He makes enough money to support himself and when he gets unhappy enough with the hotel he'll start looking for something to keep him occupied.  Here's the catch though, I'm not going to tell him that I'm giving the ultimatium up; if he reads it in the Blog, great, otherwise, I'm going to let him think I'm still worrying about it.  He needs some drama in his life right now.