Yesterday we walked, yes folks that's right,  walked  to the Vatican City.  All the way across Rome wearing our trusty flip flops.  We have made friends with an Australian teacher called Tenille who came with us on our journey and shared the aches, pains and blisters of the 8 mile journey (there and back by the way, we're not quite that hardened just yet).  The Vatican was immense, a completely aweinspiring facade as we entered St. Peter's Square and looked upon the Basilica.  The queue was long but moved along quickly and when we got to the entrance we had to make sure that we were appropriately dressed.  By this, women had to have their shoulders and knees covered and men had to have their shoulders and ankles covered.    We had a guide around the Basilica who told us numerous stories of the different Popes (including the one lady pope) and of Michelangelo, who's first sculpture is housed there (Mary cradling the dead Jesus).  Then it was on another tour around the Vatican Museum, which was HUGE.  (we didn't get much of a sit down for lunch either, so we were all really feeling it by this point)  Points of interest included several very famous Greek Sculptures including th Lacoon Group and, of course, the Sistine Chapel.  The stillness and significance of the chapel was interrupted somewhat by the guards shouting 'No camera, no video' at various tourists who dared to disobey in the house of God.  We walked back and had a good long sleep.  Boy, were we tired.  In the evening we went for a meal (pizza, naturally) in downtown Rome and then we to view the Colessuem by night and took some really good pictures which we hope will come out well.  At the restaurant, Gemma proudly asked for the bill in Italian "Il Konto por vavore..." (spelling might be slightly inaccurate) but it did the job.  She's definately going native these days.  We've been affected slightly by the pollution and Gem has developed a little cough which does tend to shake the whole bunk bed when she has a little fit in the mornings!  I am trying to learn the italian for "Please can we have some cough mixture for a dry cough?" as this may come in handy.  I have been bitten by the monster of all mosquitos and my arm has come up a treat.  We don't think we need the italian for this because it's actually quite easy to mime a mossi and a bite and then show the arm.    Incidentally, i did find out the Italian for "My dog is lost in the lake" but have since forgotten it.  Poor Rover, one day we'll get him sorted out....  Nicky and Carolyn - we hope you are having a fantastic time in Florida!  Four marbles and counting....not even a single hangover, how good are we...?