so this last weekend, i spent my time being very domestic. i cooked and cleaned. and cleaned some more. did some yard work. and cleaned again. in the middle of all the cleaning, i also made time to watch the videos of two plays in which i "starred" in high school.    oh my god.    they are the best tapes ever.    in the history of the world.    i mean, i haven't laughed so hard in a long time, and one was a drama about women during the vietnam war!    where to begin? the first one i watched was our senior play. originally, our drama teacher (and my second mother all through high school, gorne) picked  house of blue leaves , which is a dark comedy that was a bit too racy for one of our drama nerd lot, so she dropped that idea and we instead did this british comedy called  not now, darling , which basically amounted to a two-hour episode of "three's company." lots of wacky misunderstandings, girls running around in slips, unfaithful husbands and wives, and the hapless mr. crouch (played by my friend jeff) in the middle of it all trying to keep everything together. god i wish we could have done  house of blue leaves . the play we did was funny, but for all the wrong reasons. we had done a such a poor job of converting the "british humour" into something that could be taking place in nyc (we changed the location from some british city because it was either that, or have the whole cast use terrible british accents...which would have been hilarious). and me, i wasn't very funny at all, and it's quite embarrassing to think that i performed that in front of hundreds of people who paid to see it. those poor, poor people.    the second play i watched (the only other one i own), i did my junior year, and it was my award-winning* turn as "steele" in this play about, like i mentioned earlier, u.s. women in vietnam during the vietnam war called,  a piece of my heart . it's as heavy-handed as it sounds. apparently we really moved people though. we made a math teacher, who was a vet, cry. we so moved the vice-principal, that she decided every u.s. history student (pretty much every junior in the school) should have to watch it...and so we performed it three times during a school day for three groups of our peers who were forced to watch us cry and yell and curse vietnam, the vietnamese, the liars in the government, and war in general...    and i take off his boot...AND HIS FOOT IS IN HIS BOOOT! *sob* *sob*    stuff like that. i'm pretty sure that forcing everyone in my class to see that play is what got me nominated the following year for "most talented." before that, there was no way anyone outside of my nerd circle could have known that i did anything that might need some kind of talent...   anyways, besides discovering how horribly problematic it was for us to perform that play as high school students for a high school audience (the play uses the word "gook" like there's no tomorrow; shows vietnamese characters as sinister; there's even a scene where one of the nurses is given "gook's ears" by a potential paramour, and initially mistakes them as dried apricots...sure maybe it's real...but it's really fucked up stuff to be coming out of a 16-year-old's mouth)...so besides all that, i just watched and remembered the rehearsals and how much fun i had putting that play together...the same with  not now, darling ...and every other play i was in, the bad and the relatively better.   i don't know. i guess in general, watching those tapes reminded me of a simpler, freer time...   not that high school was perfect or anything. far from it. like countless other people, i still bear the scars of the ruthless pecking order of high school hell. i still grapple with massive insecurity issues that stem back to not belonging to that middle class/upper middle class (now that i'm older, i realize that there were no truly "rich" people at my public high school), j. crew/gap/doc martin sandal-wearing elite. at the same time, i was never confident enough to say, "fuck you anyways" and just go off and do my own thing. so as a result, again like so many others, i just felt like someone who didn't really belong anywhere. sad, but true...    well except when it came to drama (and speech and debate). there, i ruled.    actually...maybe that's why i like torturing myself by watching these tapes...it reminds me of a time when i felt like i was really good at something.    now, as the tapes show, whether i was ACTUALLY good or not is a whole different discussion. but i was told by other people that i was good. and i must have had some confidence in my own talent and skill, or else i wouldn't have mustered the courage to do what i did in front of people...i don't think anyways.    i do remember, however, that by the time i did my last play (the musical  little shop of horrors ), increasing stage fright had crept up on me, and it was to the point where, everytime i went backstage, i would have to do a script check before i re-emerged...even though i'd memorized my lines.    strange.    in any case, here i am, almost ten years after i was casted in my first high school play...   forgive the departure, but actually, i should say, "horribly miscasted." that first play was an adaptation of agatha christie's  a murder is announced , in which i played christie's classic recurring character "miss marple." MISS MARPLE!!! in case you're not familiar with miss marple, this is her as she was portrayed by joan hickson in the tv adaptations of 12 of her sleuthy adventures...       yeah, that's who i played...   for added comic effect, remember...this is me:   ME as an old english lady sleuth. and can you even IMAGINE how atrocious my accent probably was? thank god our performances didn't start getting taped until my junior year...   i digress, now ten years after that,  i think i can find some inspiration from that experience. in that first play i did, in all likelihood, i sucked. hell, i'm watching the tapes from three years after that play, and you know? i wasn't all that spectacular...not necessarily anyways. to my credit (and to my fellow performers' credits), the camera adds 10 pounds...AND you lose *something* when it's not live.   but you know, i liked acting...i loved it. i practiced so hard, and showtime came, and i went out there and did it.    i did it repeatedly.    i just went for it.    at some point, i started getting more hesitant. more self-conscious. that was evident even when, as a senior, i started relying so heavily on having my script with me at all times, even when i was performing. something inside of me got really scared and insecure about something.    i think now's the time i need to begin a quest to rediscover that fifteen-year-old incarnation of me that took her korean/black ass, sat down and made up a horrible english accent, memorized her lines, sprayed some crusty grey shit in her hair (for that "old english lady" effect), and got on stage and played "miss fucking marple" for the world to see.    *award-winning = i won a "gorne" award for that part for outstanding performance in  a piece of my heart  which was voted on by my peers. bow down bitches.