I will say now that I've been able to locate a few PC bangs around where I live I'm thrilled that the trend in this part of town is to have a smoking and a no smoking section.  This is really pretty cool.  Why aren't all PC rooms like this?  I got an awesome nights sleep last night and woke up early, around 8:30 I think.  I hit the gym about 10 and then went downtown.  The gym I'm at now is a far cry from my previous on in Sangin.  As annoying and goofy as the trainers were at my last gym the place itself was pretty badass.  This place I'm going to now barely cuts it.  But it is so close to where I live and work and there is absolutely nobody there during the day so that helps make up for it.  Another big plus is the fact they have showers with warm water.  The shower in my apartment is really the saddest excuse for a means of cleaning oneself as you will ever see.  It takes forever to heat the damn water and then there is dick for water pressure.  On a positive note I did see Becky today in Seattle's best.  I also saw a teacher I worked with whose name is "Smile".  I asked her Korean name and she said again "Smile".  I'm not sure if she understood my question.  I wasn't asking what Korean people her, I was wondering what her given name was.  Maybe it really is Smile.  That would be kinda funny.   So work today dragged some serious ass.  I don't know what it was but the minutes were just not ticking away.  In my last class I had a group of five boy who were on open 5 lesson 15 (for those of you affiliated with LIKE).  Since I am the new teacher they started asking me all kinds of questions.  Then things started getting a little sketchy when one of them asked me if I liked sex.  I later found out this kid is 14, Korean 14 I think.  Of course I said no.  When I asked what his hobby was he said sex.  I then inquired how this was possible since he didn't have a girlfriend.  This is where it really gets either interesting or just scary.  He then demonstrated that he goes into restaurant bathrooms and "gets it on".  This was conveyed by him running around the room thrusting his pelvis.  He was later nice enough to tell me in only costs 50k to have sex in Japan and 35k in Korea.  Wow was I surprised.  Funny part is the kid speaks really pretty good English.   Ok guys we have to get some serious crazy this weekend.  I have two months of partying built up inside and I'm ready to let it all out.  I might have to take a little slower Friday night.  I don't want to jump all in on the first night.  I think it might be a good warm up for Saturday which is the real night out.  But we'll see.  I'm finally glad I got a chance to blog.  When I was downtown blogspot wasn't working.  Then the first PC room I went to was full.  Have you guys seen a full PC room?  It was nuts.  I got nothing more to say.