Saturday...   ...Went pretty slowly. I woke up a bit sore and knew that I had a cold... But I was fine for the day. I spent the whole morning and a great part of the afternoon talking to friends online (mostly Amber.) At 4 pm I had a meeting with the SAD group, and I got them the news that the new cluster is underway, and gave them instructions for scripts they have to write to automate certain processes on the cluster. But before that, on the way there, I stopped over at Amber's to drop off the pumpkin ice cream for later that night, and found out that Tracy was sick, so we weren't going to meet that night. I hope she's alright, I haven't seen her online since Friday. She's probably staying in bed and getting taken care of by Jeff. About 1/2 hour after I got back Morgan appeared. He had gone to Houston just as I had thought, but he was actually planning to run a game that night (which I didn't think would happen). Anyway, I took alight nap (couldn't sleep well with the cold, but at least I could recover from the fever that was assailing me), and then Morgan bursts into my room and says that Amber and Rebecca were at the door. Apparently they had gone to Pancho's and brought me sopapillas, which I thought was very nice and considerate of them. Anyway, apparently the rest of the gaming group had launched a stealth ninja assault on the apartment and were gathered in the living room already, so we started the game. Honestly, it was a boring game that night... A dungeon crawl with fight after fight, and Morgan was bitching a lot about Jeff's game. At one point we got into a discussion about calculating die rolls on percentiles and I got really pissed off because they fucking kept interrupting me... I almost snapped there. I went straight to bed after the game, but couldn't sleep for a good while, so I started thinking about a lot of stuff and got really depressed and cried myself to sleep. But that's ok, a good night's sleep helped me out a lot, and I feel a lot better now.