Well you'll be glad to hear that I'm in a much chirpier mood than when I sat down and wrote my last entry.  I'm  currently back in London again staying with Rose and David once more so I'm typing this in their little spare room after having had something of an action packed day.  This morning was spent charity shopping in Wimbeldon and I'm pleased to say that I came home with a pair of white/creamy linen trousers from Gap which I'm very pretty chuffed with.  I really love buying clothes in charity shops.  I always feel so virtuous when I buy things which I know have hardly been worn and would probably have cost me ten times the price had I bought them new.  Because the stuff isn't ridiculously expensive it also gives you the chance to experiment and buy daft things that you know will probably only venture out of your wardrobe once or twice before you take them back to Oxfam to be resold.     Anyway, my account of my shopping purchases, fascinating as it may be,  is not today's real news.  I had another job interview this afternoon at an FE college in North London and - gasp! - do I hear the popping of champagne corks? - I got the job.  However (sigh - yes there is indeed as often in life, a catch) although I would be teaching refugees which is the area that I want to get more experience in,  they're only offering me two evenings a week albeit at 20 quid an hour.  Obviously I've said yes, but it means that I'll have to find other work during the day and if I find a full time teaching job in the south of the city then I may well have to pull out or be forced to hike across London twice a week.  My glass is half empty, my glass is half full...  I suppose I should just shut up and be pleased - it goes to show that when you get up off your arse and look for work then there's work to be found as the woman got my C.V because I just took a copy of the Yellow Pages for London and cold called all the F.E colleges I thought would run ESOL (English as a Second Language acryonm fans) collecting the email addresses of relevant people, asking for application forms, blah, blah, so my labouring as a researcher is bearing fruit and will continue to do so I hope.   I'm looking forward to moving to London as the point of moving back to England is to be near my friends again and not to constantly feel like I'm living in an alien (not to mention alientating) place.   You can't blame the frogs really.  It's not their fault they're arseholes, they're just born that way (heh, heh, heh).     So, overall, things are looking up and appear to be moving in the right direction.  Hurrah.  If anyone has any advice to offer on places to live/not to live in Londinium please feel free to aim your pearls of wisdom in my direction...   I've now decided that I'll definitely be in the big smoke as from September as will the errant Sylvia who has decided to leave Sunny Sheffield and move in with Dave from Essex.   Hope the poor boy knows just what's hit him...  ;)