I'm now in the capital of Vietnam and what an interesting place it is.  I had a long train ride to get here but at least it's over.  It really wasn't that bad but I'm not hurrying back anytime soon.  I've found a pretty killer hotel that had a promotion going on and I'm getting all kinds of goodies for really cheap (satellite tv, air-con, hot water a fridge etc.).  I have to make my way to the airport tonight to pick up Gyeh-son.  In theory this should be easy but I'm sure there will be some kind of bump in the road (b/c there always is).   I've spent the afternoon looking around the old quarter, which is where I'm staying, and it seems like quite a nice place.  I found several bookstores and the local tourist department store.  They have one really good bookstore the only problem is that the selection is full of almost all college textbooks.  Come on really, who comes here and wants to pick a $100 text book on accounting?  I guess a lot of people judging from the selection.  I'll see if I can't find a used bookstore or something along that line.   I got a decent amount of sleep last night I think.  I pretty much figured I'd get none but I managed to konk out for a bit.  I had a bunk and there was a ceiling fan so this made things tolerable.  There were a ton of people in my cart.  It was all moms that were bunking with their kids.  It looked like it would be a mess but they all went to sleep and got the hell off the bus pretty early so I was left all alone for most of the morning.  The icing on the cake was when a random kid was walking by my section and puked all over the place.  Just my luck huh?  Thankfully the other people hadn't left yet and they cleaned most of it up.  I can't believe the father (who was with the child at the time) didn't come back to clean it up or even apologize.   I'm looking forward to sleeping in the same place for 3 or 4 nights in a row.  I'm ready for things to slow down a bit for a few days.  I've got to figure out how I'm going to get to Loas.  I'll do this in the next few days.  I want to fly but this might not be possible as it might be a little pricey.   Nothing more to say.  Life is good.  Love to all.