urlLink    I am in Dongdameun, (One of the busiest areas in Seoul, crazy shopping deals) here, although this is a recent picture (due to me not having a digital camera before) It shows you one of the first amazing places that I saw in Korea...  I arrived in Korea on Sept/28/2002 and was picked up at Incheon Internation airport by my dad's friends. I was to stay at Mr.Kim's house for my first little while and they would get me familar with all the new things that I was to expect. My dad's buddies are wealthy business men so as soon as we got home and I was able to get cleaned up, we were off to the nearest Kalbi (Korean BBQ beef) house for dinner and drinks. There I had my first taste of  urlLink SOJU , Korea's version of VODKA, which is consumed by the gallons by Koreans.  My first Korean drinking experience was a learining one, I learned how to pour booze to seniors..which is using two hands, one on the bottle and one holding your arm.  Later that week, I was able to meet a Korean guy through a contact of my sister's company in Calgary. He showed me around and took me out to Hongdae, which means Hongik University. This area is jumping full of clubs. This is were I met Jung-Min, we began to date a few days later and have been with eachother since...She is a lovely girl and you will get to know her more thru my blog.  Let's again fast forward, this time to my second month here. I was working at my dad's friends company doing this and that, but knew eventually I would have to break away and look for some full-time work...of course as an English teacher. I thought this would be a breeze, getting a Visa and then a job, with all the benefits like housing. This did not happen, I had huge troubles getting my Visa due to the fact I had a registered Korean name (Ka Young---it's actually a chick's name) and being 25 years old I was a prime candidate for mandatory military service...NO THANKS!! After about two months of dealing with Government officals I was able to have my name released and was granted my VISA. (Thanks to my GF, her dad, my dad, my aunt)  By this time, I was living with my GOMO (aunt-dad's sister) and looking for my first job. I had troubles finding one due to the fact that I was a Gyopo..I will explain this and a bunch of other things that a Gyopo goes through in Korea. I finally found a job which was in Seoul, only problem my Gomo lived in Shiheung, a two hour commute both ways. The school promised me housing after 2 months, but this didn't happen. I was forced to look elsewhere, and this is how I ended up in Bundang, first teaching adults then back to my old school and now at a new school in Gangnam(area in the south area of Seoul) I have lived in 2 different places now and am quite comfortable in Korea... and as far as me Korean, it has improved ten-folds, I can thank my non-English speaking gomo and my Girlfriend for this, I have learned a lot about the culture of Korea, some I love and some things that bother me a bit. Through my postings I hope you will get a better idea of how it is to live in Korea as a Gyopo, and maybe inspire you to come live here yourself.  Be back soon...later