I went and got Jonathan's surprise when I went shopping for my camp clothes.  They're all really plain and stuff... but that's how cheap clothes are supposed to be.  I got a couple pairs of sweatpants, 2 pairs of sweat-capris, 5 pairs of shorts, and at least 5 tops.  I also got some underwear and a couple sports bras. I bought this macaroni and cheese *b/c you guys know its my all-time favorite comfort food* at Wal*Mart and this frickin stuff is made with Tillamook cheese.  WTF is Tillamook?!  It's waaaaay too sharp to be touchin my macaroni and cheese.  It's like sharp cheddar on steroids.  I added mozzarella and american cheese to tone it down a little bit, but the steroids won't seem to wear off.  James, my bro, says its not so bad now, but I really can't tell the difference.   But yeah, back to shopping, I bought a prayer box at dollar tree and some clips for my hair so I can do little twisty things at the front of my hair when I get bored.  I have to get a little slip of paper to put in here... I'll go get that when I get done blogging. Me and mom had some serious fun out shopping.  Maybe if I can get her out of the house more often, we'll finally start to bond... I love hanging out with her, something very UNCOOL for a teen to admit, but it's still something I admit openly.  I love my mom! =o)  Me and daddy are pretty close already so I'm not so much worried about bonding with him, and brothers will be brothers (but we're pretty cool right now, too).  Philip and James are watching that gay-bo Digimon Movie.  It's not that James likes it, I think he's just watching t.v. to watch t.v., but Philip still likes that Digimon/Pokemon/Yu-Gi-Oh! crap.  He put the DVD in because he thought we didn't have cable, because we lost it temporarily during this killer thunderstorm we had, and by the time it was 2 minutes in, we had cable again... he just hasn't turned the movie off yet.. and it would appear that he's going to watch the whole thing.  I don't know why people find animated card games amusing, but they seem to like them quite a bit considering there's a thousand shows and movies based on them.  Not to mention games, toys, odd bits of merchandising and the cards themselves.  I don't understand the pull of it all, but of course, it takes a lot of mathematical skill to play these games and guys usually enjoy them and I, I am NOT a guy.  Jonathan enjoys Yu-gi-oh, and I know other guys my age that play the card games themselves.    I want to watch one of the movies we rented but the battery in the DVD remote died so it's hard to control the movies.  We always put the captioning on in case someone talks during the movie, we still know what they said.  But without the remote, we can't turn on captioning and it's annoying standing up in front of the t.v. because my brothers scream and yell because they thing their missing something important.  We rented The Last Samuri, Gothika, Calendar Girls, and Big Fish... and I wasn't interested in watching The Last Samuri... Tom Cruise is not what I would call believable in that role... but then again that just sounds like a cop-out so I won't have to watch the movie... but here's a better one:  I DON'T like Tom Cruise, he's an over-rated ugly punk.  And Gothika, um scary thriller type things are not really my thing unless I'm curled up with a boyfriend... or just a really comfy protective guy friend .. he knows who he is.  We're on a roll, me and Jamie have not talked for a week today and it's kinda awkward and I feel kinda bad about it, but there's really no point in getting worked up about it because I don't feel that bad about it.  I am a really strong Republican and definately cannot stand being with someone who thinks Clinton was a good president... because honestly, what good did he do?  I'm not a supported of the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy for the military and his sleeping with interns was just annoying.  Kennedy did the same thing, in addition to the Bay of Pigs and I have no respect for him either, even though everyone thinks he was a wonderful president... Lincoln... well, fought against the south when we tried to succeed from the Union, we just wanted states rights, and he made it look like a war over slavery.  We just wanted the right to choice because we thought the central government was too strong and state government was obviously too weak.  But back to Jamie and off the governmental issues... Jamie just doesn't cut it for me.  He's not smart enough to hold up his end of the conversation and it's not that he's dumb, it's just we're on different levels... two totally different levels.  It was a mistake to kiss him at Performing Arts, something that never should have happened, but it did and I feel all the worse about it.  Well, I've been working on this for about 45 minutes, so it's time to sign out and try making another doll... YAY!!  Much Love