from: brett mills sent: sunday, february 8, 2004 20:37 pm subject: my adventures part 3   Hello again everyone.  Well it has been a busy week.  I had orientation on Monday (All went well).  Met some great people.  Then I had three days of training Tues, Wed and Thur.  That again all went well and I passed.  A group of us that met at orientation all went out after our training and got a littled P`d.  It snowed while we were out and I made snow balls and threw them at people.  The group of people are from America, Canada and a few from OZ, so it was the Ozzies that were acting crazy in the snow.  I then had my first day of  real work on Friday and then finished my working week on Saturday.  It`s a pretty tough job at the moment, aparently once you have been there for a few months, it becomes quite easy.  I will tell you about the job later.  Today (Sunday) I went to Mount Kinka which is near the Gifu City (where I live)  We climbed the bloody mountain, which took about 1 hour climbing up a rock pathway.  I was a little stuffed by the time I got to the top.  On the top is Gifu Castle.  It`s pretty nice.  It has an amazing view, and there is a museum there with Samuri Masks and swords and stuff.  We were too lazy to  walk back down so we caught the rope car thing.  Like a cable car.  That took about 2 minutes to get down. Tonight I am quickly checking my emails at the local internet cafe and then I am off to a house warming party.  urlLink Gifu Castle   urlLink Samurai armour   If anyone wants to send me any little letters with CHERRY RIPES in them, please feel free.  Did you notice the subtle hint in that last sentence.  My mobile number is ?, now with this phone, it also sends emails.  If you want to send me a quick email that I can reply to straight away it is ? (I think that`s the correct address)  I can`t send text messages from the phone, I can only send emails.  I may be able to recieve text messages from you guys, someone give it a go.  (I am not sure  what extra numbers you need before my number though.  Anyway,  I have to leave now, because I have to go to the housewarming.  Thanks to everyone that has sent me emails, it is great to hear what is happening at home.  For all of you that haven`t replied, its time to get typing.  Just kidding.  I may be back tomorrow.  I have to go to the bank and open an account.  That`s going to be fun, considering they don`t speak english.  I also have to get (wait for it) an Alien registration card.  All foriegners have to register at the local council as an alien.  DODODODODOD.  I will update you all on what I am actully here for, my job, later.  I am safe, I am happy, I am having fun.  I hope you all are too.  Chat later Bretto