Uh, a month later. I don't know. I mean, honestly my life sucks. Well, not technically. It just is extremely boring. Please give me something to do, or somewhere to go that is NOT family related. My mom and brothers went to my maternal grandparents. Oh, how I loathe my mother's side of the family.   Why?  I have never fitted in. Even when I was little. So does it matter that I don't turn up every weekend? Not really, and besides, I only see them, oh maybe 5 times a year. They make me so uncomfortable. They know nothing about me. They can't even pronounce my name correctly (or spell it, for that matter). Leave me the fuck alone. Don't attempt to make nice with me. I hate them so much. I am the outcast of all the "kids" in the family. Hey, I don't give a damn. I LOVE it. So bitch, back down. :)  Let's see, nothing in the past month has truly stood out. Except I hate this week, because it seems like everything is truly ending. Smooth sailing for the rest of the year till school ends. About another month, or so.   Right now I can't fanthom that I ever dated Efrain. The guy just annoyed me now. He gives a fuck about absolutely NOTHING, and you know what? I can't through life not caring, and I know he's just fakes everything. He currently has no redeeming qualities in my book. Maybe he is below George. At least that boy gives a damn whether or not I never speak to him again even though we're not friends. PFT. Why does one guy give SO much attention to the mere fact that I do not like him. Ugh.   Okay, get this. Thursday I was wearing my pink shirt, which is kinda tight, and hate wearing it, and wow, when I walked into 6th period, Cesar died. Hahaha. DIED. The way I used to die over him. Oh my god, it was so awesome, because hello! Role reversal. I think I had finally... oh god. It was just awesome, that's all I can say.    MINI-MONOLOGUE  "Cheermerlyn?" "Huh?" "OH MY GOD. Andy, IS THAT YOUR MOM?" "Yeah, why?" "WOW, your mom is hot. I didn't know your mom is so hot." "Uh, Cheermerlyn, he still can't over the fact that my mom [me] is hot." "O-okay." "So, did you get a boyfriend or something?" ME: *lowers sunglasses* "You talking to me?" "Yeah." "Uh, I did have one, but I broke up with him." "Oh man, you are so hot." "CESAR, SIT DOWN!!!"  ----  LMAO. Yeah, that was so awesome. Helen was like, errr okay the whole time. Actually I was too. I swear, I did not look that great, despite that Cesar said/acted like. I love the kid. He makes me laugh. I can't believe I liked him that way. He reminds me of a little brother (that's kinda hot, ew). Okay, not brother, but you get the idea.   Okay, another strange story.. Heather and I are getting stalked by the same guy. EWEWEW. Remind me not to utter another word to Matt Sheldon. Because he is creepy, obsessive, and just ew. He's like, my new George. GAG. Why is this my year to be stalked?   Okay, no more boy stories, but yesterday I got so pissed off in English. Stupid fucking Jenny is such a bitch. I don't give a damn if she knows I hate her guts. I wish she'd jump off a bridge, and the fucking Grand Canyon is under her. Ah. When did I become such a cynical bitch? Oh, since forever. I remember my first sarcastic/bitchy comment. Fifth grade, man. Justin Lester (who is nearly a criminal now) provoked it from me about Jessica Pummley, a girl whom I despise. Yay! I remember that everyone was so shocked. But anyway (Ross reference!! Friends forever, yo.) back to the story, Jenny was like "Oh hey, Cheermerlyn, I like your shirt." Becca interrupts, and goes, "But she doesn't like your face." Ooh nice comeback, for coming from a girl that can't even spell rankings, when her last name is RANKIN. Smart, girl? They piss me off so much.  My dad, on the spur of the moment, was like "Want food?" Well duh, it's me. So he took me to Gus Jr's. And I didn't change, lol. I'm so lazy. And yeah, this girl came in, and was giving me "What a loser" looks. Fuck you too, bitch. Who dresses up in the middle of the night to get food? Ugh.  Gonna go watch SVU now. Peace. (OUT!)