... And a shitload of rain. That's what I got myself into last night driving back home. I could see it when I was passing Toronto: A rolling black mass closing in from the Southeast, over the lake. Half an hour after that the show began. Lightning lit the sky, and at that moment I really wished I had a camcorder because it was fucking beautiful. Lightning was striking just a few hundred feet from the highway. Well, it was nice while it lasted. Then came the rain. Which felt pretty much as if someone had dumped the contents of a bathtub over my windshield, all at once.  Then today the sun was shining. With all the humidity and the mosquitoes coming out, it felt just like being back in Texas. Except that there's actual trees around here.  Green  trees. But then on the way back I looked West, and there came the rain clouds again. I got home about 5 minutes before the rain started, and let me tell you, it reminded me of the summer rains back in Buenos Aires. Still air, temperatures rising because of all the heat being pushed forward by the rain, then a nice breeze picks up, and then splash, and the temperature drops to a nice cool level. And the smell... I love that irony, electric smell.  I'm doing some progress with the software evolution program. I had scrapped the table in favor of a canvas, which is much,  much  faster, and had stumbled upon the problem of scrolling the window. Finally somebody helped me and now I can resize the window and scroll it. Next step is adding rules to implement the  connect  methods, so that I can launch events on click/keypress. Then I need to revise the coloring rules to make them more dynamic (it currently only uses one color, and the color spike/decay rules are hardcoded). Then I'll look into Jingwei's code, because he uses a different source format and I want to add an option to use that instead (with my csv option as the default). I also want to look at the code he uses for his zoomable views. I wonder whether he he uses SVG graphics for that. Fortunately I don't have to do much to re-implement my color contrast/brightness modules, since all that needed to be done change the spike/decay values, and everything else is already implemented.  But before I do any of that I need to review the latest draft of the workshop paper, and before I do that, I need to get working on the homework for tomorrow.