I didn't like the white. It was boring. Hah! Back to the red and...peach? No...off-white? Creamy?? Dunno. Back to the red and other colors. :-)  Today was tiring. Very.  In theatre arts we performed our pantomime skits. Our group didn't choose which idea we were doing until last class, and didn't even rehearse it until five minutes prior to performing. Somehow we pulled off being the second-best out of five. Not too bad for random Santa Claus stuff...I was pleasantly surprised. I sighed up to sell tickets at three lunches and two of the nights of the shows. That should equal up to my five hours of crew-work required for the class. Mrs. Parker isn't really the teacher...now that I think of it...she doesn't really teach, Mrs. Revel (sp?) does. And Mrs. Revel isn't even from our school! It's messed up.  Spanish was fun. It's always fun now. A lot more fun than when I had Mrs. Beall.   We had a test in Math, but I thought it was really kinda easy. I don't know if that should make me worried, but I flew through it and finished the extra credit paper before class ended with time to spare. It was easy work...wow...  Alex kept stealing my nachos. He kept playing tricks and stealing them on the sly. It was kind of funny almost. Then Pepe and I talked about why Kendra had been crying the other day...It was almost a relief to get it all off my shoulders, even though I didn't tell her everything...  Bio was boring except for our conversation about Power Rangers. I remember that show. I used to love it...  Track just kind of sucked. Dunno. My times were pretty good though.  I don't have to go to CATN or have P.E. tomorrow! I have an Orthodontist appointment at eight, so I'm skipping votech and I'll be too late to P.E. to get dressed. Awesome! Yay! I get my next set of invisalign. It will hurt...I know it will...like it did last time...ahh well...  Now I still have TKD. Grrr....He made us stay until nine last week! It ticked me off...and my dad too. It's getting really frustrating...  Wow my mom said she saw Mrs. Janet (Paula's mom) at curves today. LoL. Mom said she looked as young and pretty as she did when they first met almost twenty years ago. I haven't seen her in over a year, maybe two or three. She was always a nice lady. She was cool. Then again, most parents that aren't mine seem awesome to me. Like Kendra's mom, Keniesha's dad, both of Johnen's parents...etc.  Not much else...cept for some random stuff that happened after school but before practice...