I see the work that God is doing as mountains and not mole hills, it  may be small but I am deeply encouraged and excited about what is  happening!  Read on....  It has been a rather good day in all.  Firstly I spent a short time in  prayer this morning (as always I mean it to be longer, but it does not  seem to happen!), the I went into to school.  At school I was speaking to a friend about their future, my friend was  explaining to me that they have applied for a new job outside of the  school.  My friend told me they want to make an impact on the lives of  young people that have been dealt a bad hand in life.  It was really great as we talked about how we can have an impact of the  lives of young people.  The job may mean working with lots of young  people and only seeing them for very short periods of time that are  also spread far apart.  I said to my friend that Jesus had his 12, but with in that he had 3  that he was really close to.  We talked about the circles of people  that Jesus had a relationship with an also the impact.  He had the 3  and then the 12 and then the 72.  We talked about that as the number get larger we have less direct  impact, and that maybe where my friend is at now might be the best  place.  I think there needs to be some time spent searching, I did tell  them that I will pray about it for them.  Later on in the evening I received a very encouraging text from them.  The next good thing was youth group, or just before.  Each week I go  into the Brownies and say hi, and generally just catch up on what they  are up to.  Today I had made them I pudding to share as I had promised  them ages ago.  The group were really happy and the leaders were very  encouraging.  Then it was time for youth group, it was a great night in all, when it  came to the spiritual input they were slightly hard work, but then we  started to talk about "Being Good" and I told them a few stories where  people have been good to others and the affect it has had.  This seemed  to really capture their imagination and I felt that God had really  birthed something in them.  So tonight I am heading to bed rather encouraged in the knowledge that  God is still working in the lives of people around me, good night, God  bless.