It's not often that one has the luxury of choosing their allegiances.  I once met a guy who had gone from being a Quaker to a Skinhead to a Joycean to a Russian Orthodox, all within a few years.  When I met him he was still a Joycean, but was shopping for a new faith.  We discussed this quest in a New York diner.  I remember watching him pour gravy over his waffle fries and being mildly disgusted. It was difficult not to understand his eating habits as relevant to his identity crisis.    My first and only question to this pilgrim was:  What's true?  He didn't understand what I meant.  So I said, list your beliefs for me, and we'll figure out which religion is most consistent with those beliefs.      But to do it that way made no sense to him.  He was evaluating the different options on the basis of his preferences, what he would like to believe.  This didn't make sense to me; you shouldn't believe in transubstantiation because your Catholic, you should be Catholic because you believe in transubstantiation.  Especially, or perhaps only, if you are a convert rather than born into a faith.  Being born into something is admittedly arbitrary, but at least then it is intertwined with your upbringing and formative identity.  And most religions account for this arbitrariness with ceremonies such as confirmation, bar/bat-mitzvahs, various other rites of passage that parallel one's nominal development of free-will.  To convert on the basis of mere preference is a bit mercenary, if not whorish, if not the the ultimate expression of a bland consumerism.  Nonetheless, with the impending move to Chicago, I am in the position to make just such a conversion.  Raised a Red Sox fan, the disappointment, incredulity and perennial feelings of betrayal all in my veins, I am for the first time moving to a city with it's own options.  Of course, of course, of course: I am and always will be a Red Sox fan, first and foremost.  Forever.  But which team's games will I attend?  Listen to on the radio?  Discuss when drunk?  For whom will my love of the game transcend my love of the Red Sox?  Prior to a few days ago, it was a foregone conclusion that this team would be the Cubs, MLB's other cursed franchise.  But now, I'm not so sure.  The White Sox might actually be more my style, dare I say it, more Red Sox.  Alas, this is a decision that calls for careful research, consideration and counsel, and I cannot make a decision at this moment.  (Please feel free to advise me, but please don't bombard me with bullshit.  This is an intellectual exercise, not a dogmatic one, so don't act like a thug.)  Needless to say, my decision will not be made on the basis of the team's performance, but it's personality and essence.  I will not be choosing based on which team is more likely to enter the play-offs, but on which team I think can better serve as proxy for my living, once again, in Boston, surrounded by like-minded cohorts and cultural implications.    More later.