is it possible to love something you regret??  up to now, i can't believe that jammi and i are no longer a couple. we're just friends, no more lambing, no more "baby", no more [possible] future guarantees for my love life [e.g. a good boyfriend, a potetial husband, maybe even a father...MAYBE]. no more...but i'm sure in my part that i still love him but i can't as i did before. so i'll keep that to myself even if it means being unhappy forever. suddenly i realized that i ruined my onw life. the best things in my life have come and my "too good to be true" bullshit kicked in and ruined everything. man, i am beautiful but i'm utterly stupid. i mean, what was with me? i kept on telling someone i don't want to let go of to let go of me.  [dammit! i can't keep blogging this out!]  last night, i was too happy to mind that i had a really bad migraine. why? jammi and i talked! first it was through chat. he was really friendly. i told him a lot of things and he even wanted me to be a writer because he said i was incarnated to write. i was flattered because no one has really appreciated me that much for just a friend. then before i knew it, he called me up. we were still open and close but with "no strings attached". there were some parts in our conversation that mad me feel like taking him back. one was when he asked me if i missed him. the other was when i told him how much high school sucked but my bro said it was a blast. he told me the probable reason he enjoyed it was because he got laid[heehee]. he said i should get laid to enjoy high school. i got all laughy and told him i didn't have anyone to trust nough to sleep with. then he said. "me. it's not like you can't trust me anymore. wala daw. we got a little horny in the end and fortunately and unfortunately, our cordless ran out of batt. if it didn't, i wonder what would happened. [heehee]. when we said goodbye, i immediately hung up because i was so tempted to say i love you as a habit and because it was what i really felt.  is it possible to love something you regret?? yeah...  *** i'm still so sad