Seven Deadly Sins    name (just so we all know): "Josh Hall"   WRATH    1. Who did you last get angry with?  My Bro Zach...when aren't I mad at him? (poor kid)  2. What is your weapon of choice?  intelligence   3. Would you hit a member of the opposite sex?  If her name is Hartman...  4. How about of the same sex?  How hard...  5. Who was the last person who got really angry at you?  Dad...  6. What is your pet peeve?  my mom on the phone and every other sentence, "and that, so..."   7. Do you keep grudges, or can you let them go easily?  Takes about 2 days usually (how sad)  SLOTH    1. What is one thing you're supposed to do daily that you haven't done in a long time?  drink 8 cups of water...  2. What is the latest you've ever woken up?  5 pm...day before finals ....AH  3. Name a person you've been meaning to contact, but haven't:  Mike (no one knows)  4. What is the last lame excuse you made?  "YOU KEEP GIVING ME MORE TO DO!"  5. Have you ever watched an infomercial all the way through (one of the long ones...)?  What else is on at 2AM on Satellite?  6. When was the last time you got a good workout in?  today  7. How many times do you usually hit the snooze button?  Two or three, OH Yeah  GLUTTONY    1. What is your overpriced yuppie beverage of choice?  I'll stick with Starbucks  2. Meat eater?  Yes...all of them but human  3. What is the greatest amount of alcohol you've had in one sitting/outing/event?  OK, one Strawberry Daquari Wine Cooler...no biggy (and only once, I swear)  4. Have you ever used a professional diet company?  would i be writing this?  5. Do you have an issue with your weight?  issue as in, mentally, or really physically?   6. Do you prefer sweets, salty foods, or spicy foods?  Serve 'em all up  7. Have you ever looked at a small house pet or child and thought, "LUNCH"?  Remember, I don't eat human...or anything that licks its own butt..think about it   LUST    1. How many people have you seen naked (not counting movies/family)?   3, they were triplets in TN...OH YEAH  (i'm not kidding...they were like nudists or something)  2. How many people have seen YOU naked (not counting physicians/family)?  None..Thank God  3. Have you ever caught yourself staring at the chest/crotch of a member of your gender of choice during a normal conversation?  pathetically yes  4. Have you "done it"?  only virtually (j/k, j/k)  Nope...   5. What is your favorite body part on a person of your gender of choice??   What is this?  Well...I'll go with Torso, then the legs...leave it at that  6. Have you ever been propositioned by a prostitute?  Didn't know it at the time, but yes  7. Have you ever had to get tested for an STD or pregnancy?  No...  GREED    1. How many credit cards do you own?  1 Credit, 1 Debit (and yes the credit is the Simon...)  2. What's your guilty pleasure store?  LOL...Walmart  3. If you had $1 million, what would you do with it?  LOL...TAKE A GUESS!  4. Would you rather be rich, or famous?  Technically they both can suck, but Rich  5. Would you accept a boring job if it meant you would make megabucks?   What do you think I'm going into Quantum Physics for...the chicks?  6. Have you ever stolen anything?  When I was little: It was a globe keychain...i mailed it back...i'm so pathetic at times   7. How many MP3s are on your hard drive?  We're talking Gigabytes Baby!   PRIDE    1. What's one thing you have done that you're most proud of?  Started Voices of MHS  2. What's one thing you have done that your parents are most proud of?  Maintained my grades  3. What thing would you like to accomplish in your life?  Puting Microsoft out of Business....or just living happily  4. Have you ever entered a contest of skill, knowing you were of much higher skill than all the other competitors?  I have to get my confidence somewhere...lol  5. Have you ever cheated on something to get a higher score?  nothing of importance  6. What did you do today that you're proud of?  Helped catch a bad guy...  ENVY    1. What item (or person) of your friends' would you most want to have for your own?   Item: Freedom Person: Any of your parents...mine are cool, but they need to chill out somtimes  2. Who would you want to go on "Trading Spaces" with?  Nate Schlundt   3. If you could be anyone else in the world, who would you be?  I have no clue  4. Have you ever been cheated on?  Haven't had the oppertunity for that, Amen!  5. Have you ever wished you had a physical feature different from your own?   Oh yeah  6. What inborn trait do you see in others that you wish you had for yourself?  Patience is good and humility, I envy everyone's humility   7. Do you wish you'd come up with this survey?  Um...no  8. Finally, what is your favorite  deadly  sin?  Pride