Principles of Business VoCATS Objective - J. Careers in Business and Marketing PB11.00 - Analyze and develop an individualized career plan. PB12.00 - Demonstrate procedures for obtaining a job.  FYI - I searched for these websites using google, dogpile, and ask.  Site -  urlLink www.topten.org/content/tt.AB8.htm  The Top 10 Tips for a Successful Job Interview website lists and details ten tips for a successful job interview. They are easy to understand and very explanatory. This website covers PB12.03 - Explain etiquette in a job interview.  Site -  urlLink www.collegegrad.com/careers/index.shtml  The Collegegrad website targets college graduates but has career information by industry, salary and hiring trends, free career analysis which matches you with 11-20 jobs, Kiersey Temperament Sorter, resume samples, free templates for letter of application (cover letter) and samples, interview preparation tips, how to dress, entry level questions, after the interview - call interviewer and write a short thank you note. The links for the objectives are on the left side of the screen. This site was very easy to navigate and understand. This website covers PB12.01 - Develop a resume and letter of application, PB12.04 - Create a follow-up (thank-you) letter, PB11.00 - Analyze and develop an individualized career plan, and PB11.01 - Analyze the characteristics, requirements, and availability of careers in business and marketing.  Site -  urlLink http://jobsearchtech.about.com/library/weekly/aa05101.htm  The About website covered resume writing, technical job resumes, entry level resumes, free templates for resumes, job applications, thank you note writing tips, and career planning. This website covered some of the same objectives as the collegegrad but offered different resume styles and general job application tips. The links are located on the left side of the page. This site covers PB12.02 - Complete employment forms necessary for obtaining employment.  Site -  urlLink www.washingtonpost.com/wp-adv/jobs/Career_Advice/impactadvice5.htm  The Washington Post website lists the 18 Deadly Interview Mistakes Job Seekers Make. Some seem silly to those of us who have participated in at least one or more interviews. However, teenagers are new to this task. This site was easy to navigate and easy to read with understandable vocabulary and terms.