Okay...so I heard before I even starting this great journey that the Italian mentality was tricky to get used to...   So at this point..don't forget that I haven't yet left...I must definitely, positively, 100% agree.  They are unorganized and indefinite.  and...I LOVE IT!!!   Here are some fantastic answers to questions some people in the group had...Fantastic!!!! (I will delete the boring ones)     2. Will the flat have linens/towels and kitchenware?    Yes, Usually BI flats have linens and kitchenware, but bring a towel just in case...     3. Will we have to share a room during the training and internship?    Yes, you will be sharing a room with another participant of the same age and sex. (or with your spouse, of course!!)     4. When do we find out where we have been assigned to teach?      Does the school pay for the traveling expense?    10 days after the end of the in-house course in Saronno (so more or less at the end of September).  The school may assist you for traveling expenses, especially if you are assigned to a school far from Milan.     5. What if my visa does not come in time?  Or if there are complications?    Good question. Some of you are already experiencing the marvelous kindness of Italian Consulates (don't ask....).... yours will be the fourth session of the Teach in Italy programme, and so far no-one has ever been denied a visa... even if it has taken quite a lot of time to get it... As you know, British Institutes is a private institutution, and for this reason it is often discriminated against by consulates, who do not consider the fact that it has been accredited by the Italian Ministry of Education and that therefore it is authorised, like any other third-level institution (e.g. universities), to issue scholarships. So some of you will have to fight to get the visa (and the school with you, calling the consulates over and over again until they realise that they have to issue the visa), while some others will get it in only 2 days! It's absolutely illogical, but that's Italy....When you go to the consulate, please avoid using the word "work". Next year you will not be working for the BI, you will only participate in a TEFL programme which includes a 9 month internship....     6. Will we be completing the internship with our group members?    Not necessarily. You might be assigned to a school which is far from the other participants' schools.     7. Will we be working/teaching through the holidays?      Will we be able to stay in the flat during Christmas time?      THIS ONE IS MY FAVORATE FACT OF THE DAY!!!!!!!!    During holidays, you will not be teaching. This means, roughly from Dec 24th to Jan 6th, and a week in Easter. During the break, you will still be able to stay in the flat. In total, it will make a month or so to discover Italy!     8. Will we have time off during the internship, i.e. long weekends, etc.?      What is the work schedule like?       THIS IS MY OTHER FAVORATE FACT OF THE DAY!!!!!     You cannot teach for more than 20 hours a week. You will definitely have time off during long weekends (called "ponte" in Italian, which means "bridge", it you translate it literally!)   Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay  My, oh my what a wonderful day!  Plenty of sunshine heading my way  Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay  Mister Bluebird on my shoulder  It's the truth, it's actch'll  Ev'rything is satisfactch'll  Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay  Wonderful feeling, wonderful day!   The short little period between work and going home and working on this dumb assignment..which has a total of ZERO pages completed.   I'm off, Andiamo -- Ciao a tutti!!