Never ever have I...  (all you Ole Miss grads know what I am talking about) I have never lived in an apartment before. Then again, I have never lived in the Delta before either. One of my biggest fears since finding out I was going to be placed in Cleveland was where James and I were going to live. James has a few more classes to take at Ole Miss in Oxford and he has a good job in Batesville, but Cleveland is about two hours away from Oxford and about an hour and a half away from Cleveland. It was hard to find a town that was appropriate distances and times away from work and school for both of us. I thought (for a nanosecond) about rooming with some of the other teacher corps members that will be teaching in Cleveland, and seeing James on weekends. However, I like seeing James everyday (duh! I married him!). So anyway, I have looked at rental property in four different towns, measured distances, timed times, and worried about where we could continue to live together (hence marriage-legal license to live together) but still not have to drive over and hour to work or school.   And the winner is....  Clarksdale is only about a 45-minute drive away from Cleveland and Batesville. It is around an hour and 15 minutes away from Oxford, but we don't have to go to classes as often (or as early) as we have to go to work. Everyone recommended to Country Club Apartments in Clarksdale. James and I settled on a two-bedroom townhouse type apartment. The complex has a decent pool and they are going to completely redo the inside of our apartment before we move in the last week of July. For those of you familiar with Oxford the townhouse is similar to One Anderson Place (the two floor townhouse things off of West Jackson Ave). So anyway, that is one less thing to worry about.  The self-proclaimed Queen (for life) of Procrastination has returned!  Tons of things to do and too tired to think. Teach class. Go to class. Do homework. Grade class work. Dream about being in class. Teach class. Go to class... you get the picture. I have to be at Oxford Middle School by 7:30 am, which means I have to leave my house (Water Valley, MS) at 7 am. We generally get done there by noon. I eat in my car on my way across town to my graduate school class that starts at one. We get out of class sometime between 3:30 and 5:00 pm. After class I try and workout if I am not exhausted, do any necessary grocery-shopping, bill paying, etc. Then I go home try and figure out what to eat (and what to feed James), attempt some cleaning, and then try to focus on my homework and reading assignments for class the next day while grading or preparing stuff for my mornings at Oxford Middle School. Here lately I have also been driving to my parents' every weekend to try and help out with the coffee house they started in memory of my sister (www.cchouse.us). This weekend James and I are planning on staying in Oxford so that we can relax a little bit (driving so much is very draining). I am really enjoying all of my classes, but I am definitely looking forward to a weekend off.