Well, we decided to go on an adventure this evening and discover a new night spot. Having lived in Maadi (where the grass is indeed fine!) for almost 7 months now, we decided it was high time to enjoy the social life Maadi offered. Every time we come home from Mohandeseen we would go past a place called “The Golden Bell”. It intrigued me, so today the alleged “PUB” was on our to-do list.  Oh, my expectations were low. From the outside it is a small wooden building, with burning neon lights that say “Golden Bell” and “Karaoke”. We passed the bouncer and walked through the two doors into…….an empty bar. A long walk past cubicle seats led us to the main bar. There were maybe 7 or 8 people in the entire pub. Two were playing pool, two at the bar and some other people round the corner.   We looked around and discovered there were two rooms hidden behind darkened glass. One door opened, to reveal a gathering of Korean’s singing out loud and playing tambourines. We sat at the bar and listened to Melody TV combined with Korean songs. Looking around further we noticed a darts board. Now, we both play darts and so upon seeing a darts board we thought about playing a game or two. We then looked at the surroundings: poor lighting, no score board, no line on the floor to indicate where one should stand. But all of these are nothing compared to the fact there is a table and chairs set underneath the board. “Please sit here…” whack!!!! Dart in the head!!!!!! Wow, it is exactly as you would expect from a country where health and safety is an unknown thing.  Ahhh, health and safety, now there’s an interesting thing. A few examples are needed so that people outside of Egypt understand the joke. Let’s start with… scaffolding.  In England, scaffolding is carefully put up with slabs of concrete to secure the lower struts. The horizontal bars are bolted together and all bars are made from strong metal. Now think the opposite and you’re in Egypt.   Electrical sockets without earth wires. They actually spark when you go near them with a plug. A mini firework display is the best description.  Elevators: Ahhhhh. In England they have doors. In Egypt we watch with interest as the wall of the lift shaft zooms past.   Enough. I must go to bed. I’m watching Wives and Daughters, the BBC adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell’s book. I confess I am a big fan of period drama. I need to get hold of Pride and Prejudice. I need to have a Mr Darcy fix.  Good Night World! ! !