wow...it's already friday.  i don't know where this week has gone.  i'm excited though...i'm currently typing this in my new room in my new apartment.  i just moved in today.  i'm still a little too excited to sleep.  our place is so cool.  it's like it was meant to be too.  everything that i don't have amber has and everything she doesn't have, i have.  all of our dishes match.  all of furnishings match the apartment walls.  it's perfect.  my room is huge.  i have the treadmill in my room just because i have so much space.  i'm taking tomorrow off of work so i can finish packing/moving/unpacking.  i wonder if the boys started celebrating tonight or if they are waiting until all of my stuff is out of the house.  amber's family is sooo incredibly nice...so is drew's.  drew's family brought us a bottle of wine for a homewarming present.  they are also planning on getting us some plants, which is awesome.  i might get to housesit/petsit for drew's family over spring break, so that would be really neat.  i think i'm really going to love living here.  it was so good hanging out with people tonight.  it's definitely the start of a new life for me...a much better one...and i'm so happy.  hehe...this is such a random post...i think it's obvious i'm excited as my brain is jumping from one thing to the next so fast.  oh, this is wonderful.  i love when all of a sudden your life seems to have purpose and meaning and excitement and everything seems to go how it should.  one of the best parts of my week has been working with one of my students, eugene.  we just got new classes this week because the semester changed.  anyway, eugene is deaf and has an interpretor.  at first i was really nervous about it but it's turned out to be such a great experience.  both the interpretor and eugene LOVE my class and it really feels like i've improved so much as a teacher from last semester.  the best part is that i think almost all of my students really like me and think i'm doing a good job.  like i said, everything seems to be going my way now...all except for my friendships with the boys but the way i see it is that i've done all i can do and if it's meant to be, we'll be friends again, and if not, well we won't.  yep...well i don't really want to go to bed, or rather i can't sleep because i'm so excited so i think i'm going to unpack some more.  i'll keep writing more regularly again now that i'm all settled in my new place!  hooray!!!  :)