Well, it's time that I wrote about  Japan  again. That's the purpose of this blog, right? So I'd like to invite you to meet the family members that I'll be living with or near while in Iwakuni.  First there's my mom. She's staying in Louisiana, for the time being. She has lived in America for over twenty-five years, after all. She has a  thriving  interior design business in Shreveport. Still, she manages to visit Japan often, about twice a year and sometimes more.   urlLink    My mother (on the right) and her niece, Michiko. I think they look alike.  urlLink     That is also my cousin Michiko. She likes to dance and she's been to America. We can't talk much, but I think she has a funny sense of humor and she's a down-to-earth, smart woman.  Then there is my aunt Nobuko, whom I've always thought was really awesome. I remember when I was younger, I used to think it was so cool that she dyed her hair and wore loud clothes. Now, I admire her cooking skills. She likes to cater the parties of her close friends, for free! Don't you wish you had a friend like that? I think that I look a lot like Aunt Nobuko, and her daughter Michiko looks a lot like my mom. What do you think? I would say "switched at birth," but Michiko is a few years older than me. Still, I smell a  conspiracy ...   urlLink    My cool aunt and her daughter, Michiko.  I think I look more like my aunt than my mother.  urlLink     Next is my aunt's husband, Uncle Shiraki. He is a funny, laidback kind of guy. He works really hard with the family business (they run a shop in Iwakuni). I remember when I was a kid, he would quietly slip coins into my pockets. They have a convenience store across the street from their house, and I would use this  slyly procured  money to buy candy and stuff. He has always been a very kind and generous person. I like to tease him about his hair, and he likes to tease me about my boyfriends.     urlLink    My hilarious uncle, husband of my aunt above.  urlLink     Then there's my other two cousins, Tadao and Naoko. They are the other two kids of my aunt and uncle. Tadao is nice but I don't know him very well. He lives in Tokyo and leads a  very busy  life. My aunt says (not jokingly) that she has to read about how he's doing in his editorials for the magazine he works at. I hung out with him a couple of times and I think he's super cool, just maybe more of a loner (like me). We talked about  socialized medicine  once, and he's a smart guy. Naoko is a really sweet, kind woman. She took me around Tokyo a few times when it was still new to me, and she tolerated my touristy gawking and my desire to play video games. She's married to a great guy named Mr. Gomi. Gomi-San speaks very good English and just got his law degree in America a couple of years ago. He's also a lot of fun to be around and is up for trying new stuff (like moving to America for law school, for example...wow).   urlLink    My cousin Tadao, his sister Naoko, and her husband Gomi-San.  All very cool.  urlLink     Finally, last but not least...my grandparents. My grandfather has since died. He died a little over one year ago. He was THE coolest though. Kind, generous, humorous, and full of curiosity and adventurousness. He fought in WWII, traveled a lot (came to America twice), farmed most his life, made it through the post-war depression in Japan, and LOVED to eat  steak . During my last visit while he was alive, I cooked many steaks for him. My grandmother loves steak, too. She's super-tough and still goes out walking in the fields every morning, in freezing temperatures sometimes. She has put my friends and me to shame as far as hardiness to the elements. She also keeps a journal still, and has for her entire life since she could write. I have kept a diary for over twenty years now, and my aspiration is to keep writing into old age, just like my grandmother does.    urlLink    My beloved grandparents.  urlLink     And this is the house that I'll be staying at with my grandmother. It's huge! It's gray (one of my favorite colors)! It has three bathrooms! Life is gonna be spectacular here.   urlLink    Mi casa de Iwakuni.  urlLink     I have received my materials for learning Japanese and moving, so maybe I'll write about that next time. Have a great week.