urlLink create your own visited country map   or  urlLink write about it on the open travel guide      urlLink create your own visited states map   or  urlLink write about it on the open travel guide  I think I have Mieka to thank for these maps.  I found them on her sight first.  It tells me that I've been to 9% of the countries in the world.  It isn't much but when you think about it I'm almost been to 1 in 10.  So at this stage in life I think that's respectable.  The states on the other hand, man I need to do some traveling around there.  As you can see I've been all around the South but ventures out of there have been few and far between.  I've only been to 37% of the states.  This is a little disappointing.  Before I leave and go home for good I hope to tack on a few more countries in Asia.   Oh man I love some Bon Jovi.  This is what I'm rocking out to in the PC room as I'm just writing away.  I've had a craving for chocolate today.  I've consumed two bags of Hershey's kisses today.  These aren't the big bags we are used to back West, they are little snack bags.  Ever since I've gotten back from China I've had a hard time getting my diet back in order.  I keep eating poorly.   In a random act of kindness the owner of my gym gave me a pair of Head tennis shoes the other day.  They are pretty nice except for the fact they are pretty ugly.  I might dare to wear them out sometime.  They kind of remind me of bowling shoes.   Last night was open mic night at TC.  I came downtown and then met Asma there.  We were joined by Eilleen's birthday crew a little later.  I thought Fenton was going to sing b/c he really wanted to hit TC but turns out not.  I saw some dudes up there jamming but it just wasn't that impressing.  I split out and then met Hey-Sook.  We went to Bellagio and grabbed some cocktails.  We were later joined by Asma and Fenton.  We had a pitcher of beer which they forgot to charge us for.  But being the honest foreigners that we are we realized this and went back to pay.  We suspect one or more persons had to commit honorable suicide over that.  We then hit up Exodus for a drink.  This seems to be a new hot spot.  It is actually a pretty cool hang out.  I only wish they have beer on tap.  I ate a hell of a lot of little dried fish.  I had a pork cutlet of dinner but it just wasn't filling.  There are plans to consume dog soup tomorrow for those who are interested.  I think this ranks under the title of experiments.  I figure if it's terrible then we'll just blow the joint and get some food somewhere else.  It would be a shame to have been in Korea this long and not at least give it a try.  I'll keep the names of  those I'm eating with anonymous in case they don't want others to know.   Last night there was also some pretty awesome snow.  It was really coming down at one point.  It didn't really amount to much and didn't stick so well but it was snow none the less.  As much as I enjoy the snow I'll be glad when it warms up a bit.   My dirty little porno student finally got back in the grove today.  He told me he went to church camp and scored with a chick.  He also kept talking about money shots.  He went on and on about how women want it on their face they think it's delicious.  I'm just a little worried about this kid.  He also taught me the Korean word for masturbating but I forgot it.  Whenever I ask them what do they want to do he always tells me "sex play."  Great idea except for the fact that there are only guys in the class.  Then he got smart and said that we could steal some girls from the other classes.