We're no. 1, we're no 1.  Yes, that's right, once again the state of NJ is #1 in something we don't want to be.  Yesterday, it was annouced that NJ has had the highest per capita tax increases in the country under Jim McGreevy.  Thanks gov, I appreciate you stealing from me.  And it is stealing, why?  Because, according to the article I read in the Newark Star Ledger, the Governer hasn't seen fit to cut state spending at all.  Yep, no cuts, nada, nothing!!!!  It's weird.  When your budget doesn't add up you have two choices.  One, generate more income or two, cut expenses.  It amazes me how NJ ALWAYS increases spending, especially since they have NO WAY to generate income, other than raising taxes or borrowing money.  Oh, and they aren't supposed to borrow money.  That's the law.  The NJ State Supreme Court said so, well, sort of.  You see, they said it's ok this once, but the Governer shouldn't have done it and can't do it again.  There's upholding the law for you.  In the mean time, President Bush has also spent a lot of money.  I know he has, because it drives me crazy.  Don't get me wrong, I support the President whole heartedly.  110%.  But, I'm not a Kool-Aid (tm) drinker and I have no problem critizing the President when I think he's wrong and he has spent way to much money.  However, the Treasury department, or Finance dept, or the IRS, whoever count's Government revenue, I forget, recently annouced that government revenues on the Federal level increased last year, and quite signifigantly.  That's because the President LOWERED Taxes.  That's right.  And I thought I had the money to invest, and spend, and do the things that are really needed to make the economy move, only until Governer McGreevy stole it from to fund another program of which I will see no benifit.  And then he borrowed money to plow roads. Oh, and thanks to his borrowing, NJ's bond rating just went down.  So much for my NJ Bond fund.   I just think I'll my money in the swamps where the Governer can't find it.