it's so cold in our house.  sure, the guys are pumped that they are saving so much on their gas bill by keeping the heat super low...but i just can't see how it's worth it.  i can't even leave my room it's so cold.  i had to buy myself a space heater...which does an okay job.  then they always say i'm hiding in my room...pouting and staying away from them...when really it's the heat issue.  silly rabbits.  i'm even shivering right now and i'm in my room but their "cold" air is pumping through the vents and my heater isn't heating it up fast enough.  gosh, i can't wait to move out so that i can have the temperature set in the comfort zone.  i've been thinking a lot about moving out and i'm getting more and more excited.  i'll be able to have plants and clean dishes all the time.  i'll be able to vacuum the floor because i'll actually invest in a vacuum.  and i'll get a puppy.  and have fish.  and everything will be clean and organized...i'll actually have space for all my stuff.  right now my room is a complete disaster and i don't even know where to start to clean it.  i just don't have enough space for everything so i can't put half of it away.  plus, i'm planning on moving closer to downtown...which means i'll be closer to places i want to go.  and that might lead to me meeting some new people, which i desperately need.  and i've been toying with the fact that the boys will never visit me and once i move out we won't keep in contact, and i hate to say it, but at times i realize that i can't force anybody to be my friend, and if they truly are my friends and want to stay friends, they will make some sort of effort...and if not, well, what's the point in having a one-sided friendship anyway?  i know one of the guys (the one with the new girl toy) really doesn't want me around...and wants me to leave before spring break even.  all i can say is that i guess he wasn't the person i thought he was, and i'm kind of sorry that we ever got to know each other better than we did before we moved here.  i've given up on trying to fix things between him and i.  as far as i'm concerned, it's up to him whether we remain friends or not...and if some girl is going to ruin our friendship, then i guess it's a friendship not worth keeping.  ugh, this is another long post.  and so far i haven't been writing in my blog how i think i should.  i just haven't really had any interesting things to talk about lately.  i could talk about how i've only spent $14 on groceries so far this month and i seriously don't have any food in the house...but am too lazy to go to the grocery store.  i wonder how long i can make the few pieces of food i have last...  okay, so that's not interesting either.  oh!  i went go-karting this weekend with one of the guys.  it was so much fun.  expensive, but fun.  the first time he lapped me twice, but the 2nd time i had got a go-kart that was a lot easier to steer and i trimmed my time by 10 seconds each lap!  i wish it wasn't so expensive, i'd go a lot more.  it was worth it though.  ummm...i also watched this creepy movie called "santa claus conquers the martians."  it was great...they made it look super old so they could just put NASA and US military footage in it and pretend like they filmed it.  the best part though was when there was a polar bear and it was blatently obvious that it was someone crawling around in a bear costume.  the back of the case even talked about what a horrible movie it was.  hehe...it was hilarious.  well...i guess i should bring this to a close.  after all, if i stay in one spot for too long, i might freeze to death ;)