BUSY BUSY BUSY       Essentially, last week my apartment was abandoned (more or less of course).  I must admit at times I think about my life here in Japan and suddenly awaken to the fact that currently life is pretty good.  The fact that at the end of one week I could have no plans for the next one and then suddenly have every night booked is kind of amazing.  So what did I do last week...Monday was my trip to Shiogama Shrine and a ramen dinner with Jemma and Steph, Tuesday was yakiniku with Danola, Wednesday was spent in Sendai eating soba and having a drink with Sharon, Thursday was with Kristel, Steph and Danola at Milky Way, and Friday was in Sendai for Sharons farewell dinner with Jess, Kristel, Steph, Richard, John and Oliver followed by a nomihodai with Steph, Sharon and Oliver and a whole new crew.  Anyway, on to a different story.    To put it quite simply, Japan is a pretty safe country.  It could potentially be disastrous when I move elsewhere and my safe little bubble affectionately known as Japan is gone.  On Friday night after Steph and I ran (literally sprinted) to catch the last train home, we boarded a train that would happen to have the scariest individual I have encountered in my 9 months here.  This man was kicking and punching the inside walls of the train.  Then, as Steph and I squatted quietly against the wall trying not to call attention to ourselves or make eye contact, the man spoke to us...in ENGLISH!  He began uttering things like "what you say" and "baby" and snapping his fingers quite loudly in my face as we tried to ignore his comments.  He continued kicking things and yelling stuff at us and when I looked up to my left a young Japanese girl gave me a smile as if she understood our situation completely. Then came the final remarks that drove us to the other end of the train.  Still squatting, the man then made a comment about how we weren`t listening and could not understand him.  Then he randomly throughout the country Israel.  I was a bit shocked to say the least.  Of all countries to randomly suggest he chose that one!  I looked down to see what I was wearing and if I had anything on me that would call for such a statement and couldn't figure it out.  But it was then that I turned to Steph, told her we were relocating, and quickly moved through the crowded train to the other end of the car.  He is definitely someone I hope to never encounter again!!!