Here I was typing away, commiserating on the course of my life and low and behold I seem to have closed the page before I was done and certainly before I saved what I was writting. Yeah, I feel dumb. Anyways, it's nothing all that important. I'm just a bit bummed. This week I recieved TWO wedding invitations, one to my cousin's wedding in July (in Colraldo, during summer school so I'm not going) and another to my best friends in August, the day after my birthday. I'm kinda IN that one so I have to go. All my friends are either married or engaged and here I am, 27 (in 1 1/2 months) and I haven't had a boyfriend since... well for a while now. I had one fling that was more sex than anything else, that lasted a month. And since then I've had married men hit on me, but that's about it. I keep wondering if maybe I made a mistake. 3, maybe 4 years ago I broke up with Joe (the first Joe, one after that was Joe too, before that was Jay... do I see a trend here?). Maybe I went about it the wrong way, maybe I was wrong for leaving him. I felt at the time that he didn't have any direction and little ambition. I was doing well in school and was close to graduating and was progressing with my life. I also knew that I was going on to grad school and just didn't have the time that he required from me. He wasn't a bad guy, and I did love him. I think I still do, well part of me still does. He was my first great love, and I know I hurt him. And I'm sorry that I hurt him. But I knew if I didn't leave I'd end up hating him. But now I don't know if that was a mistake or not? I hate to think that I screwed up my only chance at love. I hate to think that he was the only guy out there for me, or more so if I broke the heart of my one "true love". I just don't know. I'm not proud of what I did. I know at the time that I needed too, for both our sakes. But sometimes I think that maybe there was something else we could have done. I don't know. I'm not good with matters of the heart. And I tend to run away before getting too close, or else I tend to scare men off. If anything I want him to know that I'm sorry, and I don't hold any ill feelings toward him. I hope he doesn't hate me, though I understand if he does. And I want him to know that part of me will always love him.