Woooo! Wicked Stepmother's parents have bought me 2 tickets to go and see New Found Glory!! Yay!! Sel and I are off to marvel at the glory of Jordan & Co. once more, and I am all the happier for it. *grin*   Dad and I had one of those wicked "Ultimate" conversations last night- you know, they start with "What's your ultimate..." and end with "CD compilation/speedway team/football team/car?". This one was "What's your ultimate festival lineup?". The rules were simple: 3 days, 2 stages, 2 headliners on the first stage, 1 headliner on the second. He chose The Who and Pink Floyd/Ash on the first day, Led Zeppelin and Rolling Stones/The Police on the second day and U2 and Bruce Springsteen/Free on the third. You can tell it's a fantasy lineup, as roughly half of Free, Led Zeppelin and The Who are dead. My festival was this: Muse and Lostprophets/Hells Is For Heroes on the first day, Michael Jackson and Less Than Jake/The Smiths on the second day, and Rancid and The Prodigy/Jack Off Jill on the third. Much better, I think you'll agree... ;o) But anyway, back to reality...  I have just had the busiest weekend. Ever. Friday night was the Leavers' Ball; we all arrived in our finery and within 15 minutes, I had white wine down me. Well, at least it wasn't red, seemed to be the generally acceptable thing to say. The night improved from there, thankfully; the music wasn't  too  bad, the food was good (at least, the profiteroles were- that was all I ate) and I got really quite drunk. By the end, I was dancing with Draper. I don't know why, but I always seem to be drawn to him at things like this. And it wasn't as if he became some sort of gorgeous sex god through my haze of vodka, when I saw him, sharp suit, less *curly* hair, new glasses, he just made me... think. Yes, that's a suitably non-committal word. Think.  So, the night went on, and midnight came and Lucy dragged me out even though I didn't want to leave, and I went home and to bed, where I didn't sleep. I don't know why, but I just didn't. Not until about 5am, anyway, which was a bit pointless because I was up again at 7am to get the bus to Nottingham. I was met at the station by James, who promptly whisked me to UGC Nottingham where everyone else was to see Shrek 2. Lots of hugs and kisses and "let me carry your bag"s occurred, and then we went in to see the film, which was absolutely hilarious. Go and see Shrek 2, I'm a total convert to the whole thing, after hating the first one. We went back to the meeting house, and lots of games were played and diaries kept and cuddles had. Sean and I got really close this weekend, brought together by various things I never knew we had in common, he let me share his duvet and lean into him when we sat down... he made me think, too.  So now I'm back at home again, far, far away from everyone I want to be close to, missing them all like crazy, and none of them are online. I want a hug and a kiss and to keep my diary and play Honey If You Love Me or Ratchet Screwdriver, but I can't because no one else gets those games, or the way we are at JYF. 17th September seems so far away...  Ceff x   It's just a little crush, not like I faint every time we touch