Lets see now... Today was pretty kool. Slept in for a little bit. Ash came over today so I could drawl her for my Art assignment. She is a pretty good model to drawl. She doesn't move much and when she does she is back in the almost exact same position as she was before she moved. For my summer art pieces I have to do  one was a  self native portrait. Well ash is going to be my model again there lol hey people think we are still twins or sisters. Anyways I am going to make "Me"nude... AHHHHHHHH I know scary thought..... lol nothing really will be shown tho. In the picture I will be holding my knees and there will be chains wrapped around my body  with a pad lock  and maybe some rope in there somewhere. I will also be crying. The point of this piece will describe how my emotions work. I keep all my emotions trapped inside and put on an act of me being happy. I am still trying to decide what I want to do to describe the act of being happy part. It will be fun. After drawling Ash today I went to work. It went super quick tonight. Nothing exciting at work happened... I WORK THE NEXT 6 DAY!!!! YUCKY!but next week I only work like 23 hours, because I am going on VACATION!. I am going to grand lake! I love it there. I am going to lay out in the sun get a tan and swim.....as longish I don't find any snakes again lol.. and fish! I Can WAIT To Fish. I am looking forward to that the most.... oh yeah and the yucky out houses....lol  Last time we went there was a tarancula in the girls bathroom..... and if you don't know me  well enough to know I HATE spiders then aren't my friend lol...... I was like inspecting the whole bathroom before each time I went after that. I think the main thing I am worried about is the snakes. I mean... I hate swimming with fish let alone snakes lol. Last time we went I was snorkeling and I was following a fish and all of a sudden I saw a snake..... I down even remember how I got to the shore...... I just remember seeing the snake and all of a sudden I was on the shore lol. Well anywho I am going to head to bed. I am getting sleeppy! I will try to update my blog tomorrow! I love all you guys! Loves Sheila