I think I'm going to start moving this blog in a new direction: a summary of the bizzarre shite I see every day as a front-line member of the war on educational inequality. Or, basically, a recap of my days in the classroom.  If I changed the tag line for this blog, I might (if I was dork), write, "A blog with a LiveJournal feel." Fortunately, I'm not a dork - or at least not that big a dork - so I'll just go ahead and keep the "Donna Martin Graduates" title. I think the "graduates" thing makes a lot more sense now, doesn't it?  OK, so I returned to the inner workings of JW Oates Elementary on Saturday (yesterday). I didn't so much as return to the school site itself, as I returned to a nondescript building in Houston Heights, "The Houston Achievement Place." A team of about 10 workers guided the JW Oates staff through the "Project CLASS" training. Yes, in this case, CLASS is an acronym, but I don't remember exactly what it's for - Creating something or other, I think.  First off, I rolled up at 8:30am, which the e-mail about the inservice said was the time it started.  As I walked in, it turns out basically my entire faculty was already there. Apparently we were supposed to be there at 8am, essentially making me look bad in front of my principal, who already doesn't like me. Ah... then I go to sign in, and I'm listed as a third grade teacher, despite the fact that I thought I was teaching 4th grade, which is really charming because 3rd grade would indicate I get the same kids as I got last year... AHHHH.... wow. As I started having chest pains and thinking about all the things I'd have to overcome as a teacher of the same students I had last year, I realized that there was still a vacancy for a fifth and sixth grade math teacher... hmmm, I thought. Was it possible?  Quickly doing some investigative work, I put my odds of landing a fifth/sixth grade position at near 20 percent, so I decided I would draft an e-mail when I got home, but not before getting suffienct faculty support before I went through with it.  Meanwhile, as I stared at the cut-up green carpet and sighed deeply, I realized that at the front of the room, several 50 year old women were wearing sunglasses and dancing around singing, "Stop, Look, and Listen... it's the key to Success." I started wondering: why is it that people in education feel a need to make asses of themselves for a worthwhile cause? I mean, I guess Donald Rumsfeld once sang "Fly like an eagle" or "On Eagle's Wings" or something, so I suppose everyone makes an ass out of themselves at one point or another... but this seemed like a new version.  Then, one of the women presenting, who apparently was married to another guy presenter, made some joke about him getting spanked that evening, eliciting nervous laughter and awkward stares from a room full of inner-city, public school educators.  I really do respect teachers for how hard they work, and how much they sacrifice. I just don't know why, exactly, several half-century old women felt the need to revisit the "Men in Black" concept to model for us a way to teach rules and procedures to the class.  In totally unrelated news, I think I'd rather be enshrined in the NFL Hall of Fame as opposed to the MLB Hall of Fame, because you get a bust, as opposed to a slightly 3D plaque. Um, is there a NHL Hall of Fame? It's probably in Canada, right? Or northern Michigan?