I never believed in Cupid. After a few relationships over the years, I really thought that if there really was a cupid and he was trying to hit me with is arrow, he was a dang poor marksman. Perhaps he needs glasses? His bow restrung? New arrows? I didn't know what the problem was, but I decided to put love on the backburner of my stove-of-life and start focusing on getting out into the open air and broadening my horizons; an idea which had been on simmer way too long.   Fortunately for me, I was living in rural Oklahoma at the time; a very nice country town which definitely provided a vast array of experiences to explore: rodeos, water falls, hiking paths, open roads, cowboys. Unfortunately for my outdoor adventures, the Internet soon made it to small town America.   I'm not one to make friends quickly or easily. I much prefer to nurture a few good friendships overtime and grow with the relationship. Basically, I'm shy, yet picky. For these very reasons, even after living in Oklahoma for almost a year, I had made no friends to speak of. Not even those which I could meet for a drink after work, or go shopping with. And to be quite honest, I was lonely for companionship. Someone to do things with and share experiences with. Because of this, I bought myself a computer and hopped right onto the information super highway.   Meeting my future husband did not top my list of things I wanted to achieve on the net. I really had no expectations at all. I simply wanted to get on line and explore (good-bye fresh air!). Soon, I was emailing, surfing, and chatting with the best of them. And quite to my surprise, a friend who I had met online (let's call him cupid), introduced me to the man who would soon virtually sweep my feet right out from under me and totally turn my world upside down (people do refer to Australia as "downunder" you know). My cyber cupid's aim was straight and true.   Thankfully in the world of cyberspace, a bow never needs to be restrung, arrows can appear in a flash, and your vision is as clear as you've configured your monitor.