They're back.  Apparently Mickey had some friends.  I like to call them Donald and Minnie who are now together now that Mickey is out of the picture.  Last night as I was waiting to see Back to the Future Part II, I heard the scratching noise I had heard earlier when I thought it was Mickey.  Well, I went to take a look in this cabinet that had a built in rice dispenser thingy (I dont keep any rice in it) and the mice were in there.  I couldnt catch them yesterday so I simply put a fire extinguisher in the way so they cannot get out.  Hopefully I can have someone else try to catch them.  I just couldnt bare setting up the mouse trap and hearing them squeal in the middle of the night.  Guess what I just noticed . . . . somebody left a Mickey Mouse pencil on my desk.  That's pretty funny.  Anyway, didn't do anything too interesting yesterday.  I think I finally mastered hiragana and katakana (the two japanese alphabets).  Also, something weird was happening at work yesterday.  Everyone was very stressed out and frantically talking on the phone.  Then everyone was out for about half the day.  Cristina dined at her boss's house last night and said that she had a great time.  She said she ate some yummy tempura stuff and some great sushi.  Then she had some dessert, gold kiwi (which she liked so much that they gave her some to take home) and a wheat tea that was also very good.  Someone then called her at about 10 p.m. to invite her to Kaz's town of Koyama for the Matsuri and fireworks they are having their tonight.  I don't think I am going because I still don't feel comfortable driving without a cell phone.  This weekend Kaz invited us to meet her in the nearby city of Kanoya (one hour or less away) for some conveyor belt sushi.  For those of you who don't know what this is, it's when you sit at a bar and small plates of sushi come around on a conveyor belt.  Depending on the color of the plate is the price of the sushi.  Then at the end they just look at your number and color of plates and they add it all up.  Then on Saturday we may go to the beach or a coastal drive.  Hopefully Cristina will have her alien registration card by then so we can get cell phones.  Next week we are going to Kagoshima City (state capital) for prefectural orientation Tuesday thru Thursday (all expenses paid except food), but I'll save that story for tomorrow.  CK, you're comment cracked me up.  I miss you so much.  Everytime someone says  Su Goi  (and they say it a lot) I think of you and smile.  As a matter of fact, at the fireworks festival several young people kept saying  su ge  and I told everyone at my office that I thought it was so funny, so they started teaching me all these other slang words and Kagoshima-ben and Uchinoura-ben.  Keep the comments coming.  Email me too.  What's going on in Gainesville?