Finally edited this, took me a while to get it right... still isn't but im tired of reading it over and over again...  It was a cold autumn evening somewhere in the deep South, an old man walked down the rotting stairs toward the kitchen to fetch himself a glass of milk. The house was as old if not older than he, its white paint was chipped from the long years of sun, cob webs were strung across the chandeliers, stair case railing and all around in the corners of the rooms. Outside, the light brown grass begged for water, an old rusted swing set unused after the event of a families death. The single tree in the front yard was hanging on to the last days of it’s life and shutters hung on one hinge waiting to fall to the dead ground. 	The old man was the last of his name, his droopy eyes made him look as if he'd been mourning something for ages. His long bony hands, dry wrinkled skin, his thin gray hair, his petrified frown, all stereo types of the senile old man. The only thing near good shape was his suit; the only time he ever took it off was to sleep. He was an easily agitated man and all the things that consistently happened in his mansion did not help to mend this weakness. The old man needed help to take care of the mansion, but he had none. The only help he had were the social service workers that filled his refrigerator every week. He refused to go outside. 	The old man walked to the kitchen entrance and stopped to look around to be sure of his solitude. There were butcher knives to his right lying on the counter and dishes were strewn in and around the sink dirty with condiments from previous meals. He walked around the island in the middle of the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door. The social services had brought plenty of food, anything he wanted was most likely in the refrigerator. He reached for the milk and a glass from the cupboard. As he poured the glass he heard a noise, it was one of the many common things that occurred in his aged mansion. They had slowly caused psychological damage throughout the years he’d lived there. His sanity was on the brink. He tried to ignore it as he raised  the cup to his lips, the noise got louder, he froze. The old man dropped the glass, it shattered and cold milk spilled across the floor. He got down and held his knees to his face in a corner of the kitchen, rocking back and forth screaming back at the noise in sheer horror. He called out for his family, no response.  There was no one there for him; he was completely and utterly alone. The constant screeching sounded of people slowly dying as if they were calling out for help. The old mans ears were in pain from the high pitch shrieks, soon enough it started to die down and eventually it was no more. 	He sat in the corner crying hysterically from what had happened. He didn't understand why they had tortured him for so long. The old man, shaking, got up and took a breath. He could not handle those moments of madness anymore, he could not stand being the victim of the dead for any longer. His sanity was destroying the rest of what was left of his life and he couldn’t support the burden. One foot in front of the other he walked out of the kitchen, subconsciously grabbing a butcher knife from the counter on the way out. He walked up the rickety stairs with a slouched posture, his face still wet from the tears. With the knife on his left he dragged his feet down the dim hallway towards the study. As he walked down the hall, its walls began to bleed out dark red blood. He saw the large paintings of his family members glaring at him and heard footsteps above him coming from the attic. Down the end of the hallway he saw a girls body, no older than seventeen wearing a stained white dress, hanging from the ceiling with the noose tightened around her neck. Light from the setting sun seeped through the windows lining the right side of the hall, casting dim orange spaces on the wall. The old man walked up to the study and opened the door with ease, took two steps in and shut the door behind him. 	Sitting down at his work desk he stretched out his right arm revealing the bulging purple veins under his thin skin. For a moment, he recognized the order of the books neatly organized on the bookshelves. Behind him, the fireplace and a mantle with a vase containing the ashes of his mother. Candles lit the study with a dim glare, in the glare was the family of ghosts he had for so long and lost in a heartbeat. The old man thought of his life, what he had failed and accomplished, what he’d lost and found. He had skeletons in his closet he still hadn’t cleaned out, just like every other human being. He lifted the knife to his open wrist lying on the desk, closed his eyes and ran the cold blade across his skin. The old man flinched when he felt the sharp knife slice his wrist. He opened his eyes, the knife was still dry, as was his wrist. He looked back up to find the faded ghosts, they were gone. He didn't understand anything, he looked back down at his wrist and it was still dry. The old man heard a soft calm voice beside him; it was his wife. The spectre reached out her hand and touched his wound, it then began to bleed dark, crimson red blood. Finally he started feeling light headed and he saw doubles of his surroundings. The old man was gratified to leave his life of fear and resentment, he could finally release the burden of his sanity.