Hi! Today was a really sunny day. It started awful too! LOL, but everything’s okay now, though. I started in one of those 'don't want to get out of bed, and not going to' moods. I soon found myself late, and trying to cram a shower in with only five minutes left until I had to go to school. We were a little late, but made it with enough time for me to chat with my friends for about a minute and then get to class. In class I was snapping at everyone... even to some of my friends. But I survived the mad mood and once I got into sixth period, I started feeling better and happier (which was amazing because we had a test to take over spelling and vocabulary which I hate). Anyways, I think I passed with, at least, a B. After that test I took an A.R. test (Accelerated Reader, a program we have in school where we read books that are worth so many points and then take tests on them to se how well we read them and we have to get so many points by the end of the semester). In the A.R. test I got all 20 questions right that gave me enough points to pass English this year (I have been working hard because I have a 59% in the class). After that I was in a very good mood. I came home happy and did my dishes in a good mood. I finished cleaning my room with a smile on my face, but it all seemed to go away when my sister asked me to baby-sit. I mean I couldn’t tell her no, she would get to mad at me for saying no. I guess that is one of the soft spots about me; if I know someone will throw a tantrum after I say no, I just figure it would be easier to just let them have their way. To be completely honest, I wouldn't mind babysitting if my sister didn't rag on me so much, if she gave me at least a day's notice beforehand, and if she wouldn't throw a fit if I said no. I feel like I'm being forced into it because she wants another chance to have a regular live... Which I don't blame her, and I don't mind. It's just that, I don't think I have once been able to go off by myself since she has had that baby because every time I get the chance to, she wants me to do something for her and after that I wont feel like doing anything but popping 20 aspirin and laying down and not wake up. Believe it or not, despite mine and mom's talks, I have been getting my thoughts again, and once again I have to force them out because I know that I have a  lot  going for me. After having so much stressed packed down on me, though, sometimes I just don't care. I'm just glad that I'm a smart girl (or smart enough) to be able to pull myself out of depression when nobody else even realizes that I am sad. Something inside of me tells me that I don't want them to realize it though. That I am strong enough on my own to hold everything inside and stand up strong and proud. I actually have a good reason to stand up tall and proud, though, not a whole lot of fifteen year olds can say that they can hold everything inside, think about suicide, attempt it, realize what’s going on, step back, take a look at the life that they have, and make themselves better instead of lingering in the past. And for those that can say that they have been through all of that, I applaud you, you have officially been through my life and back... I don't think I have to worry about my thoughts though; they will go away, just like they always have. It's amazing to me how something so simple, like babysitting, can drive me to these thoughts. I'm just trying to think back to earlier in the day when I was happy and when I was talking to the guy I like (I admit it, I like another guy... nobody knows about him either, which makes it all the more better). Right now it's raining... I love it! I can't believe how easy it was for me to get into a better mood... LOL It amazes me to think that for some people they get into a better mood when the sun comes out, but for me I get more depressed. I guess that is one of the many reasons why I want to live in a big city when I get a little bit older. I had my sights set on Portland, Oregon. When I get older I want to save up all of the extra money I could and move to N.Y. ...That is my dream place to live; and I hope my dreams come true! Anyways I'm going to go do my dishes whil I still feel like it so... Today I ate: 1 cookie 1 fairly small handful of Cheese-Its.