I have this problem recently where I get a song stuck in my head and I listen to it over and over and over again. Sometimes I will add a little dance in my chair at my desk when I listen to it. Other times I sing along with it in my car. Currently that song is the Yeah Yeah Yeah's  Maps . Previously it was Pavement's  Billie . Sometimes they aren't objectively good songs. I went through a week-long period where the song was No Doubt's  It's My Life . I'm embarassed to say that No Doubt is the #2 most played song on my iTunes with 38 plays.   I don't know how these songs get stuck in my head, or more appropriately why I become so incredibly obsessed with them. They are probably stuck in my head since I listen to them over and over and over again. I am currently listening to  Maps for I think the 6th or 7th time today. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to my musical obsessions. Sometimes is something as ridiculous (but catchy) as Beyonce's  Crazy in Love , other times something as nondescript as Elliot Smith's  Somebody I used to Know .   I just pushed repeat on  Maps  for the fourth time in a row.  Its really like an addiction. I gotta have this song. I am greatful for my trusty iPod. I can hear the song in my head all through class, but then dash out of the room and get my fix. During my No Doubt phase someone once played it very, very loudly outside my classroom. It was really hard to listen to my professor and not mouth the words.   Shit, I forget the words already. Maybe I should listen to that now.   Maybe its more like a crush. The sort of thing you obsess over for a week or two, and then you realize the guy isn't really all that great or not at all into you, and you're over it and move on to another boy. Yeah, I know that doesn't really happen anymore. I can't say life has been like that since 12th grade. But that is what my music fix is like. Its a string of petty teenage crushes on songs.   I've repeated this song for the 6th time in a row. I think I need to turn my computer off. This crush might become a little too obsessive.   urlLink  postCount('108502789978284716');