So I leave at 3:30am tonigh/tomorrow morning (depending on how you look at it).  I'm not going to write much more about this weekend despite it being really run.  I guess I'm just not motivated.  On a quick note I made peace with Mark who I used to have some sort of ill will against for something that transpired with Michelle a long time ago.  I also took a stroll through the red light district again.  This time I was sober and able to appreciate it a bit more I think, if you can call it appreciation.  For those of you who don't know the red light district is kind of like window shopping.  You walk down these streets and all these girls are decked out in dresses and makeup sitting behind windows.  So you just go shopping till you see one you like and pick her out.  Supposedly the only service foriegners but suprisingly enough not only was I talked too this time around but I was propositioned by one of the pimps.  Oh yeah the pimps are really old ugly ladies.  "Short time" was only 60k, about $50 U.S.  Somehow I managed to decline.  The reason I ended up here is because Arabian Nights was right across the street.  Go figure.  Arabian Nights is also absolutly huge.  There were no tables for us so we forked over a ton of dough and got a private room.  This came with booze, a private bathroom, and a kareoke machine.  Pretty cool stuff.  Ok enough about that. I'm ready to up and go.  I'm so darn tired I think I'll sleep the whole bus ride there as well as the flight.  I've gotten almost all my ducks in a row.  I picked up my sunglasses today and got all the money transactions taken care of at the bank.  I'd like to get to E-mart to get some stuff like sunscreen an extra padlock and a flashlight but I think I can get most of these at the airport.   Some of the guys and I should be getting together to hang out tonight.  This will be the last time I get to hang out with Tim as he's getting out of here in around 2 or 3 weeks.  This sucks cause he's a pretty cool guy.  While I want to have fun I need not get totally plastered or else it'll be an even longer ride to the airport.   Ok I stole Mieka's quiz.  Also the tag board is clean so lets all act a little more mature regarding out posts on it please.  Apologies go out to any and all who were offended.  urlLink     Where do you fall on the liberal - conservative political spectrum?  (United States)     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla   I'm conservative, big surprize there.