Since I have not posted anything as of late, and Steve Silver's roll call is coming closer and closer to this blog, I have decided to republish some of my old work. So without further ado, here was my ranting on the news media:  Is it just me or is the world news the most depressing thing that you can watch today? Every time I tune into the world news I see that another bomb has gone off in Baghdad and/or the Iraqis are resisting the American forces with more resilience every day of the week. Now personally I could care less about the whole Jews vs. Palestinians enigma, but for the elderly people of America this is basically all they cherish.  This brings me to what I believe causes depression in all of America. It is the world that is around us (especially the deplorable middle east). People over the age of 35 usually have children and are relegated to the inner dwellings of their homes. They cannot go outside because they have offspring (which is deplorable in its own right). So thus they must stay inside and guess what the main appliance is used in America is. If you guessed the toaster, you are a moron, GO AWAY! Now if you have any idea of how lazy America is today, you would have guessed that the television is the most used.  Now you might be asking, "Yeah so what if the TV is used the most, there are plenty of options for people to watch." Well if you haven't noticed, the TV schedule is not geared at all to the older people. Just switch to any channel and I bet you will not see anyone over the age 65 on your TV screen that is not a grandparent of some pin head.  There is one exception to this though, the news on TV. The television networks news is a collection of retired geezers that would not be able to work unless he/she gives out carts at Wal-Mart. Now I do not have an issue with geriatric men and women, but I do have an issue with the way these geezers present the news. They make life seem to be a cripid, horrid life that is a struggle to live just one more day. If you think life is this way or that life is tough just follow my guidelines of how to make it easier:  1. Do not do anything except the following: 2. Eat 3. Take a piss 4. Take a dump 5. Take a shower 6. Go to bed 7. Repeat steps 2-6  With my guidelines you will have a peaceful life. With my principles for life, you will not have to listen to people that say that the apocalypse is coming around the corner. So now back to the TV news. Here is an outline of the main ideas of what will be presented on these asinine shows:  1. Five die in Baghdad from bomb 2. $80 billion will be spent on the war (they will try to make this seem like an extraordinary feat) 3. Britney Spears is ruining young American girls 4. Cancer is happening more often 5. Close up of one of the ugliest people in America who will jabber on about the good ole' days 6. Show ends  Now that seems very mournful so here is what I want the news to portray:  1. Womens' breast are becoming bigger and thus men like them more 2. The anchor will make a mockery of world leaders. Then once this show has the highest ratings, the actual politicans will have to go on this show. This is when the anchor will question them to see how pathetic their lives really are. There will be a laugh track on this so whenever these sleezebags answer any of the anchor's questions they will be baffled and confused until they shoot themselves in the head. The laughtrack will be played after the riddance of this flunkey and everyone will revel as the scum bags will all be gotton rid of. 3. Men in the world rejoice as women try to become more hip and thus sluttier. 4. Girls jumping on trampolines (or for you ladies I suppose there could be some beefcake in there)  With my current plan everyone in America would be jubilant and there would be no more cynics like me.