Please, everyone of us, use single-minded strength of will to make TD join our commune.  Today he should have no choice but to sit down at his computer and register at blogspot -- TD: "Why do I have such a strong desire to sit down at my computer and register at the blogspot?"  Yes that is that is the wish of the Borg.  As for the rest of you non-contributing borgmates, I am the Borgmaster, [not to be confused with Pete who is the Blogmaster] and I command you to write.  Chang, Gillymonster, Possum, Michelle, SER (anyone else?) all of you will feel a strong desire to sit down at your computers and update the baby-borg on your whereabouts and doings -- All: "Why do we feel such a strong desire to sit down at our computers and communicate our whereabouts and doings?"  In order not to be a hypocrite, let the Borgmaster offer this wee update. I'm still stranded in Moose Jaw.  Tomorrow, Calgary.  The day after that, Vancouver.  Kate and I finally found out where we're going to be in Japan, beautiful Hondo City!  It's just off the south eastern coast of Kyushu island on one of the Amakusa islands.  It's a moutainous, coastal city of 40,000 and very rural which I suppose will be like IC without the football players or the hotpants but with a lot more water and moutains.  We like visitors.  Book now with your travel agent.  The rent for our three tatami aptmnt will be CDN $212/month so you might even consider saving up and moving in next door.  Otherwise, I've been doing my best to stay on the right side of Kate's family and to get informed about the upcoming federal election.  Last night was the leaders' french langauge debate on tv.  This is quite a comic event as none of the leaders speaks french fluently.  This kind of french is my kind of french.  Bonjour tout le monde.  Je m'appele Jack Layton et je voudrais etre le "Prime Minister" de Canada.  Tonight is the English language debate.  Those Blogmates with satellite tv should prepare yourselves for a real treat.  At the moment, it looks as though there will be a conservative party majority -- the conservatives are planning to spend more on the military, Americanize health-care, ban abortion, and make gay unions illegal, not to mention getting tough on crime and drugs.  Anyone who told me you'd move to Canada if Bush got in again, please use your impressive powers of mental control to elect the NDP or Greens.  Canadians: "Why do we feels an overpowering urge to vote for NDP or Green?"  If the conservatives win, plan on on staying where you are for the next 1-5 yrs.  This is an interesting election year since the less powerful parties are showing well in the polls and are expected to split the vote on the left.  There are five contenders.  In addition to the Conservatives there are the liberals who have been in power for the past forever and who presided over the country's biggest ever $ scandal which has been coming to light over the past year; the Bloc Quebecois whose single goal is to dismantle the federation (they only run candidates in Quebec);  the NDP who are very left and who I wish would win a majority but will happen when pigs fly; and the ever likable Greens.  I'm hoping for a minority government situation where there's a coalition between the liberals and the NDP.  The liberals need to be punished for their corruption and an NDP government by itself would likely get us invaded by a re-elected Bush.  So far since coming home my polictical highlight has been when longterm NDP MP (Member of Parliament)Svend Robinson stepped down after stealing a $50,000 necklace at an auction.  He turned himself in to the police the next day when he couldn't get in touch with the auction house which was closed for the weekend.  Miss you all.