from: brett mills sent: saturday, january 31, 2004 19:01 pm subject: my adventures part 2   Well Hello everyone.  It has been a fun few days.  Today was my first day where I did it all by myself.  I definately needed to do that.  It has built up my confidence to do more now.  Today I caught the train from my station Chajo and went into the City, Gifu.  I knew what platform and I Knew how much, but when the train arrived I had no idea if that was the one to catch so I just asked the conductor "Shin Gifu?" he nodded and then I went from there.  Everyone is so friendly and so well dressed.  The conductors on the train have immaculate uniforms with White Gloves.  Not like good old Queenslad Rail.  Everyone likes to stare at me.  I know I am good looking but I had no idea just how good looking I must be.  When  I walk around I think of Where`s Wally.  I am the only Westerner around in Gifu, I swear.  So anyway, after my train ride into Gifu, I caught another train to Nagoya (about 25 minutes away)  Nagoya is the fourth largest city in Japan. From there I then caught a Subway train to Sakae.  This is the exclusive part of Nagoya, with shops like Tiffany and Co, Louis Vouton (I am not sure how to spell that one) etc.  This is where my Orientation will be on Monday. I met up with some people that I met at the airport.  We all just wanted to see where we had to go on Monday.  We had a bit of a look around the area and then I headed home.  I am now in the 24 hour internet cafe, which is just around the corner from where I live.  The last time I was here it cost me 400yen for 1 hour and a coffee (That`s around $5) so I thought that was pretty cheap.  I am supposed to be going out for drinks tonight with the girls from upstairs to meet some other Nova staff.  Yesterday I went for a bike ride into Gifu.  It was mad.  There are no rules over here.  You just ride with the cars or on the foot paths, crossing in front of cars.  No helmets required (Yes Dad I will be careful)  Bikes are the only things that people here steal.  The girls upstairs from me have stolen a couple of bikes.  They have even had there bikes stolen and then brought back the next day with notes on them to say thankyou.   There are bikes everywhere.  I will probably end up buying one.  They are quite cheap.  I will however get a lock for it.   So I haven`t really done anything fantastic or seen any castles or anything like that.  There is a castle in Gifu that I might go to tomorrow.  I have been to a shrine that is at the end of my street.  But it is a crappy one.  I did go to an Isakia (Not sure how to spell that either)  It is a small restaurant pub type of thing, with my flat mate (who is moving out tomorrow, so I will be living by myself for a while)  The front of it just looks like someones front door.  It is amongst units and houses.  Inside there is seating for about 20 people.  They have Karaoke.  There was only 4 other people there.  We ordered some noodle dish.  I couldn`t read the menu but my flat mate could.  Then another older couple came up to us and gave us some Sake.  It was very nice.  They asked a few questions, of course I had no idea what the hell they were talking about.  They were so friendly.  I start orientation on Monday and from there I will be told where I will be working.  I will also get a mobile phone then.  I feel lost without one at the moment.   OK.  I must be off now.   Thankyou for all the emails.  Keep me informed of what is happening over there.  I know the weather is hot.  It is FREEZING here.  Hopefully it will snow soon.  I will email again next week.   Bye for now Brett