As the old saying goes "all's well that ends well."  So today or yesterday, depending on where you live, all seemed to end well between me and estranged ex-girlfriend Han Nae.  I'm still a little confused about the details myself but the beef of her problem was that I hadn't planned for her to be in my future.  By future I assume she means the long long run.  Cause I am coming back to Korea you know.  I was also relieved to find out that she isn't seeing anyone else, or so she says.  Call me naive but I do believe her.  She finally broke the ice my messaging me online, sounds a little nerdy huh?  Anyway there is no ill will and I am in a much more up beat mood.  She wants to remain "friends" but I'm not exactly sure what the Korean implication of friends is.  Guess I'll find out.  Tonight is trivia night at Hooters.  Last time I went I was the only one answering questions.  Neither of my friends I went with knew anything.  We almost won too.  So hopefully tonight will be better.  To keep you guys occupied here some words I've been studying up on to improve my vocab for the GRE.  I know I didn't know any of these before I started studying. 1) salubrious 2) obdurate 3) polemical 4) pedagogy 5) quiescence If you don't want to bother looking them up don't worry, I'll post the definitions tomorrow.  Also while I'm on the topic of English it is amazing how bad people's grammar is over here.  I thought I'd be back where people spoke English well but apparently not.  The whole good and well thing is driving me up the fucking wall.  Nobody gets it right.  Seems everyone is middle Ga. "does good."  Beats me.  I've given up and just accepted it. This is my public cry for help, does anyone know how you can get your browser to read Korean characters?  My problem is this, I keep getting e-mail from people in Korea and they always sign there name in Korean and I have no clue who it is.  I've figured out how to type Korean and I can bring up Korean web pages but from some reason when I'm in my e-mail it just doesn't work.  Any help would be appreciated.