Wow!  What a weekend!  I'll start from the beginning.  Friday night I went out with my old roommate and 2 other girl-friends.  We went to this club downtown, it was pretty fun.  Nothing really exciting happened that night.  So we go back to one of the other girl's apartments to stay the night and I sleep on an air mattress next to her little frog aquarium, well the frogs had sex all night!  Noisy sex!  I was like dude, what the fuck are your frogs doing in there?  She said they're nymphos.  Those little bitches kept me up all night!    Saturday we went to the bay area and I met up with  my friend there that's about to get married.  It was her fiance's bachelor party on Saturday so we went shopping all day to get out of the house.  The guys told us we weren't supposed to be home until 10pm, but at 9:30 she decides she wants to drive by the house to see what's going on.  Well, she sees a stripper getting changed in her spare bedroom window and freaks out.  She runs in there and makes a scene saying that she wants that fuckin bitch out of her house, blah blah blah.  I tried really really hard to keep her away from that house, but she was adamant about going and since she was driving I couldn't do anything about it.  Long story short, she realized how rediculous she was acting she apologized to all the guys, told the stripper to stay and dance, and we left to a club.    So we go to this club, and we meet my old roommate there.  At about midnight my friend decides she needs to go home to talk to her fiance.  So she leaves and my old roommate and I keep drinking.  I was drinking long islands, so I was getting very drunk, very fast. ;)  I was walking to the dance floor and this guy grabs me by the arm and says "I want your number"  I was like "You NEED some manners!"  and kept walking.  Fuckin moron.  So this hot guy I had been checking out most of the night comes up to me and tells me I have a beautiful smile, and asks me to save a dance for him.  Then about 30-40 minutes and 3 long islands later I'm dancing and he comes to dance with me.  He said that it was his 25th birthday, so he's out celebrating.  We danced the rest of the night and kissed a few times. ;) I really don't remember some of the night, but I do remember his 6 pack, oh my god!  We were dancing, and i put my hands on his chest, then i felt his stomach... he had the most perfect 6pack ever!  So that's what we'll call him, 6pack.  I get all warm just thinking about it =)  He's totally a thug, which is the only type I used to date.  He's really nice though, and hot!    Next thing I know I'm at this apartment and it's packed with all the people that were at the club.  A fight breaks out between 2 girls and everybody gets involved, everyone's screaming and pushing eachother.  Then the guy who lives there gets up on the kitchen counter and screams "All yall mothafuckas need to get the fuck out my house!  Right now god dammit!  All yall!"  While all this is going on, this guy, who is a cousin of the guys that live there, was hitting on me, telling me he needs to talk to me outside.  I had taken my shoes off because they were way too hard to walk in when I was drunk, so he gave me a pair of slippers to put on so I could go outside to talk to him.  I get out there and he just keeps pulling me close and trying to kiss me, so I kept pushing him away, and finally went back inside.    The next thing I remember is waking up in the morning on this janky ass futon mattress in a bedroom I've never seen.  I felt like shit!  I was half hungover, half drunk, my head was pounding, it was hot as hell, and I felt like I was going to throw up.  I turn over and the guy who lives there (that was screaming at everyone to leave) was laying next to me asleep.  I was like oh fuck!  What did I do???  Then I realized we were both fully clothed, and nothing happened.  So I get up to find some excedrine and I see my old roommate laying on the floor on the other side of the room.  Man, was I happy to see her!  So I threw up a couple times, and we finally left there at like noon.  We went to her parents house and I took a shower and went to lunch with my friend that's getting married, and her fiance.  As soon as i smelled my food I had to throw up again.  After that I was fine though, I think I just had to get out the last little bit of alcohol.  Then we went to Target and they dropped me off at my old roommate's parents house.  The two of us went to this bbq for our friend's birthday, and everyone that was at the apartment the night before was there.  We get there, I look like shit and have a huge bottle of water, while everyone else is drinking Heineken.  If I got a nickel for everyone that told me how fucked up I was the night before, I'd be rich!  After we were at the bbq for a while I caught a train to come home, and while I'm on the train guess who calls!  6pack!  I didn't even know I gave him my #!  So we talked for a while and he's saying how he wants to see me again.  I told him maybe this weekend or the following one.  After we get off the phone and I call my old roommate to tell her he called.  Here is how the conversation went:  ME:  Dude, that hot guy I danced with last night just called me.  I didnt even know I gave him my #! HER: You didn't, I did. ME:  What?  Why did YOU give him my #? HER: Because he asked me for it. ME:  Why did he ask you? HER: Because your drunk ass couldn't remember it. ME:  HAHAHAHAHAHA!  Wait you fucker, how did you know I wanted him to have it?  Did you give it to anyone else? HER: Ummm because he was hot, and no, that other guy that told you he wanted your # asked me for it too, but I told him I didn't know it. ME:  Good job!   HER: I know.  So that was my weekend.  THEN... I get home and there is a notice on my front door, I open it up and it says that Cop bounced his fuckin rent check.  It said he has to pay it plus $75 or they'll take us to court.  I swear to god if he doesn't pay it, i'll saw his nuts off with a plastic butter knife!  I was so tired, but I was pissed and determined to stay up to yell at him when he got home.  I ended up passing out at the kitchen table, and guess who wakes me up!  Cop's wife!  Instead of waking up from a nightmare, I woke up into one.  I definitely didn't want to deal with her so I just went straight to bed.  I thought she wasn't supposed to come over anymore!  Tonight I'm going home to watch An Officer and a Gentleman, and go to bed early.    Oh!  One more thing, I got an e-mail from Fireman today.  It was just a FWD of a picture of some freak.  But there were 2 weird things about it, #1 he sent it to my work e-mail and I don't give that out to anyone for personal e-mail, so I have NO idea how he got it, and #2 he's never e-mailed me before at all.  So, just to see if there was anything to it.  I replied with a quick note that said something like "How funny!  Thanks!  How've you been?"  He just recently broke up with his girlfriend, so I'm interested to see what he has to say.  My priority right now is to get the courage to ask FBI to go to that wedding with me.  Alright, that's it for now.  Hasta Manana!  PS For anyone new to the blog that doesn't know who any of the people I'm talking about are, read my very first blog, it explains everything =)