In puttering around on the 'net, I came across this gem of a website:  http://www.teenvote.us  (You'll have to cut and paste into browser because for some reason the link isn't showing up.)   It's a bunch of [what I believe to be] teenagers that are lobbying for the right to vote.  They actually want to change the voting age to 15 or 16!!!  Ok, I appreciate their desire to be involved with politics.  Being a history teacher, I see the value of keeping students informed when they are in high school so they can become productive members of society (aka voters) when they graduate.  But... come on, now.  Giving a 16 year old the right to vote is a dangerous idea.  I deal with teenagers all day.  Most of my kids don't have an original thought in their hormonally-imbalanced little heads.  They just regurgitate what they hear at home or what they hear from their friends, who are equally uninformed.  They believe everything at face value without researching, analyzing, and making their own decision.  Case in point:  the student who believed that African-Americans will lose the right to vote in 2007.  I talked about him the other day.  If I had a nickel for every time a student said that we should bomb the tar out of Iraq, I would be wealthier than Oprah right now.  What's even sadder is that they know nothing about the way this country's government works, or its history.  People need to know these things before they vote.  The whole premise behind these kids' argument is that adults are becoming apathetic and teens should be able to vote because they are the future.  They suggest administering a test that teens that want to vote have to pass.  Fine, kids.  One problem:  I have a feeling that's against the Voting Rights Act.  You can't administer any tests to determine whether or not a person has the right to vote.  That kind of goes back to the day when they gave African-Americans impossible literacy and citizenship tests at the polls so there was no way they would be able to vote.  But nice try.  The scary thing is, Ralph Nader supports this.  Par for the course.  This is the same guy that throws his hat in the race so that Bush won't be reelected... and completely ignores the fact that by doing this, he takes support away from John Kerry.  Hardly anyone will vote for Nader.  He will not become President.  If he continues to run, the US will have to deal with Bushie for another four years, which I don't know if I can deal with.  I might have to go marry a Canadian hockey player and give up my citizenship.  I can't deal with a man who starts a war on a hunch, bases his policies on conversations he has with God, and spends $87 billion on defense when there's people who can't afford health insurance in his own country.  I OFFICIALLY THROW MY SUPPORT TO JOHN KERRY.  He may not be the BEST choice, but then, who ever is.  He's better than Bush.  I can't understand why anyone my age would be a Republican anyway.  All right, enough of my political rant.  I don't know why I get all fired up about these things.  I guess it's good that I'm informed and involved.  There are too many of my peers that are apathetic yet complain about how much this country sucks.  ROCK THE VOTE, MY PEOPLE, ROCK THE VOTE! urlLink