THE SKINNY ON THE DIP (FRENCH STYLE) AND COURTESY FOR A COURTESAN  My nomination for least desirable food item to purchase on a short lunch break: French Dip Sandwich. Let me say this, I've always been a fan of the French Dip. That was before today.  I ran to Arby's.  The Dip seemed like a good choice.  I hardly ever get things to go (I dine in.  It's my style).  But I thought that today was the day to branch out.  I got The Dip and a large curly fries to go.  They gave me a little styrofoam container of the dip juice.  I set the bag on my passanger seat as I cruised back to school.  Little did I know that The Dip was trying to escape on the way to Oceanview Elementary.  I arrived at my destination and grabbed my bag of Arby's savories.  But cursed was me!  Fate dealt me a cruel hand!  The dip juice had broke open.  It had not only dipped my entire bag and its contents but had dipped my passenger seat, my day planner, my sweater, a book, my cd and most of the floor as well.  This toxic dip ate though the bag and as I snatched it from the passenger seat it disintigrated as I held it over my lap.  So the dip sandwich, curley fries, packets of horsey sauce, arby's sauce, catsup and a fountain of bovine-scented juice (that was plotting my demise in the bottom of the bag) assaulted my loins.  I was dipped.  It was disaster.  Curley fries decorated the pavement.  The driver's seat joined the dip party, drinking up the rest of the juice, my pants did the backstroke in the pool of dip.  I picked of the fries and put them back in their container.  I wasn't going to waste them (God made dirt and dirt don't hurt!).  I angerly devoured the remnant of my lunch, offering it up as a sacrifice to my frayed nerves and offended appetite.  I pulled myself together and pushed on through the rest of the day, exhibiting the character of the professional that I am.  But WARNING! anytime you have a desire for the French Dip, PASS.  Because as I type, my eronous zone still reeks of liquid sirloin.  And that wasn't all today.  Yesterday some of the students in the 5th grade class I'm teaching couldn't shut their mouths.  So today, they had to get a dictionary and write the defintion for courtesy 15 times.  I told them to copy all three definitions. It was all great, but at the end of the day I was looking through the papers and saw that one student, instead of copying all three definitions, she copied the definitions to three different words.  One being the word "courtesan."  Definition?  "A prostitute, most commonly found in a royal court."  I wonder how that converstation went with her parents. "So, Jackie, what did you learn in school today?" "Well..."