DONT FORGET TO READ ABOUT MYKL VS. CRAPPY SATURDAY BEFORE YOU READ ABOUT HAPPY SUNDAY!  Sunday, we woke up late (i was 20 minutes late for breakfast, as usual, but since it was Sunday i didnt feel so bad LOL) and had some breakfast. Then we sat around and did nothing for a while, and then Chris, Sarah and I went to the malls/ Archambault (the most awesome music store). Our July bus passes ran out, so now we must pay to go places :( LOL ... i bought a splitter for my headphones (so other people can listen to my CD player with me... ist worth it for the whole 4 dollars lol), but since there are 8 billion different types, i got the wrong one (each person could only listen to the left side) so we had to return it which took a bit lol... but i got what i wanted in the end and i was happy!..... then we went down to Québec and did some walking and shopping... i bought a red and black shirt (FOUR DOLLARS OFF!) and an etching from Rue des Tresors.... i got 8 bucks off that, but only because i bought black and white instead of sepia (it was nicer, and the guy selling it said that any real artist/collector would much rather the black and white, and if people agree with that, they get the discount LOL).... its very nice, and for the size i got, it was a really good price. Its mainly of the Chateau Frontenac, but there are some other things as well (obviously LOL). i spent close to 70 dollars on it, but i didnt feel bad about that because its really the only souvenier i bought in the five weeks (except a magnet). We came back and did laundry, and while we did that, Sarah, Matt and I used Matt's portable DVD player to watch "Amelie" (awesome movie)... we could all listen with headphones by splitting his splitter with mine! LOL During laundry time, i went to put my clothes in the dryer because my washer was done, but actually Sarah and I had blown the breaker, so our clothes were sitting in soap and water. It only took about 15 minutes to be fixed, and we just had to run them one at a time to finish. then we went to bed.  Today was my oral presentation with Rubeena and Matt-With-A-Red-Hat. we made the entire project up in the ten minutes before we presented it, and at first i was weary of Rubeena's improv abilities, but i think we did really well! We had nothing to do this afternoon, but didnt really have the time to go to Quebec since at 8:00 we have to go to the Spectacle Amateur to watch people who think they have talent (go Chris) so Sarah and I went to Wal*Mart to develop pictures. *YAY*  thats all for today... now we are all caught up. I have one minute left in here, so i must go. Au revoir!