Happy Christmas Eve! I can't believe that Christmas is only a couple of hours away. I have been so blessed these couple of days, getting cards and gifts from unexpected people. It's nice to know that you are cared about. Like for instance Brynn and her mom have blessed me so much these last couple of days. They got me a box of chocolate covered strawberries from California, then they got me a gift box of bath and body works with the lotion, bath gel, etc. Then on top of all of that Brynn and two of her friends offered to washed my car today and did!  We went to a Christmas party tonight that was for the cousins on my moms side, I had fun with mom and my friend Jason getting a new outfit. Jason called me up today to see what I was doing, since he is studying to be a doctor at U of A he comes to Phoenix every once in awhile and when he does we go to the mall, it is quite funny. He told me that he is actually going to go spend time with our good friend Jojo in London for the break, I was like no fair! I want to go hang out with you too! Oh I have to share a dream I had a couple of days ago: I dreamt that I was driving in the car with my parents, I fell out of the car and rolled onto a grassy area, a black and white dog came by and started biting and attacking me. I am normally not afriad of dogs but this dog terrified me! I was so scared of him! My dad saw how scared I was and sent me to a pyscho ward, I was in the building and I couldn't find my dad. I called him but he didn't answer, then there were lots of people coming in making lots of noise and I just sat down screaming my dad's name but he wasn't there, he left me there. For some reason I have been thinking about this a lot and I start getting teary eyed. I told my mom and she had my dad come in my room to tell him. I told him about the dream and then he said this: Cela, the day I took you to Remuda and they had to stick a tube up your nose was the worst day in my life. To see my daughter with fear in her eyes and I can't do anything about it is the worst feeling in the world, plus having to leave you there at that moment was so hard. I didn't even think of that situation, but I started crying. He prayed for me, and then said, you wouldn't have been scared of the dog if your mastiff was with you, huh? I said no, it would have attacked him! Anyways, it was a crazy dream. Well I am going to watch It's a Wonderful Life with my family. I love Christmas time!