but there's never any new posts.  It's been like a week.    crazy!  i travelled to Kenyon College with the Debate Team this weekend and as i drove through the hills and curves of southeastern ohio i listened to local radio.  it's like a whole different world.  they're still playing the hits on the pop and country charts, but the rest of the programming sounds like a completely other universe than format radio in the city sounds.   There's none of the ethereal other worldly zooms or zaps or beeps.  No thunderously echoing DJ voices giving station promos between each ad and after each program.  The ads don't sound like they rolled out of New York and Nashville.  Instead, DJs chat with their call-in listeners for twenty minutes.  They chat about characters around town.  Old friends hijinks.  They laugh about ridiculous what-ifs.  They speculate about the high school basketball game in two nights.  The ads are read by the business owners and sound as raw as spoofs on Saturday Night Live.  The drive-time DJ makes guest appearances at Spitlers restaurant every weekend and broadcasts live from Fiedler's Ford every thursday morning.  He also calls the high school ball game, and intersperses his commentary with information about recent team injuries, family facts about the players and stories about how the two coaches got along when they were on the high school team together way back in the day.   Local radio reminds me of blogging.  The broadcasts seem idiosyncratic, quirky and unpredictable.  The cast of characters on many blogs is as expansive and unique as any one person's world.  But usually you can take comfort that no matter what happens in the lives of the DJs down at WTNS or WHBC -- the broadcast signal will not keep rolling.    So...I'll try to do better.  The plan is NOT to slack off on my backburner since i have tenure.  the *plan* is to slack off on my *frontburner* -- but I've got such a conscientious streak runnin through me...it's so hard to leave behind those habits...but that's a different blog.  peace out, faithful listeners~