dude, what a day  here i was midafternoon, thinking i was just about done for the evening, but not a chance.  this afternoon colleen, leigh, and i visited another apartment... this one near the undergraduate campus, between some bars and stuff... but the house was nice, and the landlord was awesome... despite the location he says that he's never had a complaint safety wise, and that he lives right down the street... talked about all the things he plans to do this summer to fix it up even nicer, etc... we'd have 1 bathroom, a decent size kitchen, a living room, and 3 bedrooms... no matter where we live i probably get the master bedroom, which i have no problem with.  despite being an in the middle of town almost row-house kinda house, it had a nice decent size green yard... leigh and i visit one more place on sunday... hopefully something will work out soon. (re: the last places, we told the landlady of the house i didn't like so much that we weren't interested, and then never called the other guy back... doht)  went home to make dinner and watch the 3rd to last friends episode ever, then realized i'd never seen the rerun one that was on after it...  then, the people were playing basketball so i went to campus for an hour and a half of that... it was me, colleen, leigh, vicki, scott, and ben, and some other guy who was in a class ben taught this year... we played 4 games of playing up to 15 points and they were all pretty neck-and-neck throughout... i pulled a muscle or something in my leg partway through the 2nd game, and while i was moving i was ok, but occasionally could really feel it again, so i played a lot different the first half (in people's faces) than the second half (sticking near the basket and nailing shots)... an hour and a half later, we were kicked out on account of the gym closing, but we all had a lot of fun.... now that i sit still though, i can really feel it in the leg i screwed up -- oops.  one cold shower, and an episode of scrubs later (how can they put jd and elliot back together and have the last line be in jd's head "i don't want you!"?.... dude... next week better be good or the scrubs writers are fired!)  at any rate, class in like 9 hours... night.