I had a discussion today with some lady friends of mine about the changing definition of what a man is. Where we fit into todays society as opposed to say 50 years ago. This inevitably led into the discussion of where a woman fits into today's society.  Throughout the discussion I was struck by a profound negative image of what a man is and what a man does.  Gender stereotyping is not what I'm trying to discuss here in today's blog, but how there is a polarization of how a man needs to act in today's society. Male sterotyping has begun to impose both negative and positive change in today's male, as well as resentment and confusion.  Are males supposed to hold the door open, is that chivalry, is it polite, or is it a slap in the face to today's progressive women who may think they are being patronized. Are males still protectors, if a thief breaks into a house do we ask first if the wife feels she should have the option of confronting the criminal, or is it the man's responsibility. Do men have to show emotion the same way a female does, are we required to know how to communicate and listen and to that end understand the opposite sex. What is confusing is what is expected of us today. We must be strong, yet vulnerable. We must be chivalrous yet aware not to offend. We must be emotional, yet rock steady. We must be allowed to cry, yet not show weakness in times of stress. We must be romantic yet masculine. We must be in touch with ourselves, yet not show our feminine side lest we be labled.  Well, I quickly became confused and a bit frustrated. I consider myself to be a modern man. I have read several books on woman/men and how to communicate. Yet, according to the ladies wishlist, I can't think of a single man that would fit their long list of requirements.  And, the second I stated my wish list for a woman, I was labled a chauvinist. I chuckled at the time, but the more I thought about it, the more I started thinking these ladies were dillusional.   To me it boils down to understanding and communication on both sides. Woman as well as men need to be able to understand each other. Men do need to come out of the caveman days, but woman need to understand that we are not woman and that we have different ways of thinking and dealing with matters.  Ok...glad I got that off my chest.  Chauvinist signing out now.   RLB