While Republicans seeking the 65-million-strong Catholic vote want bishops to consider only abortion, Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., provides a more balanced view of Catholic senators' attitudes toward Catholic teaching with his ranking of Senate votes on pro-life, domestic policy and foreign policy issues. Using the stated legislative priorities of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB), Durbin ranked the 24 senators on Catholic positions in 48 votes, from the minimum wage to the right to unionize on the domestic front to the Iraq war resolution and Global AIDS funding on the international side as well as pro-life issues. Nathan Newman, at nathannewman.com, noted that, unsurprisingly, Democratic senators do poorly on pro-life ratings, except for the death penalty, but some Catholic Republicans are way off on other legislative priorities. John Sununu, R-N.H., and Rick Santorum, R-Pa., received the lowest domestic ratings (23%) with Jim Bunning, R-Ky., and Santorum tied with the lowest ratings in foreign policy (6%). Other Catholic GOPers with notably low ratings were Pete Domenici, N.M. (27% Domestic, 12% International) and Lisa Murkowski, Alaska (33% Domestic, 7% International). John Kerry had the highest domestic rating of any Catholic senator (95%) and had the highest overall ranking of 60.9%, followed by Durbin (60.5%) and Kennedy (60.4). "Unfortunately, recent media attention has focused on one or two priorities of the Catholic Church, while obscuring others. This has made it more difficult for Catholic voters to understand the full range of issues that have been identified by the USCCB as priorities for public life," said Durbin. "What we have done today is to use the criteria established by the US Catholic Bishops to give voters an insight into the voting records of Catholic senators."  Steven Thomma of Knight Ridder Newspapers noted that US Catholic registered voters prefer Bush over Kerry by 48% to 41%, according to a national survey by Quinnipiac University in Connecticut. In Ohio, a key battleground, Catholics prefer Bush over Kerry by 42.5% to 41.4%, according to a recent survey by Mason-Dixon. By comparison, Protestants prefer Bush by nearly 2-1, while Jews and voters of other religions prefer Kerry by 2-1.  Ruy Teixera, examining the 2004 National Survey on Religion and Politics in his June 2 Public Opinion Watch at www.tcf.org, found that evangelical Christians are not as solidly Republican as conventional wisdom has it. In at least one group, the "modernist" evangelicals, about one-sixth of the total, supported Kerry over Bush by 9 points (46% to 37%). And while "traditional" Catholics support Bush 60-30, they are only 27% of the total. Of the rest, centrists support Kerry 45-51 and modernists by a lopsided 61-33. And the polling data suggest strongly that those Catholics are far more concerned about issues, such as the economy, education and health care than abortion and gay marriage.