Well, I just bought $150 worth of beef.  What in the heck was I thinking?!  This guy knocks on my door at 7pm - my daughter and I had just gotten home from work/pre-school - he has a case of meat he needs to get rid of.  It was such an odd story, I had to believe it.... he'd been delivering in the neighborhood and had an extra case.  Instead of losing it, he'd try to get rid of it to someone else.  I guess I was the only one who answered the door!   The guy was from  urlLink Mega Foods .  I hadn't heard of them before, but what the heck - he opened the whole box, got out all the different meats - they were all  vaccuumed sealed.....  And I was hungry (never shop when you're hungry).  Well, I bought the box for 1/2 off the regular price.  Am I nuts, or what?!?   The thing is, I can't even cook steak!  At least not to my husband's liking... he likes the cow to still moo, where I'd rather know everything is completely killed.  So, according to him, I can't cook 'em... they're too well done or too tough or whatever.  Oh my gosh, that reminds me of my chicken!!!    He doesn't like my chicken either... in fact, we had been married about a year - his sister was coming over for dinner.   I made a wonderful chicken dish that was one of my husband's favorites, but instead of using thigh meat like normal, I used chicken breast (considering his reaction to the change, I'm sure there's a joke there somewhere).   He took a bite, drank some water, and said "This is  awful .  I can't even  gag  it down".     Guys and gals, one thing you do NOT say to your significant other when they've worked hard to make you a nice meal,  especially  when you have company,  is "I can't even gag it down".  Trust me, just about anything would be better.  We didn't have that dish for another 2  years and you better believe he gagged it down.   So, considering my luck with chicken, am I game to try cooking up beef for the next year?!  Fillet mignon?!  NY Strip?!?  Sirloin?!?  *sigh*  I guess I'll get a lot of practice... and practice makes perfect, right? (why did I just flash to the Stepford Wives???).    If my husband doesn't like it, well, I suppose I could always just try the Atkins diet.