This weekend, I am driving to Del Rio, Texas, to visit my good friend Jesus. For those of you who didn't grow up in Texas, or were just  Hispanically-challenged  like I was, that's Jesus as in "Hay-soos." Heh, I remember moving to Texas and being totally confused and freaked out to find that some people were named Jesus. Almost, but not quite, as startling as being named Ascension or Assumption. Gotta love the Catholics.  So Jesus is a really good friend of mine who got arrested and jailed last summer. Since then, he's been in prison. For a long time, he was waiting for his sentencing hearing. Now he's been sentenced and he's serving the remainder of his sentence, which was about thirty months. Lucky guy, he is. At one time he was looking at  20 to life . All of us are glad that it didn't end up that way.  Jesus and I used to have all kinds of fun eating at good restaurants, going to movies, hanging out at a bar, or just chilling on the balcony at my place. When I first met him, he was so drunk that he didn't even remember me afterward. This was in South Padre, Texas, at spring break. I had  Ronald McDonald  hair. I thought it was cute, but the color and the bleaching ravaged my hair.   urlLink    Bad picture, but you get the idea about the hair.  urlLink     Anyway, so that's where we met, even though it turned out that we were both students at UTD and I lived right next to his best friend, Cassie. Funny how things work out. At that time, I thought he'd be a fun and cool person to hang out and goof off with. Little did I know that Jesus was a really smart, insightful, and classy guy. I remember the night that this finally dawned on me. We were hanging out at the local IHOP at some ungodly hour, talking on and on about life and stuff. Right then, I realized that I never had a clue that Jesus would end up being an  IHOP friend . You know the type, although you might call him or her your Denny's friend or Waffle House friend. You can sit there for hours and shoot the bull and it never, ever, ever feels boring or like a waste of time. Christina is my IHOP girl 4eva...even though she went and sold out to the Atkins diet so she can't chow on too many pancakes anymore. Jesus was my IHOP guy, and I miss that.  So this weekend I'll be seeing him for the first time since the last time which, I'll have you know, was at a local upscale strip club. Jesus was the only person I ever went to a strip club with, and I had so much fun each time. I even met some of the girls, who were very sweet and nice. See, in addition to being smart and uh, entrepreneurial, Jesus had strong ties with  community service  organizations. He had some friends visiting with a convention or retreat or something. He invited me along with them to go salsa dancing downtown, then afterward we went to the club. And that was the last I saw of dear Jesus.  I can't wait to see him on Saturday! I'll be visiting my friends Miles in Austin and Yolanda in San Antonio along the way, so it will be like a big Texan road trip/scavenger hunt for old friends. The only part I'm dreading is the stretch between San Antonio and Del Rio. However, Del Rio is on the border so I'll be able to visit Mexico if I want and drink some tasty  horchata  (as if it isn't available right here in Dallas at the taqueria off Spring Valley Road). Mmm, horchata.   urlLink    Mmmmmmmmmm!  urlLink