Greetings in the name of Jesus!  YMCA Fun Pass ended the last school week of May and then i was jobless. i knew i could stay at 908 Stoughton #1 'til our subletters moved in. so the plan was to find a job and stay on campus somewhere, somehow. in the midst of Fun Pass ending, i was working with Karen for the YMCA Fun Bus. Fun Bus is a free YMCA on wheels. we bring equipment and sports to the community and run YMCA activities. it can range from a group or class of twenty students, to an entire grade level at a school to an entire school or community. along with Fun Pass, which runs Mon to Thurs, in the last two weeks i helped with Fun Bus Friday and Saturday. the week after Fun Pass, i worked with the Fun Bus on Wed, Thurs and Fri. it was still not going to be consistent work and pay, but i was grateful. in the midst of that i was praying and thinking about what other jobs i could do to stay down in chambana. i know God has something great in store for me here.  that same Friday, June 4th at about 9:30am, i received a call from Andy. i knew that she was in charge of the YMCA's summer camp programs, so i assumed that Chad talked to her about being a substitute bus driver for the summer. but to my surprise, she offered me a permanent position as a YMCA Summer Camp bus driver. i would work consistantly five days a week fulltime. O PRAISE GOD! He totally provided on this one! i was gonna apply at Wal-Mart or some random restaurant, but instead i get to use my limited skills and work with kids. how amazing is that?  now, after a week and a half driving for the Summer Camps, i can kinda see where God wants to use me. all the kids know me by name. thanks to the counselors who treat me like another counselor rather than a bus driver. i can see what God means when he glorifies the humble. i would have been content serving kids as a bus driver, but here i am, being appreciated and included in their lives. i am probably the only staff person this summer that all the kids and counselors know in name. that is so amazing to me. this probably feeds me in many ways, but i just want to serve God in whatever way He has chosen this summer. like i've said before, i dont know exactly where i am going, but i know that right now i'm in the right place, cuz God is in control. if this life was up to me, i'd probably be a businessman somewhere else, making lots of money, growing farther and farther away from this God who loves me. what a privilege it is to know my God wont let me go that easily.  By His grace and mercy, Gill