the current plot:  i *should* be asleep.  usually wednesday i don't have anywhere to be til 3pm, but scott's pizza seminar talk last week ran long and he asked for a second day to finish it... we all have to go be supportive, so i'm up and getting ready so i can go eat pizza and listen to scott talk about logic in an hour and a half... joy.  random thoughts and observations:  *why is that when people leave a note to themselves to do something, they often put punctuation marks?  (like !!!)  i was thinking about this as i did dishes last night... amanda has a neon green postit note on the fridge that says "take vitamins!!!"  if the neon green and the words already remind you, what's the added benefit of "!!!" for?  that's just one example, i know i do it too... the important things on to do lists often get !!! after them, but... why do we all do that?  discuss.  *i can't sleep anymore.  i just can't.  some people say they need at least 8, 9, 10 however many hours of sleep.  i apparently am not capable for sleeping more than 8 in a row, and often not even that.  (1) when i go to sleep, i toss and turn a lot before i fall asleep (2) i often wake up in the middle of the night thinking of things i have to do, or "just because"... (e.g. i vaguely remember waking up last night at 4am with a jerk, decided i was cold, went through my closet in the dark to find a sweatshirt, decided i didn't want it anymore b/c i'd get too warm, hung it back up, and went back to sleep) (3) i wake up early with a jerk too, think i'm ready to go and convince myself the extra hour of trying to sleep will be good for me this usually happens around 6, around 7, around 8, pretty much every morning hour until my alarm actually tells me to get up...  dude, what's wrong with me?  no wonder i'm tired all the time!  *studying math is such a weird (but usually fascinating) discipline... most people study topics and thoughts and stuff that have to do with society (humanities... or anything that involves english words)... even in the other sciences, people see direct applications to "normal life" too,... it's not that math can't be applied to "real life" because it totally can, but mostly people working on a Ph.D. in math are studying math topics because they (the topics) are there, and because the solutions are unknown... kinda like a treasure hunt... not *because* it's going to provide some scientific breakthrough down the line... we manipulate crazy objects you can't see with crazy rules, trying to figure out as much as possible about them.  all our discussions use huge crazy complex concepts no one understands but math people.  it's beautiful stuff... i just wish my brain could input more of it at once.  the end... see, i'm in a weeeeird mood this week.  later dudes.