.  fall update .   The leaves are  dropping out of the sky like slow sporadic colorful rain.  The light  that sits outside of the broad bay window in the dining room still has the  dramatic brown and gold quality of all the maple leaves around the back  yard, but the sun barely powers the light to penetrate at all.  The  world looks silent and slightly bored with the inevitable death of autumn  hanging in the air like the leaves barely attached to their  branches.    Jaelyn's just  finished her frozen toaster waffles and she's scrambling free of her  brightly colored plastic booster chair.  She spends a few moments  transferring water from the refrigerator door to the sink where one dirty pan soaks.  The little blue plastic tea cup only transports a thimblefull of water back and forth.  This game is technically an illegal one, but the true danger of the game still sleeps just now. Addison has been waking up in the middle of the night for no apparent reason and staying awake, quite pleasantly, for close to an hour.  As a result -- mornings for him don't come until at least 8:30.    Later this morning, Jaelyn, Addison and I will take our trip to the McKinley Museum where they will both revel in their simultaneous terror and thrill and the mechanical dinosaur that greets them with a roar and a clunky swipe of his ridiculously mechanized paw.   ROAR! says Addie to the dinosaur.  One of his most clearly pronounced words.    He's just pretend.  Jaelyn assures me or her brother -- or maybe herself -- as she tightens her gri[p on my hand.  After an hour or two at the museum we'll return for lunch and negotiate how many noodles or how many carrots or how much of a sandwich must be eaten before we can break out the halloween pumpkin full of tooth-rotting possibilities.  Lynn will return from Malone & I'll be up and off.    This is by far the best semester we've had teaching-wise.  We're teaching classes that we've taught at least two times each and we're starting to get the hang of scheduling heavy grading seasons.   This semester, Lynn and I both decided not to teach the introduction to College Education and Issues-type course that we've both taught in the past.  She decided not to because we almost adopted a third baby.  A long story, best shared in person.  I'm directing the Forensics and Debate program at Malone (a one year, interim position) so that fills a little extra time, and a few more weekends.   Our lives are defined mostly by our work and our kids these days -- but here are some of the events and accomplishments that made the Fall Semester particularly meaningful:   A trip to New Orleans for a delayed celebration of our ten year anniversary.  I presented at the National Communication Association and we got a chance to spend time with our dear friends Cliff, Mary & Deidra while there, too.  Jaelyn started school. Preschool, at least.  She goes three days a week, three hours a day to the Lab School on Malone College's campus.  That means that I get to take her to school two days a week, and Lynn and I can observe her through the one way mirror / window between classes.    Settling into a church that we love (!) Akron Christian Reformed Church was introduced to our lives by Marcia Everett.  We're lucky to go to church with many other friends who we deeply enjoy from Malone -- the Waalkes family, the Jensen family, the Leon family, Dawn Buckley, Jim Brownlee...and we're enjoying getting to know others.   Family Thanksgiving at the Rudds is always a favorite holiday, and while an injury in our Patriarch prevented the annual NOTAL BOWL from being played...we invented a hybrid competition which included dodgeball, capture the flag, and a dark vast empty building.  10 Year Homecoming at Cedarville -- meant the invigorating conversation and time spent with our dear friends the Cearleys and Janson Cearley in Cincy.  After the formal dinner where Jaelyn and Addison tried to turn off the banquet room lights on 300 people (twice), the Rhinds, the Davises, and the Mathiesons  were kind enough to wait with me while the locksmith arrived to accomodate the (ironic twist of fate) LOST keys to our car!  An odd *14 year* high school reunion for me plopped into the middle of my Fall, too.  It was only "odd" because it was *14* instead of 15.  But it was great to see people who have impacted me and who I have loved deeply.  It was, of course, too short and quick to make meaningful connection with people who I've missed. Speaking of...if there's any chance that Shannon is reading this...email me!  I lost that little bit of paper that I wrote your email address on -- and I can't find you on the internet.  A surprise opportunity to catch up with my dear friend Allen McElroy occured when I visited Marietta on his birthday...we stood on the top of a beautiful hill where his home will be built and shared our joys, struggles and journeys.  Friends like Marcia Everett and Toby & Elaine shared life in the small ways -- but the best ways...by sitting around and having fun and occassionaly deep conversations with us.  My ten minute play, Video Collection, was directed by one of my favorite students, Josh Aufrance and debuted during Malone College's Ten Minute Play Fest.  I don't know what the critics said, but I loved it.  Lynn made increasingly intricate jewelry for Christmas gifts and fun.  My friend from grad school, Bei Cai moved to town and threw a fun party.   A great visit from Uncle Ryan and Aunt Angie was cause for celebration and enjoyment.  Addison's Birthday celebration was a big one.  Friends from church and school came to celebrate with him.  Christmas at the Rudds and the Leindeckers were big highlights for the kids who continue to "get it" each year.   The Rudds exchanged individually made "ART" for each other.  Daniel Rudd wrote a BOOK! (literally) for Andy/Lynn/family.  Marianne illustrated it and they together had it bound.  If you visit, be sure to ask to see it.  It's amazing.     Erik, AKA basement boy, (our roomate of two years) asked Laura Miller to marry him.  She said "yes!"