Hi guys - I'm back from our August long weekend trip.  OK, this is a long story.  We had an unbelievable start to our camping weekend due to the forest firesrunning rampant up here.  We left on Thursday, July 31, 2003 at noon, heading for my sister's cabin which is about a 6 hour drive away, but we planned to stay overnight at Ernie's brother's hotel in the small town ofBarriere, about halfway to the cabin.  About 20 minutes away from their hotel, we saw a smallish forest fire being fought in the hills on one side of the highway.  It was just one of many small fires in BC right now, but I took some pictures of it since it was so close.  It was a super hot day, well over 100 degrees and our a/c was barely keeping us cool, and when we opened the windows, it was like sitting by an open oven door.   When we got to the hotel about 4 pm, we found out two of Ernie's nephews and 4 kids were there so it was nice to see some more family and for Jesse to have someone to play with. We talked a bit about the fire which has started the day before by a careless smoker. The fire was under control and some of the firefighters were actually staying at the hotel.  About 50 of them were expected at the hotel restaurant for dinner at 6 pm.     Around that same time, a sudden wind storm blew through, so hard it actually blew an open door of the hotel right off its hinges.   About an hour later, the valley began to fill with smoke, coming down the highway,  as well as over the hill behind the hotel. There was even light ash falling from the sky.  The hotel has a pub so we got lots of news from towns people coming and going from the restaurant and pub.  Apparently the wind had caused the fire to jump the firebreak and it was now out of control and growing quickly. Within about 5 hours, it had spread 6 km down the highway and was now only about 4 km down the road, threatening a small settlement called Louis Creek on the outskirts of Barriere.  People in Louis Creek had been put on evacuation notice and many were coming into town to find places to stay.  At about 9 pm, we learned that my BIL's accountant's house, as well as several others in Louis Creek, had been destroyed by fire.    My SIL Bonnie began to get worried that it might get to Barriere and she started packing up even though we hadn't received any evac. warnings.  We all thought she was over-reacting but we helped her pack up her pictures, and clothes and mementos into the car and truck.  At about 9:30, we heard that the fire was very close to the hydro lines and the power would be out within an hour, and likely wouldn't be back on for two to three days. This was going to be a real problem since the hotel was full and the restaurant fridges and freezers were full of food. We watched the 11pm news and learned how bad the fire back become and how quickly it had grown but nobody believed that the town of Barriere was in any danger at that time. Sure enough, at about 11:30 the power went out.  It was still stifling hot and so smoky my eyes were burning. We finally went to bed just after midnight but it was hard to sleep because of the heat and the smoke (we were in our motorhome), and also b/c we were hearing cars driving up and people talking every once in a while.   I woke up at 6 am and listened to the news and heard the fire had grown even more.  At about 8 am we got a one hour evacuation notice and we all started helping Ben and Bonnie pack up the rest of their stuff.  My nephew hooked up his camper and got ready to leave at a moment's notice.  The smoke was heavy and lots of ash and even burned leaves and pine needles covered everything.  We hung around and waited as long as we could to get more news and to see what was going to happen.  Ben and Bonnie were hoping to travel one hour south down a country road to get to the next major town of Kamloops where they had friends to stay with while they waited out the evacuation.  Their other option was to travel north and then take the long way to Vancouver. We planned to continue heading north to get to my sister's cabin where we were planning to spend the weekend.  I took pictures of the red smoke billowing over the hillside and it looked like the flames would reach the peak at any moment.  We were in direct line of fire and it was scary but we still didn't believe that it would actually get to the town.    Ernie and I finally left Barriere at about noon, not knowing exactly when Ben and Bonnie would be leaving or where they would go. The nephews had decided to go north and travel back to Vancouver.  On the way out of town, I took some great shots of the smoke and fire in the distance.  We only had a 1/4 tank of gas and all the power was out for the next 100 miles so no gas stations were open. We managed to make it to a gas station where there was a huge line up of cars and evacuees all trying to get gas.    Eventually we made it to the cabin where we spent the rest of the weekend.  Unfortunately we had no cell service so we couldn't call my BIL and see if they made it to their destination. That night, we were able to get in one channel on our TV in  the camper and we watched the news.  The announcer said that the fire had reached Barriere in the afternoon and that it was so out of control that the firefighters had had to pull out.  The entire town (pop. 2500 people) was on fire and it looked like it was going to be completely destroyed.  I was just shaking by this time.  It seemed unbelievable that I had just been there a few hours earlier.  The next morning we watched the news again and the reports were conflicting.  Some said the town was gone, others said only a few homes and businesses had been burned.  But even worse, a second fire had started up overnight, closer to Kamloop so now the entire highway was closed and no one could even get in or out of Barriere from the south.  We drove into a town nearby to find a phone booth and managed to find out that Ben and Bonnie and their kids had left about 1 pm and were now in Vancouver.    All weekend, while we were at the cabin, we watched the news reports and heard how both fires were completely out of control and were the worst seen in the province in 50 years. Over 8500 people had been evacuated in all.  When another fire broke out just south and east of Kamloops, the third big fire over the weekend, the Premier declared a State of Emergency in the whole province.  Three major highways have been closed, four towns and many smaller settlements have been completely evacuated and 100's of homes and businesses have been burned.  The weather is making it hard to fight these fires b/c we've been 43 days without a drop of rain and the temps for that last month have been over 85 and often over 100.  The forecast for the next 10 days is for more sun and heat and wind.  There are also thundershowers in the forecast which means the start of more fires.   We left the cabin this morning and had to travel the long way home but made it home this afternoon.  We still haven't had a chance to talk to Ben and Bonnie but late last night while watching the news, I saw a brief shot of their hotel, still intact. We don't know when they will be able to go home.    Unbelievable.