With your blatantly Christianized website, that is.  In July 2002, a stay-at-home mother named India who runs a "Christian apologetics" site called  urlLink Rational Christianity , "took a highly unscientific poll of skeptics as to what annoyed them about Christian websites." India received responses from 28 readers of atheist/agnostic newsgroups and  urlLink posted her survey results for all to see . Her results and analyses present much useful information about site usability, and caution against cluttering a site with  urlLink Jesus junk  (something  urlLink Dean Peters  also preaches against often -- but apparently not often enough). India concludes that Christian-themed backgrounds (crosses, Jesus fishies, etc.) are more or less pointless from an outreach standpoint, or from any other standpoint. They "add no value to a site and are likely to be as distracting from a usability point of view to Christians as they are to nonbelievers," she writes.  While the entire research project is interesting, it is the  urlLink anecdotal comments India received  that I find most revealing. One respondent commented that he or she disdained "autoloading music; pop-up windows; rants against gays, liberals, atheists and non-Christians; appeals to faith (i.e. the site should attempt to use reason to support their theses); blatant lies; etc."  Said another respondent: "In general, I find religious (not only Christian) sites tend to destroy their own credibility almost from the get-go. There are verbal and visual clues, which may pass as normal and fitting among believers, but which inevitably set off mental alarms in those who happen to be of a different faith, or of none at all. Sometimes these are implied by the general tone of a site, such as one which focuses exclusively on scripture while completely ignoring its historical and cultural context. But often the clues are downright silly, like pictures of a (presumably Semitic) Jesus with distinctly European features, or of an infant Jesus embracing a crucifix. Though these apparently fail to provoke any sense of incongruity or conflict in the eyes of most true believers, they strike the outsider as patently absurd. Indeed, the non-believer, provoked to laughter instead of awe, immediately feels his contempt for religion justified and reinforced."