Any of you that went to Henley with me knew what my biggest concern about the trip was. . . would I be home in time to see the Tigers play the Red Sox. Although my worries decreased after the Sox traded away Garciapara, but still I like the Sox. We got into our cars Monday morning, me mostly assuming I wouldn't be home until like Sunday. Well we all know what happened, I was sent home on Wednesday. Question is after that point, was my seat given away? I was very happy to find that someone had not been found to fill my spot!  So we get to the ballpark, get into our seats. Pretty good seats along the first base side. They go through the lineups, starting pitcher for the Sox, one of my favorites Lowe versus another one of my favorites Maroth. I just kept thinking to myself how much of a great game this was going to be . . . My home team against my favorite team, I love them both. I got myself situated. I love ballpark hotdogs so of course I had one of those, lots of onions, lots of mustard. And of course in my other hand, thinking healthy, I have my bottled water. First three go pretty good, solid defense on both sides, a scoreless game. Then, the rain starts to pour, a rain delay is out. They cover up the field. I felt confident that they would resume the game though, it wasn't that big of a rain cloud. So with that me and my mother go to the shops.  For my entire time playing my violin my case has been bare. This year I started putting stickers on the case, hoping to make it look a bit more interesting. I don't have much on there yet though, just a John Kerry sticker and a few stickers from our Orlando trip. So while we were in the team store I decided to get a sticker to put on my case, I think it looks alright, its a baseball with the Tigers logo is the middle. I think I have some more stickers in my basement, I will have to find those.  Back to the game. After about fifteen thirty minutes the rain is gone and the delay is lifted. I grab a pretzel with a shitload of mustard on my way back to my seat, and I am once again ready to enjoy the game, spirits still high. Once back in and situated, the period of scoreless has ended as the Red Sox drive in a run. Three outs and it is thrown to the bottom of the fourth where the Tigers don't wait long to come back driving in three runs. A scoreless fifth goes by, then in the sixth Maroth gives up two more making it a tie game again. But the Tigers are determined to bring home a win and score one in the bottom of the inning and take the lead again, now three to four. The game continues that way and the Tigers get the win.  After the game, the first win I have seen all year I might add, we stick around to see the post game fireworks. We've seen the fireworks at all three games we've been to, actually I went to a day game in June, so there was one game I didn't see the fireworks at. The show is pretty good, I would put it probably just a little behind the Parcells fireworks. I haven't been disappointed by them yet. All in all I had a good time, I saw my two favorite teams, in a close game, got my sticker, had a hot dog and a pretzel (Extra Mustard!), and saw the fireworks show. I hope to go see them again soon.