since my drive home, that song (counting crows, accidentally in love) has been in my head -- it was in shrek 2 monday night, and it's been on the radio a lot... doht!  anyhow, today was my "free" day since work starts tomorrow...   lots of errands... developed photos from six flags saturday, 4th of july fun on sunday, and of the drive back... unfortunately although the scanner on the family computer is respectable, the dial up connection coupled with ftp to the rutgers servers completely stinks so it's gonna take forever and a day to upload things... look forward to it. :-P  it's recently come to my attention that i have an extremely eclectic variety of friends.... look at my memphis friends, my valpo friends, my rutgers friends, my internet friends, my international friends -- they constitute a great variety of people... today further illustrates that -- i spent 2 hours visiting my friend shannon... shannon is a 40 something mother of 1 (her kid is going to be a high school senior this fall)... she used to go to my church and was the leader of the flute quartet i was in at the end of high school.  despite the fact that she's closer to my mom's age than mine, that she and her family left our church years ago for one closer to their house, and that i'm no longer in town, she's one of the most faithful people at emailing me regularly, and i went over to her house to just to chat for awhile, leaving because i had somewhere else to get to on time... she's not even like buddy buddy with my parents (they get along fine)... she's MY friend and she's their age =P... in summary, it was a good chat, and yay for friends :-)  i like the fact that i have really a wide variety of friends -- interest wise, age wise, background wise... etc. :-)  makes life all the more fun :-)  after hanging out at shannon's for awhile, mom, ryan, and i went to hear pastor mike's presentation.  pastor mike (my memphis pastor) goes regularly on short term mission trips... end of may/early june he was with a team of people going to tanzania from the mid south district of the lcms (lutheran church--missouri synod) to talk with people and help finish building a new church building in progress... he talked for an hour, sharing pictures from his time there and it was pretty cool, although some things he commented on as sooo strange to him aren't that peculiar to africa so much as non-america :-P, or even to non-memphis :-P  nonetheless, it was a cool presentation.  now, as is typical, 9:15 and the family isn't ready to eat dinner yet... and it's 10:15 jersey time... ai yai yai -- this is another reason i don't regret not living here all the time! :-P  later dudes :-P