Yes, yes, I am a truly terrible person who never Blogs and I should think about how I would feel if someone else didn't blog when I wanted them to. Or something. I would go and sit in my room and think about what I've done, but then I wouldn't be blogging. So! Much time has passed since the last Blog, the Day Count is now in minus numbers and I am officially ill.  1. Results Day. I was being all cool, telling myself that even if my results were worse than they were before (which they wouldn't be) it was fine because I can always use the ones from before. Of course, when the time came and I found that I had actually dropped a grade in one of my modules (C to a D), I got pissed off. On the other hand, my second retake module went from a D to a B so that's pretty good, but I'm still stuck with an overall grade C and a shitload of work to do before the exams.  2. JYF. What a relief. It was a bit anticlimatic in some ways; I didn't get into my diary that much and there were very few people there, but we still had a laugh and I got lots of hugs and kisses. I think I almost pulled Kris, but I'm not sure. We got very close one night; I dunno, maybe I'm over-analysing again. In fact, yes, I am over-analysing because that's what I do. Bad squishy.  3. Hundred Reasons. I finally managed to drag myself to the Academy on Monday night, thoroughly unenthused at the prospect of having to stand and watch stuff for 4 hours when I could be catching up on some sleep. As it was, the gig was great and Hundred Reasons put on a wicked show, so it was alright in the end.  4. Maroon 5. Amazing band, amazing songs. Shame about the company. Liz, Gaz and Jon went with me, 2 of whom I count as friends and the other I think is very cool, so I was well up for an excellent night out. Unfortunately, Liz and Jon had a blazing row (including tears, shouting and walking off) and Gaz had brought a date, which sort of turned me into a 5th wheel. Still, it's all about the music, right?  The aftermath of all this galavanting is that I now have a horrible coldy-flu type thing, which has been blocking up my nose, ears and throat for the last 4 days. Ugh. Well, at least the weather's starting to improve.  Ceff x   Things just get so crazy, living life gets hard to do