But in a good way.    All I can say is: What a weekend.  I realized the other day that within a week of arriving in Madrid, I found full time work, I got a part in a play, and I was meeting new people left and right.    Talk about jumping in the deep end.  I skipped 2nd, 3rd, and 4th gear and went straight to 5th.  120mph (19 meters).  And it all came to a flourishing climax within the last week.  My play started last weekend.  And it went wonderfully.  (Did you know that in Spain, they don't say 'Break a leg!'?  Instead, they say, "Mucha Mierda"  - A lot of shit. Hah. Those goobers.)  We gave 4 performances, all of which had a great turn out, even the matinee.  Afterwards, although I was extremely happy and grateful to have had the experience, I was also looking forward to all of the sleep I would finally be catching up on.  No more 7AM to 1AM days...     But, I wasn't off the hook that easy.  Most of my classes end on June 30th, so this week I was preparing practice exams, teaching an insane amount of hours in Intensive Courses, and whatnot.  So, by Friday afternoon, I was ready to finally let loose.    My roommate Kelly left for a 2 month visit back in the US on Saturday, and my other roommate, Juan, is moving out on the 30th, moving onwards to Barcelona.  And what does that mean?  One hell of a going away party for those silly bastards...  Unfortunately, by 9PM on Friday, the apartment was a mess, Juan was asleep in his room, Kelly had come down with Strep throat, and no party-supplies had been bought.  So, Kelly basically told me that the party was off.  :(  But there's always something to do in Madrid.  Always.  The director of my show, and my friend, Schuyler (Pronounced: Skippy), was acting in a few one acts in a small theater in Lavapies (Direct Translation: Wash Your Feet [I'm not lying either]) So I met up with a few friends, and we headed off to the theater.   Kelly and I have pretty much the same group of friends, very loquacious friends.  So it was no surprise to find myself approached by quite a few people after the show, asking about the party. And I was the lucky sap that got to tell them all that there would be no Fiesta-val in our apartment that night.  So we went out anyways.  We all headed out to a bar, stood around, drinking cañas, eating tapas, shooting the poo.  Once again, there's never a lack of things to do in Madrid, so it wasn't long before I heard news of other parties lurking in the hidden corners of the city.  Zoë, me, and some other friends decided to go to a Warehouse Birthday party in Sol.  (There are warehouses in the center of Madrid?)  But we decided not to leave for the party until around 1AM. (The party started at 11, but we all know that people don't start showing until 12.  And we wanted to be the fashionably late posse that paraded in at 1.)  So, we rushed to get to the "warehouse" by 1, because they only sent someone down every 1/2 and hour, to open the door for the newcomers.  It turned out that it was far from a warehouse, but more like a large office space that had been abandoned, and was taken over by a group of party crazed Spaniards armed with spraypaint.  It was good and all, but by 3AM, I was pretty pooped, so I headed back to Pappy's farm for some sleep.  And as I'm turning down my windy, cobble stoned, abandoned street, which I expect to be tranquil and serene at this hour, I can't help but notice the familiar sounds of House Techno Music blaring from some apartment.  And as I walk further down the hill, the music only gets louder and louder and louder.  So, as I turned the corner, and came into view of my apartment, it was no surprise to see it lit up light a Christmas tree, and people hanging out in droves on my balconies.  Joder.  So much for sleeping this off.  It turns out that where there is a will, there is a way.  They decided around 11 o'clock, right around when a friend of Juan's showed up with all of his DJ equipment, that they might as well have the damn party.  So they hit up the tavern across the street (No, they didn't jump, they walked) and bought a few bottles.  In fact, they made quite a few trips back there by the time I showed up.  It was a good scene. Loud but decent music, a good vibe, good people.  Might as well screw sleeping.  Not like I had a choice anyways, the DJ was using my room to set up his tables, boxes of records and whatnot.  But by 5AM, my body was running on fumes, and it looked like the guests were nowhere near quitting.  Probably thanks to the assistance of that friendly white powder that I refuse to partake in.  Thankfully, Kelly, let me crash in her bed for 2 hours, that is, until she finally ran out of steam and wanted to sleep in her own bed as well.    So, a little blurry eyed, I wandered back out to the salon, and sat there half asleep, and half astonished that these guys were still going strong.    I shook my head, went to the chicken, I mean kitchen, made some breakfast, read the paper (from January), and awaited for that long lost sound of silence.  (As were my neighbors, I’m sure)    My wish was granted around 9:30AM, when the boys and girls took off for some other recreational activities, like cooking breakfast for the homeless or something.  Kelly awoke soon after, and we sat up chatting, accompanied by our well rested friend, and soon-to-be new roommate, Lance.  Around noon, I held back the tears and said farewell to the coolest roommate I’ve ever had named Kelly.  Now, por fin, with the apartment to myself, and a bed calling my name, I made my way to my room, picked out a movie to fall asleep to, popped it in my laptop, turned to volume to a moderate level, as not to piss off the neighbors even more, jumped in my bed, crawled under my comforter, fluffed my pillow, and......and….and, right then….  Juan came home with the troops.  No big deal I though, who knows, maybe they might even start cleaning up.  Yeah, good luck there Paul.  Nope, within 10 minutes, they had the tables spinning again, and the music pumping at entirely inappropriate levels.  What are they, deaf or something!  (haha, I sound like such an old fart)  Soooo, I raised up the white flag, dragged myself out of bed, and joined the party.  If you can’t beat ‘em, might as well join ‘em and look at them funny until they get the hint.  No, actually, by this time, all hope for sleep was shot, so, I forced myself to wake up. I grabbed my book (Dune) and sat in Kelly’s room reading for most of the afternoon.    Until The Phone Call.     From my Landlord.   Felix.  You see, the contract (lease) for the year finishes on the 30th of June, and Kelly and I agreed that we’d take over the contract.  The only problem is Felix lives in Malaga, and only comes up to Madrid once a month.  And today was that day.  So I get on the horn with him, and set up a meeting with him around 5PM, at the apartment.  The apartment that as of right now is RaveFest 2004.    I explained the situation to Juan, and begged him to wrap up the party in the next few hours.  At least by 4:30, giving me enough time to clean up the living room.  So, I spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning the rooms that weren’t teeming with cracked-out clubbers, and gently reminding the memory-challenged Juan about the meeting.    At the beginning, he said it would be no problem. Around 3 o’clock, he suggested that maybe I should take him to coffee instead of inviting up to the apartment that he owns.. Around 4:30, he came up with the brilliant idea of possibly inviting this 40 something year old landlord to join the party for a beer or two.  Yes, the face that you’re probably making as of reading that last brilliant idea is pretty much what my expression was for the rest of the afternoon.     Lance came over around then, and we agreed that this is not our fault. I’d tried my best, and the landlord has no choice but to accept that, and be grateful that he’s getting rid of Einstein over there, who as of then was trying his best not to drool on himself.  Turns out that all the fretting I had done in the last few hours was for not.  Felix was a really cool guy, he understood the situation perfectly.  He handed us the contract, got our signatures, gave us our signed copy, and said farewell.  Freaking piece of cake man.  It also turns out that Felix had great timing as well.  As he was leaving the front of the apartment, an older gentleman approached him, The Community President.  A very surly Community President.  Seems he had a few things to say about Juan’s little soirée, and if we didn’t cease and desist, we’d not only be thrown out of the apartment, but the community.  Half of me wished that would happen just to say I’ve been kicked out of a community at one time in my life.  But, I weighed my options, and come to the conclusion that I’m happy living here, so I might as well do what I can to stop it.   Around 10PM, the remaining boys (Juan, Joseph the DJ, and David) turned off the music and followed me to a pre-party at my friend Mercedes’ house, in the hopes that they could meet some virtuous young ladies.  Of course, it’s hard to be suave when you have the mental capacity of a hamster.  So at 12, we bid the boys adieu and a group of us headed off to another party.  I was pleasantly surprised to finally be at a party where the people were actually talking about normal things, rather than trading advice on the most effective ways to roll dollar bills.  I spent most of the night hanging out with Joey, a 30 year old Osteopath/Mechanic from Iceland who learned English just so he had an excuse to use our swears.  This guy had a worse mouth than an Australian.  But he was a great guy, twisted, but a good guy.  He even did some work on my extremely screwed up back, and offered me a free session.    I got conned into joining the group in an excursion to some far off bar, and was thanking any deity listening when the bar closed 15 minutes later at 3.  Having damn good reason for being tired, I didn’t feel bad at all for saying adios to the troops, and gross-motor-ambulating home.    And as I turned down my windy, cobble stoned, abandoned street once again, I smiled as I walked the rest of the way home in complete silence.  Granted, when I walked in my apartment, I wasn’t surprised to see a few people there.  The DJ was asleep on the couch (thank god), David was asleep in Kelly’s room, and Juan and Nacho were hanging out in the kitchen with 2 American friends.    I smiled, introduced myself, joked around about sleep deprivation, and wished them all a good night.  They nodded in agreement, and handed me a glass of wine as a sign that they would allow such an incredulous activity.  My willpower shot, and unable to speak enough Spanish to argue, I gave in and pulled up a chair.    It was a good craic though… I spoke a decent amount of Spanish (Si, no, si, no, si, si), snuck in a few conversations in English with Sonia while they weren’t paying attention, and had a political debate with Nacho and Sonia (In Spanish) until 7AM.  Side note: Spanish people are impossible to have debates with.  They love to talk, and they only listen long enough to hear something they can either agree with or contradict.  (Usually about 5 words into your turn to talk)  Of course, if you’re Spanish, and you’re reading this now, of course I’m not talking about you.    Oh yeah.. and I’m going to start doing Yoga.  Joey, the osteopath, recommended it for my back, so I figure, “Why the hell not!”    So that’s my weekend.  I’ll be surprised if you actually read all of this blabbing.  It’s mostly for me to remember when I’m old and reminiscent and drooling on myself.   I’ll have to ask Juan for some tips on that last one before he takes off.