Let's get drunk, you can drive us to the harbour, Wish upon a star, but do you know what stars are? Balls of fire, burning up the black space, Falling from the landscape, Exploding in the face of God  Let's get crazy, talk about our big plans, Places that you're going, places that I haven't been, Build my walls up, concrete castle, Keep this kingdom free of hassle, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  But I hear sound echo in the emptiness all around  What you can't change is loneliness Look at what you've found, I'm falling down  Taste the saline rolling down your cheekbone, Tell me that you’re alone, tell me on the telephone, Feel your heart, it breaks within your chest now, Try to get some rest now, Sleep’s not coming easy for a while, child  Child, yeah But I hear sound echo in the emptiness all around  What you can't change is loneliness Look at what you've found, I'm falling down  Down, down, down, down  But I hear sound echo in the emptiness all around  What you can't change is loneliness Look at what you've found, I'm falling down Look at what you've found, I'm falling down   This song is so beautiful... I want to spread my arms and lean back and just float, carefree, in the air as I listen to it.  New Year was... interesting. The venue for the party was very "Rugby Club" as my mother put it, but we made the best of it and other than that the trips were fab and the weather was bright and sunny, if not cold Highlight of the few days was mine and Sel's foot bath at 3.30am on New Year's day, both of us quite drunk, both of us... talking in German. But for some reason I don't wanna talk about this. I don't want to have to explain all the little in-jokes that we made up, or what it was like being lifted over an iron fence in a ball gown and 4 inch stillettos to climb a muddy hill to watch fireworks, or how fun it was to walk around the bohemian region singing Elephan Love Medley; it was fun, and that is that.  Rich is on my mind. I don't feel anything for him (honest). Which is why I keep thinking about him. I think about how I felt about him a month ago, how he treated me and how he's going out with Kayla now, but I feel nothing. Not anger, not pain, not sadness. I don't understand it; I tell people how I feel used, and I do, but then they get angry and I have to pretend how I'm still seething because he treated me exactly the same as he did the last time I fell into his arms. It's my own fault though! I know what he's like! I knew that eventually, sooner or later, he'd bail on me, and I think somewhere deep inside me, I knew it'd be sooner. But his arms...the way they fitted around me... Now now, let's not go down that road, Jess, look where you ended up last time. Jealous of your short, tubby sister because a stocky, blonde, scarred (emotionally and physically), self-centred boy liked her instead of you. My new year's resolutions this year are:  1. No one, especially not Richard Garvey, will take advantage of me. I will be strong and confident and I will  not  be treated like a doormat or a sex toy. 2. Let my nails grow. 3. Lose more weight. 4. Keep reminding myself that I am strong, confident, independent, pretty, intelligent, funny and all those other things that I convinced myself I wasn't when I was fat. 5. Smile more: genuine smiles that make me and the person I'm smiling at feel good. 6. Write more letters and send more birthday cards. Show people that I care. 7. Go to as many 18th birthday parties as possible!  There. Now I have some healthy objectives, ones that will really improve my own personal well being- talk about detox! I've also blocked Luke from my MSN list, and I am considering deleting his numbers from my phone book. Sorry babe, the friends thing? Not gonna happen. We're just not compatible. Oh and also I'd like to get into Leeds University. Please?  Ceff x   You are my reason for breathing...