Today is my assigned day of the week for BrotherWatch.  Not the New Orleans man-whore younger brother, but the we-weren't-ready-for-an-empty-nest-just-yet kindergarten class of '04  way  younger brother.    Little background, first.  Dad's always been the breadwinner of the fam... and Mom just sort of bounces from job to job.  After son #1 (me) and son #2 (man-whore) got old enough to "home alone" it, she went back to school and got the degree, joined the workforce, etc.  Then the sons got old enough to "home alone" it elsewhere, so the 'rents ditched Mom's plastic clamshell of "for my health" pills (God, I fell for that explanation for  way  too many years), then dropped the bombshell of "you guys are gonna be brothers again," and nine months later everyone that knew us secretly shook their heads and thought " damn , that cute little baby  had  to be a mistake."  But, the little dude wasn't a mistake, except that maybe he came out a dude instead of dudette.  And he is now five and hell on wheels.  And when he graduates from high school, I will be 36.  And that makes me sad.    Mom quit her job when son #3 came along, back to full-time mother/housewife mode.  But then she got bored without work, so she got a part-time job.  But then she missed her baby, so she quit.  But then she missed her extra paycheck, so she got a job... and you get the picture.  Currently, she's employed again.  Full-time this time.  The turd is in school now, so working while he's being educated and tended to is justified in her mind.    Now, however, summer vacation is upon us.  Normally this would equate to a letter of resignation.  Not so.  Luckily, loser son #1 (me) moved back in last fall because he couldn't afford his apartment.  Luckier still, son #1 is a teacher and also has a summer vacation.  Part of my unspoken new living arrangement agreement entails occasional charity babysitting.  I get him at least one day each week... usually only from the waking hours until a little after noon, when Dad returns from shiftwork.  A few hours at most.  Today, BrotherWatch will last from the waking hours until at least 6pm.  And I must mention that my little brother, while being brilliant and having the most amazing vocabulary (in a good way) that I've ever witnessed in a kid his age, should be the poster child for Ritalin?  Of course, I've yet to convince my parents that a tranquilizer here and there would be in his (and our) best interest...   So... with that in mind...  something bad will most likely happen today.