Epiphany Part 2  MW and I had an IM date this morning. In our chat, we tried to identify the kernels of our paper and the potential contribution. We had another epiphany: there are two types of contributions – we have two different papers. I think MW and I are feeling this split might make handling the data and the findings easier since we really have two very different “bangs for our bucks.” MG will need to enter this discussion.  Paper 1: Diffusion Patterns in Seniors as a Cohort  Idea: Seniors who adopt technology are innovators among their cohort, but are often laggards with respect to the general population. The critical mass/tipping point for them to catch on is larger/longer. Once they do adopt they really do behave like innovators in many respects and are early in the adoption curve for their age cohort.  Contribution: Seniors exhibit a diffusion curve which is enveloped into the larger diffusion curve for the general population. Diffusion is likely to work like that – for various cohorts/populations the diffusion pattern follows a curve that is then aggregated to form what we think of as the general diffusion pattern.  Venue: I think this is managerially very relevant since Baby Boomers are entering the Senior zone (kicking and screaming and Botoxed) and managers will need to learn how to anticipate adoption patterns for people in this age cohort or for whom certain technologies are introduced post-workforce participation. Since I see it this way right now, I think it is JM-oriented.   Paper 2: Self-expression, Self-presentation and Creativity in Older Consumers  Idea: Seniors have different self-presentation., self-expression, and creativity motivations that appear to map onto the life stages identified by many scholars across sociology, psychology and gerontology.  Contribution: This cohort specifically in relation to these topics is understudied. As the market turns more “gray/Botoxed” understanding older consumers and they way they express and present creativity will be important for enhancing their opportunities to do so including market and new product implications.  Venue: Although, we have managerial relevance, I think it feels like JCR. It feels like a more academic understanding – once removed from practitioner application. I am open to other thoughts.