So.   Today.   Hm.   Well....   Was awoken at 9:00 sharp. Told I had a half hour to get up and get ready. Ready you may ask? Well, your answer will have to wait. I'm not there yet. So. 9:05 rolls around. I'm too cozy. 9:15. I'll only take a few minutes to get ready. 9:18. There's still plenty of time. 9:20. Fuck, I really should get up. So quick as a bunny on cocaine, I groggily (got to love the disagreeing adjectives!) made my way to get dressed. Down stairs I go, expecting to be hauled out to my dads "workshop" [corner of a storage space facility] to lift heavy things, I realize he's left. (by the way, that was what I had to get ready for.. if your aforementioned question was still anxiously awaiting an answer) Needless to say, I wasted very little time going back to my air-conditioned room to read, happily.   10:30 rolls around. NOW it's time to go haul around heavy things. Ugh.   Blahblahblah   We go down toll farm rd (Is that the right road?) make it to the storage space and I am put to work. And by put to work, I obviously entail standing around while my dad mumbles to himself trying to figure out what needs to get done first, or rather, what I'm capable of helping with). After much standing around, in a moderately cool warehouse might I add, I'm handed an electric drill. Hah! Drilling!    Through much painstaking aggravation I succeeded in taking apart a shoddy workbench/table/ thing  my dad had installed. Aggravation? Yes. Who installs screw SIDEWAYS into the least accessible corner of workbench?! ...   Anyways. After drilling for a period of time... the bit fell out. For no reason. So I had to struggle, with what little drill knowledge I have, in reinserting and maneuvering the drill bit into workable condition. I am not meant to handle wood and tools.    LATER    After a trip or two back and forth from the house and warehouse (Ooo! I forgot to mention! I got to dust off lights! ... Carbon dust is disgusting to deal with on a humid day.) my dad decided to rig up his big-expensive-what-the-hell-does-it-actually-do-?! machine with many red straps. Once done, he decides to borrow the fork lift at the warehouse. With a lot of vrooot-beep-beeep-beep-beep-rrrrraaaaa-vrrroot-vroot-vrooot he maneuvered over to the machine... followed by more fork-lift noises and we had it to the infamous  loading dock!  That's when things got worrisome. Putting the straps to the test. [Ahem. Because the dock is so high, and my dads truck rather far below it, it was only logical that he lift the several thousand pound machine up by the little red straps and place it in the truck.] Aside from the straps stretching about 2 and a half feet when trying to lift the machine of doom, nothing exciting happened. *sigh*   After that there was just much more lifting, grunting, pulling, shoving, strapping and unstrapping to be had once we got the thing back home... with no forklift to help anymore.   Then I spent my day looking at stuff in JoAnn Fabrics. [I've begun constructing a mahvelous orange corduroy bag. i've got a new thing for  orange.  It's weird.] So there's that. My mom and I proceeded over to WalMart thereafter and found a guy in the most (intriguingly) revolting shirt ever. Perhaps some of you have seen Chris Giorgio's highlighter yellow shirt? This was highlighter orange... It must have had battery packs to shine as brightly as it did. GOD. It was a sight to see, I suppose. And what made it worse (two things, really) was the fact that the man wearing it was in his 60's, and the shirt had those tacky fake-wood buttons on it. Not good combinations, let me tell you.       People need to be less uptight about porn and sex.   My labelmaker is the man. Anyone want labels?    Playing spit over a low coffee table results in poor back conditions.   Sprite Remix: BerryClear is the essence of skittles.   I want to go to Boston. I want to visit Kristina.   I want to go to AZ (sooner). I want to visit Chad (longer).   My travel toothbrush..was dusty.. even though it was in a plastic case.   Next week will be boring.   I am going to buy presents. For a certain someone. (Wink) So secretive!   I'm liking purple less and less by the day.   I need  real  chocolate. Not pansy commercial franchise chocolate.   I am  so  demanding.