Okay, so I already have a livejournal, but I wanted to comment on my little brother's blogger journal, and I had to register to do that.  And I kinda like the templates here.  So I might double post for a while and see which service I prefer.  For now, here's an entry that I originally wrote over at livejournal.  It seemed like a good one to start with since I probably will be talking about my job a lot.  Originally written and posted on January 1, 2004"  I have a feeling I'll be writing about my job a lot so I thought it might help if I explained what exactly my job *is*. This isn't as easy as it seems, so bear with me for a while.  I work at a school for emotionally disturbed kids. "Emotionally disturbed" covers a lot of ground but includes pretty much any kind of impairment that disrupts a child's or adolescent's academic and/or developmental progress, and family and/or interpersonal relationships.  In layman's terms, these kids are messed up something awful. Our program is classified as Day Treatment which is the most intensive program available that allows a child to remain in his home. If he comes to us and doesn't make any progress, he goes into residential care which means he no longer lives with his family.  Most kids come to us after their public school system has decided that it has no friggin' idea what to do with them due to extremely low academics or behavioral problems. For most of our kids, it's some of each. A lot of the kids finally get the boot after physically going after a staff or peer (sometimes succesfully, sometimes not). My first week at work, one of the kids very calmly told me that he was at our school because he got mad at his counselour and then went after her with a pair of scissors. Oh, did I mention that this kid was all of NINE at the time?  So the place where I work IS a school. People get confused about that when I try to explain what I do. There are some differencs between us and a regular school though.  Because of the extreme behaviors, all the classes are set at an 8 student maximum. Each classroom has atleast two staff at all times, a teacher and a classroom aide. Classroom aide is my position, but I'll get into that more in a second. Because of the low number of students, each classroom is usually a couple grades combined - 1st and 2nd grade together, 3rd and 4th grade together, etc. This is also helpful because a lot of the kids are at different levels in different subjects. For example, a kid may be on grade level in math but work below grade level in reading. Our program goes from 1st and 2nd grade all the way up to 11th and 12th grade.   Mixed in with those six classes are three IEP classes. IEP stands for Individualized Educational Plan. These kids are the kids who are waaay behind academically. Officially, IEP means that they are sort of on their own track as far as learning goes. They're not expected to move from grade level to grade level in the span of an academice year and may not earn a high school diploma before they have to leave the program at 21. Unofficially, these are kids that will most likely NEVER be on grade level, never go to college, never be able to hold down more than a basic job, and in some cases, never live on their own. As the IEP kids get older, there's less focus on academics and more focus on life skills - reading and writing, balancing a checkbook, handling money, job interview skills, interpersonal skills, that kind of stuff. Many of the IEP kids have borderline IQs. I work in the youngest IEP class.  In addition to the numerous behavior and learning disorders, most of the kids come from less than stellar homes. A lot of the families are poor. Almost all of the kids are in single parent homes. Most have seen numerous remarriages and divorces, and a steady rotation of adult males, none of whom stick around for very long. The kids I've worked with in a year and half have witnessed or been the victim of drug abuse, alcohol abuse, sexual abuse, physical abuse, and verbal abuse. Many have siblings or parents in jail, a few are involved in gang activity. A frightening number of them suffer from general neglect. I once heard kids like this described as ghosts in their own homes and that fits some of my kids perfectly - not only does no one care about them, no one even SEES them unless they're in the way. They don't exist at home.  As you might imagine, this can cause problems for us. Most of the kids come in hating school. They don't like adults, they've never had any reason to trust anyone or expect that anyone might be interested in them or want to help them. So they often end up mimicing the behaviors they hate so much - they scream, they swear, they hurl insults, ones that they know are going to hit you hard. They throw things, they break things, they sometimes even lash out at you physically and push or shove or kick or scratch. They can be really, really nasty kids.  But eventually most of them realize that you ARE interested in them and you DO want to help them, and they come around. The swearing and the insulting and the fits still happen, of course - those behaviors are rooted pretty deeply. They haven't had much else demonstrated to them. They do start to open up a little bit, though. They start to put forth some effort. They can love you just as fiercely as they sometimes hate you. They just have to learn how. They can be really, really wonderful kids.   The teacher is in charge of teaching. Duh. What exactly the classroom aide does varies a little bit from room to room, depending on the kids and how the teacher wants to use the aide. In the case of my class (elementary IEP, ages 9-13), the kids are on so many different levels, in so many different subjects that I do end up doing some lessons which is fine with me. I kind of like doing it. Otherwise, I'm just there for support however it's needed. If a kid needs help with an assignment, I help him. If a kid is upset about something, I talk to him. If a kid is done with an assignment and looking bored, I keep him occupied. If the teacher needs something done and she's busy, I do it. I'm also the staff that takes them to specials which is just what our program calls all the electives - gym, art, library, that kind of stuff. While I'm busy doing that, the teacher gets planning time. This is often the most difficult part of the day for a couple reasons. Number one, specials are usually a little more unstructured. Number two, we take a bus to another building down the street for most of our specials and transition is not easy for any of the kids in our program. All that moving around and overstimulation gets them wound up. This can be the most fun part of the day, too, but often the biggest problems crop up here. Because the classroom aides are with the kids all day, and because we get to do the fun activities with them, we have a different kind of relationship with the kids than the teachers do. We see and hear things that the teachers don't get to witness. Of course, that means we also get to handle a lot of the discipline too since the kids are never out of our sight. At a training session last year, the program director said that it's classroom aides that set the atmosphere and mood of the class, even more so than the teacher. At the time I thought she was just saying that because she was talking to a roomful of aides, but the longer I'm at this job, the more I think she's right. If you listen to the kids in the halls as they're having their freak-outs, you almost never hear them rant about their teacher. They're usually angry with their aide. And on the flip side, you almost never see a kid goof off around or joke with their teacher. Again, it's usually the aide.  Occasionally there is another staff in the classroom. There are a few 1:1 (one-to-one) aides. 1:1 aides get the pleasure of working exclusively with the most demanding kids in the program, the ones that are the most time-consuming and problematic. And for this they get extra low pay and no benefits! A lot of turn-over in this position. I started out as a 1:1 so I feel their pain. It's not an easy job. Not that ANY of it's easy.  The last primary difference between us and a regular school is the Help Center. The Help Center is three rooms at the end of the hall. One of the rooms has little cubicle desks in them, and two of the rooms are empty. While we do everything we can to keep the kids in class, sometimes they have to leave - if they get violent, disruptive, totally uncooperative, something along those lines. In that case, they go to the Help Center to calm down. There's staff that is specially trained to work there so sending a kid to the Help Center doesn't require sending the teacher or aide there with them. (And God bless the HC staff because they get the kids when they're at their worst). Usually the kids take a few minutes, get themselves together, and come back to class. If they do something worthy of suspension, they spend the whole day there. If a kid feels like they're about to lose it, they can ask for a voluntary break in the HC , basically some time away from the situtaion, but most of the kids don't have enough foresight for that. Identifying their emotions and things that trigger them is something we're constantly working on with all of them.  So that's what I do for a living. I feel like this might be a pretty muddled description, but if it is, it's because I'm still learning a lot about these kinds of programs and these kinds of kids.