Just as I have blogged about being left behind in modernizing education through the use of technology because of power outtages, guess what I read in the papers today.    THE Philippines needs 400 billion pesos (7.18 billion dollars) over the next 10 years if it is to avoid recurring power shortages, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo warned Friday.   So, we are definitely not out of the woods yet when it comes to power shortage.  We may not have had too many brownouts in years since 1993 when we would have 6-8 hours of brownouts but this only seems to be a lull before the storm.    However, is it really that bad? Or better yet, should it really be that bad?  With a Php100 billion deficit, the country's economy looks even dimmer.  What makes me cry is that we are faced with this problem not for lack of resources but because of   inefficiency and corruption .  Hence, this is man made. Sad but we have to admit it, we are being governed by the most inept, power-starved, greediest bunch of people.  If only the late Rev. Jim Jones was still alive, I would have suggested for all of us to just join him and drink that poison to save us from further shame and too much trouble.    In response to the situation, GMA has urged Congress to speed up a bill privatizing the Napocor. Passing the buck, eh?  It is too bad already that the private sector had to shoulder education, a very important requisite to national development.  Now, we also have to privatize basic commodities like water and electricity.  What this means is that these commodities can skyrocket to high proportions because we know that government will still be inutile in controlling it, just like it is doing with the oil price increase. Besides, with that kind of debt, what Philippine company would have the ability to purchase and run the operations of Napocor smoothly? I'm seeing the possibility of another multi-national corporation taking the helm.  What this means is that just like Citra, Malaysian firm, running the South Luzon Expressway increasing the cost of using the highway from a measly Php2.25 to its present rate of a whopping Php 42.50 from C5 to Alabang in only three years.  And traffic is still there! Prices of power skyrocketing high? No, double that.    Now, can someone please tell me I'm really way off here and make my day happier?