I am staying in a newly decorated, slightly refurbished, five bedroom house with about 8 other people, I have my own room because I'm special and have a penis unlike all the other flatmates - who don't, though some of them should. The house is located in a posh part of town, it - like most of the other houses in England is quite thin and long (get your mind out of the gutter) and has room for one rooms width and a hallway and that's it. But it does stretch all the way back close to the end of the section, which is not grass like the last house I was staying in but is actually made up of paved square concrete stones that I think are older than the Queen E (number 1). Like I was saying before, I have my own room which is swell but I only have a single bed and I like to stretch out when I sleep.  I like the people I stay with, and it is a good thing that we all do random hours at the same pub, as we get the feeling of family and closeness but without the problems that you face when you pack seven girls and one guy in a small space then add P.M.T. So once again I find myself quite happy with my living arrangements i.e. Power, Water, Gas and a few other things including a bed and a roof over my head (with washing powder and a machine to use it in) all for the low low price of two tenners a week. Yes that's right dear readers, only £20 a week and all I have to do is work my ass off!  Well according to some of the other employees, the arse part is optional. Not that I know this through conversation, as actions speak louder than words. But I prefer a good bit of ass than not and working my own off is a bit like masturbation - that is, it seems a bit silly and pointless when you're engaging in the act - and if you actually imagine what you look like doing it, rather humorous too. But Just like masturbation, it the feeling at the end that counts, and I always get the sense of a job well done, and often have people thanking me for my effort!  Anyway, The area we live in is only a nice ten minute walk from work, and you get to pass some of the local landmarks, like Harry the flute playing bum and his two friendly dogs that do more than Harry does, mainly lying around all day and taking in the lovely English weather. But the Bum area is all over reading central, and not on the nice side of the tracks where we live, so we are quite lucky to be living in (and I really mean this) a slightly upmarket area of town.  The pub that I work in, Namely the "Walkabout Inn" is of good nature, and has a excellent social status in the student and older crowd markets in town, the students come for the cheap liquor, and the older people come for students, who usually come for the older crowd along with the other students (but perhaps a little latter on). So I work in a fairly typical pub but one with a wicked atmosphere and great group of employees, who most of the time mesh quite well, and all carry the load. The actually pub itself is quite old, and is probably one of the oldest Walkabout Inns in England, the building and the pub would be described as sporty type bar with older style "Australian Outback" and Australian "aboriginal" design and decoration. Complete with corrugated iron shanty roofs over the main bar area - to old windmill pumps and ye olde worldy decorations from times in Australia's history where most people were just leftovers from an intolerant English society, and Ned Kelly was a household name... mate.  The only thing that doesn't really fit with the theme is the plasma TV systems that jut out of the wall above the bar and show the latest crazy shots available for purchase, along with latest promos and other interesting activities relating the walkabout brand. Along with the fifteen or so odd TVs that surround the bar area displaying the latest on all the sky sports channels for the customers entertainment should they get sick of looking at the slap.... er students.  Okay, so I have made an effort, and will write more detailed information about other areas in my life latter on. For now, enjoy and I hope to hear from you soon!