Hm. What to say? Honestly, I have no idea and I'm kinda bored. The past week has been really weird. Mrs. Green is finally gone. I think I'll miss her writing assignments, rather than the person herself. Hahaha. How sad. I'm not sure what's the point. I mean, her essays actually challenge me as a writer, so yeah. I mean, it takes me hours to write the essays, but in the end, they're the best. Right? Sorry, I can't write can't write crap without being extremely dissatisfied. Although, I have issues with Diana acting like she's better than me at writing. Pfft. PFFT.  Let's not even go there. I've been really annoyed with Diana and Guria lately. Beyond annoyed. They act so childish. Plus, I really wished I could switch seats around in all my classes, so that I can sit with all my other friends. Blah. Like in history, for the past week, I've been with Jolanda, and Adrian. In English, I loved it when we sat alphabetically order. Things were so much better that way. But noooo. Just because  FIVE  people wanted to move didn't mean the entire class had to suffer. Then evil witch pregnant lady said that we had to come early to get the seats we wanted. Freaking class. Everyone came early that day, and now I sit in the back, suffering. Everytime I turn around, Guria's turned around talking to Diana. Um, okay?  SHE FREAKING TALKS TO HER DURING A TEST.  Beejesus. I wanted to smack them. Also, on Thursday, they were being so flipping rude towards everyone.    "Oh-I was listening. Really."  How the hell can you listen if you were busy jabbering about video game crap? Thank god I left to go sit with Courtney and Adrian. Actually, I was really glad I was in their group instead with Diana and Guria. If I was in their group, I know that I'd probably have to do actual work. Yeah,  right . Whatever, I tend to ignore them now. Efrain is right - need more friends. More  sane  friends, thank you very much. I can't deal with the constant competition.   Okay, another thing, we took a pre-calc test on Tuesday. I told Diana that the test was pretty hard, because Sten took it in first, and said it was hard, ya know? Just to give her a heads up.    "They're just probably stupid. Mr. Eckstrom told us what was going to be on the test. It's easy. I know it."   Did you take the bloody test yet?  NO.  She takes the test, proclaims it easy. We get the test back the next day, and when Eckstrom gives me back my test, she tries to take it from him. Err, it's my test. He just gave her a weird look, as usual. She failed the test [along with 90% of the class], while I aced the damn thing. She proceeds to ask to look at my test to compare answers, because she knew I got a higher grade than her. When I asked to look at her test, she's continues to act bitchy towards, finally screaming out,    "NO. OKAY? IT'S REALLY BAD. I GOT A  D ."   Sorry, but I got an  F  on a math test before, and I did not act bitchy towards you. Whatever. I got so many F's the first semester, and all I did was act depressed all period. Even when Cindy fails, she just fakes a smile. I gag at the thought of Diana and her bitchiness.   I'm just gonna hang with Jo, Sten, and them next week. I can't deal with the drama of this. School ends in three weeks. HEY, I just realized I felt this way towards Diana last year too.  Some things never change...