It was a lovely but challenging 7 mile course today from Del Mar to the top of Torrey Pines Reserve, with a loop through the Guy Flemming Trail.  Walkers started at 7am and runners just a bit past 7:30am.   We did have a mishap with one of our sisters early in the run though:  Jessica slipped and took a fall at the bottom of the hill, sustaining a nasty gash under her chin.  Luckily I was nearby and was able to get her aid.  She ended up with 7 stitches but is fine and has been given the go ahead to run on Tuesday or Wednesday!  I want to thank all the ladies who stopped to support her and get my attention.  They ran the rest of the run for her.  Today's mishap had a few lessons and positives: First, us mentors will be sure to have a firstaid kid with us on our bikes in future.  Second, the way in which everyone rallied around Jessica and was so concerned for her well being, is a testament to the "family" we have created with our group.  Jessica we will look for that battle scar next week! Don't worry not even it will stop you.  I have to say how incredibly proud I was of my Tara who ran practically the whole way today.  Can I say that I think she is one awesome young woman, even if she is my own daughter!  Thank you Jen for being there today - we missed you!  Plus - you looked terrific out there with Tara.   Today we were joined by Karen Dillen, who has just returned from a month long vacation back east, but who has been training dilligently.  Welcome Karen!  Hopefully you will meet more of our awesome group next week when people are back from their travels!  Kathy, I have to acknowledge you for taking yourself on in the program the way you have.  Kathy has lost 12 pounds over the past 4 weeks by following the program!  Yikes that is just incredible!  Several people have had success in this area having either lost pounds of had a reduction in body fat -so keep up the great work!   I am sure I speak for Wendy, Debra and Bonnie in saying I am really very proud of EVERYONE for their commitment and determination.  The feeling of satisfaction from having the opportunity to contribute to all your lives is unspeakably great!