[Home/07.26.04]       Countdown: 314 days       Haven't done one of these entries in a while, but I didn't want to forget to do it tomorrow.       I just got off the phone with  Anna-chan  (as in  Annabelle , not  Kazumi , coz I wouldn't be calling  Kazumi  "Anna" XP). For those who don't know who she is--which is mostly everyone, because a lot has changed in the past three years, including my friends--she was my first (true) best friend. I met her in seventh grade and we got really close. I haven't seen her much since eighth grade promotion and I'm sorry to say we fell out of communication. But, as I was saying, I just got off the phone with her and I realized that I really miss her. I hope we can renew our friendship because she's a really awesome person to have as a friend. She has always spoken her mind and always been there when I called for her. ^^       Now...moving on--I've been thinking a little about  Sharie . Yes,  Sharie . Don't ask me why, because even I don't really know. Hehe. Anyway, I can't figure out why she hates me still. I really can't. Our only disagreement was  Chris  (hm...odd how I only rarely refer to him as  Kyou  now) and she's back with him, so...why hate  me ? Because I dared to speak against her about it in the first place? Because I dared to disagree? That just reinforces my idea that she can't admit to her own mistakes. It's okay to have pride (hell, we all know I have my own--just look at the situation with Chen when I found out he was my appointed "guardian"), but I think she carries it a little too far. She's just way too stubborn...       So, yes. That was my thought on that. Rather pointless, but I just wanted to get it out. I really have no interest in her life or being her friend anymore (we're way too differnet for any sort of a peaceful relationship to work), but I can't help but wonder. Anyone think that's weird?       Da... I think I'm getting sick. x.x I'm sleeping a lot more (gone back to the afternoon naps) and I've kinda lost my appetite. Of course, there's been a lot on my mind, so maybe it's just more psychosomatics. Hehe.       I've been thinking a little about  Brian . I feel so guilty. I know that what I did was probably the best thing for both of us--what with me still being so unsure about Chris--but...well, I just feel so guilty. He's been nothing but nice to me and it feels like I just totally shot him down. He even said he loves me. I'm not sure I can quite believe it, but I do believe  him  (as in, I believe he believes he loves me). I just don't see how he can fall in love with me after only a couple of weeks. Da... It took longer for me to fall for  Chris . Of course, look how that turned out. Hehe.       I'm thinking of going back to counseling next year...because I get the feeling things will be even more hectic than this last year. Of course, counseling can also make things worse and...yeah. x.x Two sides to everything. It all depends on the counselor I get.       Right. My immediate worry right now is the CES presentation tomorrow. I'm gonna go practice my song (coz I can't practice falling XP).       Bai!