I have two weddings to go to today.  This is quite a lovely situation for me since I will be able to spend time with people who I have not seen in quite a while.  I am actually kind of at one of the weddings at this moment.  I suppose it seems strange that I chose to write during such an event, but it is pretty much over and most of the people are gone and the reception was held in my school's gym.  Since this computer and my cell phone are my primary ways to access the internet I figured that I had enough time in-between now and when I should be at the next wedding to gather some thoughts and get them out.  The first wedding I went to was encouraging.  My friend who got married is about 4 years older than I am and it is just refreshing to see that people can get married when they get older.  I know that they can and that often they do, but it is hard to remember that when you are 25 and all of your friends are running around with their husbands.  I know that because of my background more people get married at an earlier time (more around 22 and 23) and because of that I have often felt like the weirdo.  I blend in better with the rest of the world because of that, but morally I have a difficult time with much of the world.  Not to be self-righteous or say that I don't spend time with people who don't go to church, but sometimes I can start to feel uncomfortable in different situations.  I have been sheltered for such a long time that now when I go out and get hit on I don't think that the guy wants to get me to sleep with him, I just think I'm having a fun time and that it is all harmless.  Whatever.  Strange topic to write about really.  Today during the dinner for the wedding I got to be in charge of the wine.  I got to walk around and make sure all of the tables had enough wine and were able to drink with ease.  I enjoyed the job and was told that I should be a wine steward.  I just might have to do that sometime.  I wonder if it pays better than teaching.  I would think it does - most things do.  Not that I'm in teaching for the money.  Alrighty, enough random writing.  I should go and see if anyone is still around and then head to the next event.  I'm ready to dance the night away with my crazy friends.