Well I guess I'll give the skinny on our trip back Sunday just to polish things off.  We woke up pretty much still drunk, me not so much.  We made it to the bus and that was about all.  The bus driver was still smiling but Ju-ohn was missing.  This is a little sad b/c we wanted to take a picture with him an see if showed up on film or not.  The tour guide was still talking too.  The Shanghai airport is just a little bit awesome.  But I still like Inchon better.  We had our parting group picture and swapped e-mails and phone numbers.  As I walked through security our tour guide finally feel silent.  This women talks like nobody else.  When we got back I thought there was going to be a bus from the airport to Daegu but looks like I was misinformed.  So this meant taking the train back.  Turns out this was a darn good idea.  It took only and hour and cost only 5,000won.  It was here we met t he last credited cast member of our trip, a nineteen year old Korean girl named A-Ram.  This chick blew my mind.  Of course she spoke great English, but so does everyone these days, but she had dropped out of highschool at 17 and moved to Seoul at 18 and it living in Seoul alone working and studying design.  It got even crazier when we started talking travel b/c this girl had been everywhere.  I consider myself well traveled by most standards but I didn't have much on this girl.  Anyway she was just really really cool and we ended up getting her number to call her next time we're in Seoul.  And just like that, we were back in Daegu.   Think there is more I want to blog about that doesn't concern my China trip but I'm pretty much blogged out.  A special thanks goes out to my travel buddy Fenton.  You made for some really fun company on the trip.  I think the Koreans thought we were nuts b/c we were always happy and laughing.  There were several key phrases that kept us laughing through the whole trip. 1) giver - this was said more times then I can even begin to count 2) honorable suicide  3) ripper 4) rocker 5) Mr. t and E.T. Ok really I think I'm done for now.  I miss everyone and I hope to see all you guys this weekend.