The Best Band No One Ever Heard Of   By Impeccable Jones   I'm not as cool as I used to be.  I hang out with more writing dorks these days than music dorks, and the Iowa City Public Library is the closest thing we have to a hip record store around here  (no- I don't count  The Record Collector , because it sucks).  I don't play in a band anymore, and whether it is maturity or lifestyle, I no longer have the resources or the drive to claim hipness.  The library has deepened my appreciation for the likes of  Cheap Trick, Little Feat, Donovan  and  The Isley Brothers , but its not the place to find out when the next  Dillinger Four  album is coming out.  (They might not even be hip enough anymore to demonstrate the point, but if that's the case then I think I'm proving a larger point with my lameness.)  That said, I am proud of one my recent musical discoveries, The Nerves.   urlLink Not these guys , although they sound pretty cool, but  urlLink the Los Angeles   urlLink power trio  that only put out one  urlLink EP , in 1976.  Their most obvious claim to fame is that Blondie covered their tune "Hanging on the Telephone," and as hard as it is to argue with Blondie, the original is even better; an angular missing link between proto-punk and new wave, complete with the most desperate, earnest vocals ever not to suck.    The EP is out of print and notoriously scarce, but two of their four recorded songs can be heard on the Rhino compilation  urlLink D.I.Y.: Come Out and Play: American Power Pop I (1975-78)  which is also out of print, but more reasonably available if anyone is curious.  The two Nerves songs featured, "Hanging on the Telephone" and "When You Find Out" are, easily, the best on the whole compilation.  (Generally, the rhino D.I.Ys are fantastic, my personal favorite being  urlLink Teenage Kicks , a chronicle of pre-Costellonian pub rock.)  Thinking about the Nerves makes me wonder:  what other bands fall into the category of "could have been a contender"?  For the purposes of the discussion, let's try to limit it to bands that put out a great first album but were then never heard from again.  Those that were great and then went on to suck (or stick shotguns in their mouths) seem to be of an essentially different nature.  I'm talking about the bands who broke up so the bassist could go to seminary, or because the singer had twins, or, well, you know what I mean.