i am so sick.  i woke up this morning at 5am and i haven't been able to get back to sleep since.  i don't have much of a voice, which should prove interesting for class today.  good thing all my classes are just taking their finals.  i have come to the conclusion that i will miss these classes and i wish i would have had them for a few more days so that i could have made them brownies or something.  i wanted to do something for my wonderful ta's too but i haven't had the time.  i'll miss them.  next weekend will be hectic...moving into the new place and everything.  i'm so excited for that.  i'm excited to start a new life.  i'm looking forward to not being depressed anymore and to be around people that actually like my company and want to talk to me.  it's really sad that things fell apart so badly here.  i think an important thing that i've realized recently is that there isn't anything wrong with me.  if the guys i live with can't see the beauty that i hold, that is their problem, and as i see it, their loss.  so i've been a little emotional at times but who isn't.  and maybe i've been overly emotional, but they put me through a lot and were part of the reason i became so depressed.  maybe i was bitchy at times, but it's not like they were never mean to me, which is what usually sparked my "bitchiness."  maybe i wanted to hang out with them too much and they got annoyed, but if they can't see it's because i saw them as my closest friends, then that's heartbreaking.  i'm actually starting to cry a little...which hasn't happened for a good month.  i know i'm going to miss their friendships.  i can't pretend that i'm not.  however, i also know that i'm going to have a much better life not living here and it's what we all need.  i pray to God that eventually they will realize that i meant something to them and want me in their lives.  until then, i guess i'll have to let it go.  in my mind, i think it will be a sad goodbye...but part of me insists there won't be a goodbye and as i walk out the door for the last time they won't even budge from their seats in front of the tv.  i guess we'll see...the time is approaching rapidly...  so to continue with my exploration of self-worth.  i have thought a lot about my life lately, and it's really not all that bad.  it's bad at times because i focus on the bad.  truth is, i have a great job (even if it is a bit stressful at times) and i do have a lot of friends that do care about me.  i am beautiful, both on the outside and the inside.  i'm a truly compassionate person and care so much about everyone else.  i'm going somewhere.  i feel like my life has meaning and i'm starting to feel complete.  it's actually a really good feeling to have right now.  i am SO full of hope...