so i went to campus to work on homework with people.  i've realized one thing in the last week.  i like colleen lots and enjoy doing non-math things with her, but actually working on math with her gives me a headache.  we were fine and having fun earlier, but tonight i was working on algebra and she was still writing up some lie groups stuff and kept calling me over to help her with it.  only she wouldn't take explanations, she wanted to ask lots more questions than the assignment called for answering (there's absolutely nothing wrong with that)... mostly we just have very different approaches in general... i want to move along and finish all the task-based stuff i need to do (finish exactly what i need to write down to turn in for homework, nothing more nothing less) first, and that done, return to figuring out general theory... i'm not sure how to describe her approach, but it's not that and i feel like we step on each others toes a lot in the process... and both get annoyed with each other... oops.  anyhow, to make a long story short, after working for a little, i got frustrated with the cacophony of a dozen people working on homework for 3 different classes in the same room (in the graduate lounge), packed up, and came home to figure out stuff on my own.  i'm trying to figure out who amanda just brought home... she and some guy are in her room, but his voice sounds too high to be ron (her boyfriend)... i'm guessing it's the same guy she had over and in her room the other time someone was here besides ron... mostly it's funny because they came home and she started singing a church song, and then he started singing another one, made puns on the words, and she blurted out "hey, let's talk about our favorite hymns!"... this is just completely amusing to me because (1) i'm factoring a stupid 8 by 8 matrix, and there's alternating drunk roommate and random guy singing church songs 2 doors away (my life is so weird), and (2) amanda hasn't gone to church once that i'm aware of the whole time we've been living together (except when home with her family), so while i know her family's catholic, it's highly unusual for her to be running around singing hymns, much less having duets of them with random people late at night.  you know what?  enough rambling.  you know my life is weird... i'm back to diagonalizing this stupid matrix.  later dudes.