Yesterday Cop's mom called me to see how everything is going.  We went to lunch the other day and I told her everything that happened, so yesterday when she called I told her about his bounced check.  She was pissed!  She said she hates to say this about her son but that he's clearly been taking advantage of me for like 5 months now and I need to say fuck him and take care of myself.  So, what I think I'm going to do is see if I can get my lease transfered to a one bedroom in the same complex.  He can't afford to live on his own, so either his wife is going to have to move in with him and get a job, or he's going back to his mom's house.  Either way, I don't give a fuck.  He could live in a dumpster for all I care.  Yesterday when I was on the phone with his mom he called me from a blocked number and left me a voicemail saying he doesn't know why I didn't come home for lunch yesterday but that he's not mad at me so I don't need to try to avoid him.  Ummm... hold on, he's not mad at me?  Thank god, I was so worried he'd be mad at me because HE BOUNCED HIS OWN FUCKING RENT CHECK!  Well thank god he's not mad at me because HE fucked up MY rental history.  What a prick!  What the fuck could he possibly be mad at me about?  Did I bounce my rent check, and blow it off like it's nothing?  Am I the one that was talking shit, and insulting him behind his back?  Am I the one that constantly lies to him?  Did I try to move my family in to our apartment without him knowing and say he'll just have to get over it???  I've never wanted to punch him in his face so hard in my life!  So last night I get home and play with the babies for a while.  (the little one laughed for the first time yesterday when I was playing with him, it was the cutest thing ever!)  His wife gives me the 3rd degree about why I didn't come home for lunch.  She's really starting to irritate me with this always having to know where I am bullshit.  You're not my mom, Fuck off!  So I just spend most of the evening watching this documentary about the war in Iraq, and they ask me to sit and eat dinner with them.  Um, kiss my ass.  Then they ask if I want to watch a movie.  Um, go to hell.  Then Cop offers me a popsicle.  Um, shove it up your ass.  Of course I didn't say these things, I just shook my head no every time.  Sorry, it may seem like I'm being bitchy, but it's because I can't fuckin stand when there's a huge problem and people won't deal with it.  He hasn't apologized one single time for any of the things he's done, all he does is lie.  So until he can be a fuckin man, and own up to the shit he's done, he can kiss my ass.  I don't have a fuckin word to say to him.  Ok enough of that.  I got a e-mail back from Fireman today.  He just asked how I've been, what I've been up to, basic stuff.  I'm really curious to see where this will go.  I was dating him for a little while when I was broken up with mama's boy, then we got back together and I stopped calling Fireman.  What a mistake!  He is so freakin hot!    I'm debating going to stay this weekend with my old roommate in the bay area so we can meet up with 6pack.  Then again, I'm tired as hell and should probably just stay home and catch up on sleep.  Hmmmm...  I still haven't asked FBI to the wedding.  I should probably do it soon.  Grow some balls Elizabeth, Jesus!  Maybe I'll just go with my old roommate and we can go to a club or something that night.  Dammit, I don't know what to do.  Oh yeah!  I got a letter a couple days ago from Army.  He's doing well.  He said it's really tough out there and thanked me for the care package.  I had asked him when he thinks he'll be coming home, he said probably either in January, or next July.  I was so sad after reading that, i hate thinking about him being over there in combat, having to kill or be killed on a daily basis.  At the same time I admire his strength, and courage so much.  He truly is an amazing person.  I have to write him back tonight.