It's
raining! ... It's great - it's been raining constantly for about
the last 12 hours! Hey, we haven't had rain like that in about 2 months
here. Plus we're in the grip of our third year of a severe drought here
as well. So, any constant rain - that does more than just soak straight
into the parched ground - is really welcome. I'm lucky where I live,
about 200km from the coast. A few years' ago they raised the level of
the dam wall of the local water supply, and it's still got lots of
water in it. Unlike some of the other areas not far from here, which'll
have to start bringing water in for their town! It's pretty bad here in
Australia. I heard the other day that the drought started a few years
ago in Western Australia, and over the last 2 or 3 years it's crept
across over the continent to the Eastern states, where I am. So, it's
everywhere (well, except for a few places on the coast, of course). The
majority of our population live within c.1 hour of the coast, so a lot
of them don't really give a toss about the rest of us living out here,
west of what they call "The Sandstone Curtain"! lol 
  George
Johnston...  I've been able to locate three very rare
out-of-print books online in Australia of my favourite Australian
author, George Johnston. I've never used eBay or anything like that
before, but this is dealing with the booksellers direct, thru their
shops. I found them thru this site  urlLink here . It's great - I love his stuff,
but it's not as tho I'm an avid "1st-Edition collector", or anything
like that!  (Actually, I managed to
get a first-edition copy of his 1964's "My Brother Jack" for just $8 a
few months ago! Whoo hoo!)  I just wanted a copy of three of his
books I haven't got! I've read them before (borrowed them from various
local libraries over the years), but it'd be great to actually own them
and read them at will from now on! Plus - it won't cost me an arm and a
leg either - all up for all three, including postage, will be approx.
$36 / 21 EUR / $26 USD! I'm happy. 
  Thoon... 
Did you know that Thoon, my beloved goldfish, has his very own webpage
now? Check it out  here ! Thoon is enjoying his dancing
swimmy life in his new home. All is well with him - he's eating like me
(uh oh!), and enjoys exploring every fractional-inch of his little
world. 
  Online
for almost 5 years...  I couldn't believe it when I realised the
other day that I've had a 'presence' in cyberspace for almost 5 years
now! I uploaded my very first attempt at a website in August 1999! I
kept fiddling with that site for ages, after much trial and error. My
current site is a wholly new one from that one, but the history is
definitely linked between the two. It's not as tho I know anything
especially about designing webpages, it's all just trial-and-error
learning using different html programs, and fiddling with codes and
stuff! Sheesh!  
 
Plus - I've had  online friends 
for over 2 1/2 years now! I keep in regular touch with friends via chat
and email all over the world, including Hawaii, USA, England, Sweden,
Greece, Turkey, as well as all over Australia! Wow - a lot of water has
flowed under the bridge during that time of sharing together, let me
tell you! 
  Stink
pretty...  I must be reverting into my old hippy phase again, or
something  (gawd... somebody stop me!) 
I'm giving the ol' incense and oil-burner a good workout lately. Smells
nice anyway...