I am writing this while I am naked. Although I just took a bath, the temperature sure feels like hell.  Summer time in the Philippines is when everything comes to a standstill or at least in a slow motion mode. After all the school is off and students have already gone home. This the the season when scorching heat of the sun inflicts its brunt on everyone, many are either feeling sleepy or just plain out of energy. I am no exception. The best that I could do to make the heat bearable is to focus the fan to me and take baths as often as possible. I just wish I had an air con, however wishful thinking that may sound for I could never afford one.  Anyway a lot has happened these past few months. It is funny that I want to recollect my thoughts and the events that have transpired in my life while I am in my naked glory. Not that I look good, no siree, unless you are one of those whose fetish is to see Shrek naked, it is just that I don’t get to do this-- in fact I haven’t done this at all.  While writing this I wonder if my neighbors could see me. Just to be in the safe side, I turned off the lights. They may accused me that by parading in my entire glory I lost my sanity or is doing some satanical ritual or worse reduced myself to a pervert. At this point, I don't care what they think.  I am here because it is hot and I want to write. Period.  Awhile ago I was watching the television, and I was incensed what our current congressman said in his interview. He claimed, or he made it sound, that he was the one responsible for the many infrastructure projects in our area. For me that sounded delusional. Lest he forget, the money spent on such projects came from the people, in fact the only thing a conressman could do is allocate the people’s money, serve as a conduit and nothing more. It doesn’t take a genius to do that. The spoil system is Philippine's politics. I don’t see any reason why he should boast of such as an achievement.  While it is already hot in the Philippines, the election further ticks me off. The set of candidates we have both for local and national election are miserable, sorry excuses for human beings, if they are at all humans. Most do not know what they are running for, what they want to do, and what made them run in the first place, except, obviously, to gain power. Who cannot feel cynical about this whole charade? I cannot stomach it and dare say I refuse to accept it. I mean I can be naked while writing this but I feel extremely violated, even humiliated whenever I hear these candidates speak to toil themselves to high heavens. All words that come out of their mouths are filth, lies and deception devised for us to believe them, taking us as fools, morons, stupids, dregs. Why, I ask is it that our congressmen are obsessed with infrastructure projects when their real jobs are in legislature?   Kickbacks, anyone?  The patronage politics has led us nowhere, and it seems that this is the very carrot that they offer the voter this coming election. It is a painful reality that makes me shiver, a cold fact that jolts me out of my comfort zone and throws me into deep panic.  Election is when all that stinks is gleamed over for the unimpeachable truth that it is all a play, an illusion, when all of us are taken for a ride, and, lo and behold, we thoroughly enjoy the experience, not knowing any better, not knowing the difference of a good leadership from a bad and deceitful one. It is surreal, and by golly, it makes me feeling sick.  Elections in this country is something I hate if only for the reason that I have to agonize over its poison reality that it cannot be changed with a make believe magical wand, and that truly, no change, at least the good ones, seems imminent. The old system persists. It is a sad, sad world. There is no magical silver bullet to address this problem and sometimes finding a solution to what plagues this country is overwhelmingly futile.  Now, I know that I am sweating and naked, well, these too are also out of the ordinary. I stare at my monitor, hoping that in the end I made sense, I pray that at least I appear sensible. Never mind that my congressman is deluded, or that election in this country is a poor excuse to claim itself a democracy. Finding myself naked and alone in this room are just two of those few things I can afford to do out of sheer lunacy, say even, as my own sign of protest against these seriously dirty traditional politicians whose existence we could happily do with out.  I say in closing that the weather is hot-- but the politics in this country sure stinks like hell.