You know, sometimes, life just really sucks.  When you think about how you live, about how you coast along without a care in the world, it's no wonder that God trips you up every once in a while to remind you just who's in charge.  I married an alcoholic, albeit a sober alcoholic.  Sober for 11 years in fact.  Okay, so for the last 2 years, he's sort of taken a flying leap off the wagon.  He's pulled a couple of all-nighters in the bar, come home drunk a couple of times, and generally scared, annoyed, and angered me in increasing increments.  I've left him for a couple of nights hoping that that would knock some sense into him.  I've begged, I've pleaded, I've cried, I've yelled, I've done it all.  No change.  Sunday was the worst.  He left at 9:00 am to finish up a remodeling job, said he would probably have to run to town to get a few things he needed, and would probably be home in time to grill a couple of steaks.  When 7:00 pm rolled around, the boy child and I took the drive out to the remodel job.  No husband - just that sinking helpless feeling in the pit of my stomach.  I knew immediately where he was, and what he was doing.  With that knowledge comes a night of very little sleep...listening, always listening for the sound of the pickup.  Waiting, always waiting for the phone to ring.  Then the images begin to form in my mind - dead in an alley, dead in a ditch, dead in a wreck, in jail.  Who will be the pall-bearers?  What will happen to the boy child?  What will I do to keep the house?  Then the hot tears that have been threatening all night, spill over.  I toss and turn in bed alternting between anger and a gut-wrenching fear.  Monday morning rolls around; still no husband.  I took the day off from work and sat down to wait.  Actually, I moped.  The boy child did the best he could to take care of me, but I was a pretty pitiful spectacle.  I finally had a talk with the boy child about his dad and the drinking, and spoke to him of some of the things that might have to happen in order to get his dad to get help.  He stared solemnly off into the distance, nodding when necessary - I believe he understood.  So, Monday night - no husband, no phone call, no nothing.  I broke down and called the city and county jails and the two hospitals.  Nothing.  Again, another night of tossing, turning, waiting, listening.    Tuesday morning, I tried to go to work, and actually managed it for a bit.  I broke down though, went to my bosses and explained the situation for them.  Sympathy and understanding poured from them and into me, and because of them, I was able to go home - first I had to make a stop.  I hate our sheriff's office.  Everybody and their brother seems to be privy to everything that goes on in there.  There's no secrecy and things don't stay secret.  I, however, was at the end of my rope.  With tears in my eyes, I marched in, asked to see the sheriff in private and filled out my very first missing person's report.  Sure enough, 3 hours or so later, guess who pulls into the driveway?  After saying a brief prayer of thanks to God for bringing him home safely, the first words out of my mouth were, "Get your shit and get out."  For no other reason than pure laziness, I won't recount all the angry words (my side only), tears (my side), firmness (my side), and more tears (still my side).  The upshot of all this was, my husband finally admitted he needed and would seek help.  He made the first calls, took the first steps.  I let him sleep in the RV (I admit I felt sorry for him), then on Wednesday morning, we talked.  And talked, and talked, and talked.  Really talked.  For the first time possibly in our marriage.  I love my husband, but I will not be a victim.  I also will not give up when there is hope, and I saw hope here.  Marriage vows are sacred, and I promised to love him in good times and bad, in sickness and in health.  I will not desert him while he is in that dark place in his soul - not when I know he wants to climb out of it.  Alcoholism is a disease.  We can't cure it, but together perhaps we can conquer it.