Lotus Cup   So, we went to the Lotus Cup tonight... Yesterday night... The night we are on that started yesterday. So, I was doodling in my folder, and one of the doodles inspired me. It started as a small doodle, a black pellet (a pearl maybe) from which a flame was rising. I was going to make a bigger one, but I was too bored to fill in a large circle in black with a pencil, so I doodled around with it and made a wee spiral inside. So now it looked like an eye on flame, and that's when the muses struck me. Now, this piece is not intended as literature... it is intended as a play, and gestures, expressions, and intonation are important, so I will interleave lines with instructions as to how it should be read. Usually the instructions come in two parts, separated by a forward slash ( / ). The first applies to the first half of the line, the other to the next. With a bit of imagination it should be easy to match them.   The Watcher  Can you see him? He can see you.   questioning look / "I know something you don't" look   He's watching... Can't you see him?   explaining / disturbed look   He stands in your shadows.  He follows your every move... Can't you see him?    stalk around / despaired look & voice   His eyes blaze like fire, but they shed no light.   entranced look, stare following imaginary eyes / confused look   His voice, a stampede... Can't you hear him?  cover ears, as if hearing loud noise / despaired look.   He's there... There... There... And There.  Point, point, point at people in the crowd / Point at own chest  OR  Point, point, point at shadowy places in the room / Wave hand behind self   He's screaming! Whispering.  Scream / Whisper   He's raking at you... Pleading at you  Rake air angrily / Despaired look, begging   Can't you see him?  You can't see him. But he's there... Waiting for you.  Disappointed look / Sweep crowd with a warning gaze (maybe point finger at some)   The basic idea of this play is to go through a wide set of facial expressions in a short time. An exercise, if you wish to call it so.