Last night I was watching "The High Price of Fame" on E, strictly out of boredom / wanting my girlfriend to have enough time to study for MCATs. First of all, they voted Phoebe Cates' nude scene in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (a thoroughly entertaining film, granted) to be the most memorable nude scene of all time. Total bunk. I can think of thousands of more memorable nude scenes. Halle Berry in Monster's Ball? Angelina Jolie in Sin? Kristin Davis in Sex and the City?  I checked out E Online because they had an ad for it (I'm a stereotype). They were selling Ted Casablanca boxers, which read "Put some sass in your ass." Uh.   I'm wondering - if Duke players suck in the pros, and college coaches suck in the pros, is this Coach K to the Lakers thing really that good an idea?  It's sad that Marlon Brando died, although not in a tangible, show-your-tears type of way. I'd argue Reagan's death might have been that, if only because of the overly intense media coverage of his laying in-state, transport to the Capitol, etc. I felt like a tool for shedding a few tears, but I did. What was I talking about? Oh yea, Brando. "On the Waterfront" is an American class, and so is "The Godfather." That one he made, 'Dr. Moreau's Island' or whatever it is, that was, in the words of The New York Times TV Guide, "a real pavement cracker." Sadly, he didn't age well, but I do give him props for his earlier roles. I should probably watch his turn in Streetcar, seeing as how I've never seen it.  Foxsports runs the headline "Suns grab super hot free agent." Steve Nash? Super hot? He's more burned out than a guy in row five at the Bob Marley Fest from running the Mavs' "We score 103, but we give up 110" offense for the past couple years. He'll probably do well with Marion, Johnson, and Stoudmire, though... if the Suns had room and got Kobe or someone, they could really shake some shite up in the West.   Is July 4th a more or less overrated holiday than New Year's Eve?  Why does espn.com list Adonal Foyle - perhaps best known as a staunch campaign finance reform advocate - as one of the 15 Best Free Agents on the market?    Question of the Day   Who should be the Democratic veep choice?