urlLink   How does a person define their spirituality and why it's important to them? I have had more than my share of special moments where I have felt touched by the divine. I have seen others touched by the divine, hell I have even been touched by the divine in others. Yet, what I feel lost about is my participation. How much of spirituality is simply trappings?  Are trappings, clothes, candles, holidays, and relgio-speak? Can I still say that I participate in my own chosen religion if I do not actively do those things that books tell me means that I am what they are attempting to define as being ______? I do not like to follow the letters in a book alone. Religion comes from within and I could create my own definitions, but it doesn't compete with the feeling that overwhelms me when more than I are invovled.  Time and again, I have turned away from one person, group or another for whatever reason. Something turns me off, something turns me away, something says, "not again." Is it so hard for us not in the mainstream easy-to-define religions to participate with one another. There's a disturbing trend that pushes solitary on us, saying that it's a viable alternative to finding a group to learn, grow, and love in. I disagree.   I don't believe that any one person can say, you Journeyman, have attained the level of _____ in our spirituality and here's your symbol of that attainment. But my agreement with being solitary stops there. Being solitary isn't about going it alone. It's about self-reliance. Our spirituality lost the message somewhere in there that it's our (each of us) own responsibility to see our life knowledge grow. No one can do that for us.   People can be symbolic of lessons along the way, yes. But still solitary will leave us wholly alone. No true thing worth doing is made worse by doing it in numbers ;) . So where are the people desparate to find one another so that we can form groups of two, three, four, five, seven, nine, and thirteen? Where are the people clamoring to share their own specialties in herbalism, candles, writing, et al? Where?  Self-reliance once again rears its ugly head and lo! 101 Classes are full of brag brag brag, and I can, and I did, and you should let me teach you to... One of the foundations of teaching in our spirituality is the request. The Gardnerians and Alexandrians, and other trads. are not wrong in their belief that time must tell if a person is ready to learn. Even then, these trads don't believe that they should shove information off on a person. It's the person's responsibilty to see the information kept. It's the group's responsibilty to see the person through it, to help them deal with the gravity of the knowlege they're taking on. Sure we share, sure we teach. But it's more about the relationships grown. Are you willing to suffer, so that you may learn? Don't you?  A seed is not happy in itself knowing that it can become a tree. A seed is not happy in itself mentally running through the exercises of itself taking root.  A seed works with its family: water, earth, and air, to be a tree.   Journeyman  urlLink