I promised you a diatribe about the state of journalism today, and here you have it. On the heels of "Outfoxed" finally gaining a US release (after the DVD became one of Amazon's top sellers, ha ha ha), I join forces with my man Ted Turner in a true "wild-eyed liberal," Jane Fonda moment...  Where are the trustbusters when you need them? Probably counting their stock options somewhere with "Fox News" blaring in the background. This article by Ted Turner ( urlLink http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2004/0407.turner.html ) details his struggle to hold on to Turner Broadcasting amid the FCC's increasing support of media consolidation.  Some compelling thoughts from Mr. Turner's article:  "Ninety percent of the top 50 cable TV stations are owned by the same parent companies that own the broadcast networks. Yes, Disney's ABC network has lost viewers to cable networks. But it's losing viewers to cable networks like Disney's ESPN, Disney's ESPN2, and Disney's Disney Channel. The media giants are getting a deal from Congress and the FCC because their broadcast networks are losing share to their own cable networks. It's a scam. "  "The top 20 Internet news sites are owned by the same media conglomerates that control the broadcast and cable networks. Sure, a hundred-person choir gives you a choice of voices, but they're all singing the same song."  "The FCC says that we have more media choices than ever before. But only a few corporations decide what we can choose [...] Different voices do not mean different viewpoints, and these huge corporations all have the same viewpoint--they want to shape government policy in a way that helps them maximize profits, drive out competition, and keep getting bigger."  "Consolidation has also meant a decline in the local focus of both news and programming. [...]In early 2002, when a freight train derailed near Minot, N.D., releasing a cloud of anhydrous ammonia over the town, police tried to call local radio stations, six of which are owned by radio mammoth Clear Channel Communications. [...] it took them over an hour to reach anyone [...] By the next day, 300 people had been hospitalized, many partially blinded by the ammonia. Pets and livestock died. And Clear Channel continued beaming its signal from headquarters in San Antonio, Texas--some 1,600 miles away."  "Consolidation has given big media companies new power over what is said not just on the air, but off it as well. Cumulus Media banned the Dixie Chicks on its 42 country music stations for 30 days after lead singer Natalie Maines criticized President Bush for the war in Iraq. [...] Disney recently provoked an uproar when it prevented its subsidiary Miramax from distributing Michael Moore's film Fahrenheit 9/11. As a senior Disney executive told The New York Times: "It's not in the interest of any major corporation to be dragged into a highly charged partisan political battle." Follow the logic, and you can see what lies ahead: If the only media companies are major corporations, controversial and dissenting views may not be aired at all. "  Why aren't people more angry about this? Is it because even the most informed, liberal people I know work for major corporations, some of them the very media conglomerates mentioned above? I've been there. It's hard to say, "I quit because I disagree with this company's politics" when that fat paycheck keeps rolling in - and does one person's dissatisfaction really start off a  Jerry Maguire  moment where other people are inspired to up and quit? Hells, no. Best to keep your mouth shut and hope the government eventually wises up - to hope that we will manage to elect a president who doesn't have corporations' best interests at heart.