Korea, here I come!!!   I can hardly contain the excitement I am feeling.  My uncle in San Diego agreed to purchase me plane ticket to Korea this summer!  If things work out as planned, I can bunk with my sister in Sokcho.  I haven't seen my sister in almost a year and a half.  This is my chance to make up for lost time.  Eventhough financing this trip weighs heavily on my mind, I cannot help but feel this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.  When I was younger, I passed up many opportunities  sometimes just out of plain fear.  I often convinced myself it was my innate desire to be the 'responsible' son and pay my own tuition while I went to college.  On a deeper level, I was just trying to differentiate myself from my sister.  Why did I feel the need to do this?  The only way I can explain it is that in the chinese culture, being the first-born son carries great importance.  This meant that as a career, I had to become a respected professional.  This included, but was not limited to, being a doctor, lawyer, or engineer.  That was not to be.  How did I become the "black sheep" in the eyes of my family?  My high school years were wrought with what I deemed to be pain and hardship.  My lack of friends and adequate social skills did me in right away.  I cut school, and often displayed a lack of commitment to my studies.  As for my sister, she didn't have an easy time either at first.  She carried some resentment towards me for being more well-liked by my mother's extended family.  In junior high, she befriended some really shady characters that could have potentially lead her down a path of drugs and reckless abandon.  She was fortunate enough to switch schools by grade 10, and recognize her own potential.  By grade 12 she was a yearbook editor, a lieutenant governor of her youth group chapter, was well-liked by her peers, and attended many life-changing conferences.  By graduation, she accomplished more than most would ever hope.  She made an even bigger splash in University, running for student office and working part-time in a print shop.  Despite what others think, I was not at all jealous of her success; in fact, I was, and still am, very proud of her.  What made things difficult was that her success overshadowed any of my achievements in the eyes of my parents.  Parents can be cruel by using favouritism as a form of reward and punishment; often times it just reinforced entrenched views and values.  A comment my father once made gave me the greatest insight into the chinese culture.  He said to me "your sister can do whatever she wants, because in the end, she will marry into wealth".  Hearing that made my heart stop.  The realization for me was that I had fallen short of their expectations.  What hurt even more was that my father and I never communicated very well.  I perceived his comments as attacks, and I responded by defending myself or sometimes by withdrawing which further frustrated him.  It has taken me years to overcome the bitterness of that realization, and somehow make peace with that utter disappointment.  It was not so much disappointment in them but a greater disappointment in myself.  I was in denial about seeking help because it was still very much taboo in chinese culture to talk about your problems outside of your family.  Instead, the problem internalized within me, and it slowly ate away at my confidence.  How did I let all this fester within me for so long still haunts me to this day.  I sometimes sit up and wonder how I let so many wasted years go by with a total lack of ambition or sense of direction.  Despite this track record, the human spirit is resilient and in the end I simply find myself choosing to move on with my life.  I am quickly regaining the steam I thought I had all but lost, and looking more positively toward the future.  Things I once abandoned long ago I am revisiting, including my desire to be more healthy in body and soul.  Travelling was always something I easily talked myself out of.  This time I hope to go with a sense of purpose.  I want so desperately to see the world from a whole new perspective, and to see my little sister whom I miss dearly.