It is a great encouragement to meet people with a similar history. In the past few weeks I have had occasion to meet some lovely people and have had a rather similar conversation with them all. The person will have started adult life with very clear views about what the Truth is (as with me, it was  urlLink evangelical  christianity. Most were leaders and active proselytisers. In each case something happened in their life to provoke a reorganisation of their beliefs and they are now  a lot less certain and make far fewer claims on their own or other's behaviour. The annoying thing is that my Dad always said this would eventually happen to me - that I would mellow in my dotage. Well, he was right, but unfortunately he died before I could apologize to him for promoting beliefs that are without good foundation, and for looking down on his position as 'woolly liberal'. One of these people had simply got older and wiser, another had lost an adult child, another's marriage broke down. I wonder if it is generally the case that people mellow as they mature. Of course for some people (including me now), maturing  requires  mellowing by definition. Many of these people have moved from evangelical faith to a broader, more inclusive faith.  I went to a barbeque on Saturday. Never one to bother much with smalltalk, I spent most of the evening talking about religion and philosophy with a lovely couple who started off life in the Jehovah's Witnesses, shifted to evangelical christianity, and having studied philosophy are now much more liberal. It was particularly interesting  because the last time I met them, perhaps six years ago, I was a senior evangelical minister and they were solid members of an evangelical church. I was much relieved and encouraged to find that their pilgrim's progress had been at least in a similar direction to mine. This conversation raised the issue of the values shared by liberal christians and secular humanists. In both cases the agenda is 'this-worldly' and reason is highly prized. I must say I have found that some of the discourse in some secularist discussion lists is unnecessarily negative about liberal christians. It seems that believers of all types are easily lumped in together, as if there is anything much in common between a liberal and an evangelical christian. I am very much of the conviction that there is far more in common between the liberal wings of any religion than there is between the liberal and conservative wings of the same religion.