This has been a very interesting week. Sorry I haven't posted in a while, I didn't even realize it had been so long. Work has been busy, and well... I'll tell you the rest now. The weekend was boring, I'm broke as fuck since Cop moved out because now I have to take over his half of the rent along with everything else. So I stayed home all weekend and just watched movies & cleaned the apartment. On Monday night I talked to  Cuddle Bitch  and he was saying he wanted to see me because he hasn't seen me in a long time. So I told him he could come over if he wanted. He did, we watched TV for a while, then we were hooking up (no sex) and he got all shy and nervous all of a sudden. He always does this, and I'm always like WTF? So, I was like ok, what's up? He said that he was nervous, I was like about what? He said he doesn't want to do anything wrong, or be bad. I was like bad at what? We're not having sex, and you're doing just fine anyway. He said that I intimidate him because i'm so much more "experienced" than he is. LOL!!! I was like haha! wtf is that supposed to mean??? and how would YOU know how experienced I am? He was like no no, don't take it wrong. I'm just saying I can tell you know what you're doing, and I don't want to be bad at what I'm doing. Long story short, that killed the mood so we just talked for a while then fell asleep. He was telling me I need to help break him of those thoughts, and help him come out of his shell. No thanks, that's way too much work. So we fell asleep after a while then the next morning he got up, gave me a kiss, and left at like 6am. I'm not even really sure what to say about that. Comedy.  So, Tuesday night I finally got internet at home so I'm messing around on Yahoo and go to a chat room. Any women who have been in an internet chat room know that every IM you get is going to say "A/S/L?", "wanna cyber?", "what are you wearing?" or my personal favorite "wanna have some fun?" No. No. No. No. NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. To all of those questions. If you ever IM a woman with any of those, stick your dick in a George Foreman grill and put a 10 lb weight on it. You don't deserve to have one. Anyway... I get this IM that says "Hi, I'm ' Patterson '" (which of course isn't his real name, it's the town he lives in) He totally got my attention because he seemed normal! So we started talking and it turns out he just got out of the Army ;) and is absolutely fuckin GORGEOUS! Like... whoa! He's puerto rican/hawaiian. 100% my type. Yum! So, we're talking, and after a while he asks if he can call me, I say sure. All of a sudden he starts making plans for us to see eachother, and for me to go up to his dad's house with him, and go visit him where he lives. I was like whoaaaaaaaaa, take a deep breath dude. So we talked again last night and he was talking about the possibility of us being together one day, and all kinds of stuff like that. Then he kept apologizing and saying that he has a habit of vocalizing his thoughts when he shouldn't. He's really sweet, and very respectful, so if I can get him to slow down a little then this could be the beginning of a beautiful... something! haha! He went to look at colleges in Southern Cali this weekend, and said he'd call when he got back. God he's HOT!  Today I'm at work when I get an e-mail from this guy we'll call....  First . He was my very first boyfriend in the 5th grade. We also dated a little bit in high school, and had sex once the summer after our Senior year. He found my e-mail address on an alumni site for our high school. Here's a piece of his e-mails:   "Holy crap!  (my name), I'm in awe right now!  Let me tell you, out of all people that I want to see from high school, you are number one my list. I owe you the biggest apology in the world. one for not ever keeping in touch and two for such a terrible performance. We were just talking about you, we being me and ----- --------. he is in town right now for his accounting firm and we went out last night. they make fun of me all the time cause I told them my performance wasn't very impressive nor long. so they laugh at me. every time I listen to K-Ci & JoJo I think damn. you know I didn't even finish a song. that is a damn shame. actually it is probably good cause now I am educated and at least know what the hell I am doing and.... lets just say you might not make it through the first song. wow can you believe that?  did you know you were my first "girlfriend" and you were also my first, first. I had messed around a lot but you were the one I said "f-ck it" (no pun intended).  all I can say is I'm really glad I found you again."   When I read that I was his "first, first" I could not believe it! He was SOOOOO hot! He was Mr. Popularity at our high school. The Quarterback, basketball, & track star, Homecoming King.... all that stuff, and I was his first when we were 18 years old??? Wow! I was very flattered. I tried to reassure him and told him that it wasn't bad, but it really was! haha! But now I know why, it was his first time! I would love to take him up on what he said about me not lasting through a song this time though. I know he can only have gotten hotter since High School. It was really good to hear from him again though, he said he's not going to let us lose touch again. ;)  Oh yeah, M.N... in response to the comment you wrote the other day, read  urlLink my very first post . ;)