Well this week was supposed to be an easy training class.  I only have 3, count um, THREE people.  YES-just 3.  That is all.  So anyhow, I get to work on Monday in record time, mostly because I work at probably the only company that was open on the 5th.  Oh well, no biggie, until I get to work and have an email from my boss, that says that she will be staying at the lake another day (well she has to because "people" are there--Bullshit) I wouldn't care, in fact I would be happy she wasn't coming in any other day than the first day of training.  Because she is suppose to come in and do all the introductions, tell the company story, and her story.......the franchisees really get a kick out of it.  My boss is a wonderful motivational speaker (even though not everything she says is true--if you don't know her, you believe it) and her speaking to them on the first day just jump-starts the week.  Anyway so I was pissed not only because she wasn't coming but also because I didn't find out till that Monday.......so there I am caught off guard, and unprepared!  It was not fun.  I really don't like to be unorganized during the training classes!  Anyho we make it through the day, they seem fine (the trainees) a little dull, but fine.  And I went home, tanned, and passed out on the sofa for an hour....lol. Well this weekend was fun, Saturday I slept in :), then got up around 11, lazed around...I watched the Ashlee Simpson show---LOL, why is that crap addictive!?!?  Anyway around 1ish my parents call to see if I want to go see Shriek 2!! Which I have really been wanting to go see, so I got ready and left.  However, in the process of me getting ready and getting out there they change their minds and decide to see Spiderman 2. Which I didn't really care if I saw or not.  It was ok, pretty much the same basic story as the first one.  And Tobey made some really ugo faces (shouldn't spiderman be cuter???).  Then I headed home, didn't really do anything that night.  Sunday--The 4th!--started out about the same, I went to church with my family, and then we came home and had barbeque chicken (YUM) with all the fixins.  Then around 2:30pm (after an hour nap, lol) I left and headed for home, the Iwent to the grocery store, and spent MORE money!!  EEK!  I shouldn't need groceries for like 2 months now!!  Then that night I hung out with my friends Matt and Beth and some of Beth's family.  It was fun.  Got home around 12:45, because I made a stop at taco hell, then went to bed after gaining about 10lbs from all the food I had on the forth!!! LOL.  Ok that is all for now.  Tuesday seems to be going well....hummmmm.....but we will see.