Being a smoker and driving taking up the better part of my workday, I have (until recently) been throwing cigarettes out of my window. Berated from various other pagans for my lack of care for our planet, I would make excuses. “Using the ashtray is too much trouble, it stinks up the car, and filters are biodegradable.”    Having a resource-protecting life partner is frustrating, but enlightening. Frustrating because it requires me to rethink how I live my life. I now have to separate plastics, crush aluminum, tin, break down cardboard, never put food in the trash can, use less water in the bathroom, and the list goes on. Protecting our earth isn’t about what’s easiest. After all, who wants to spend time dividing out the plastic from the aluminum, deliver it to another location than the end of our driveway? Or take a shorter shower, use kerosene lighting instead of all electric, or pay more for gas powered refrigerators, stoves, water heaters, and wash all food containers out? Let us not even touch on learning about solar power…oops.   Yet, more than simply being a pagan, we are (most of the time) environmentalists. What can I do, I am only one person? What difference can I make if I am one of the less than ten percent who care? More than simply caring for mama in our own way, we should feel obligated to educate and lead by example. Otherwise, aren’t we simply giving lip service to being Pagan, Wiccan, etc.? If every vista is a sanctuary and the forest our chapel, shouldn’t we be keeping it clean?  Again on the crusade of shaping up my own life, I have quit kvetch-ing about cigarette butts in my ashtray. Part of this is due in fact to having read Starhawk’s The Fifth Sacred Thing. Quite apart from being an incredible writer of pagan how to literature, Starhawk is quite a tale spinner. She paints a futuristic view of the world (specifically, California) where many starve or die from dehydration. The earth is now depleted of more ozone and natural resources. While not touching on what actually happened to the U.S. government, she writes of a totalitarian local government where racism is a matter-of-course and rations are all anyone gets to eat.   However, the story’s main character, Madrone, lives with many others including Pagans, Radical Fairies, Christians, Catholics, Native Americans, Buddhists, etc. in harmony with their surroundings. In fact, the concrete streets and parking lots have been destroyed by the people who refused to be oppressed any longer. Communal living, acceptance, and consensus are the way everyone lives. No one has the concept of private property. However, the southern government has ignored the socialism occurring in the north bay area long enough and has plans to move in.   Leaving you there, I urge you to find a copy. Better yet, urge your local New Age/Metaphysical store owner to stock it. The story will give all readers a new view of conservation and care for the four of the five sacred things: earth, air, fire, and water. So, back to the matter at hand. What can each of us do? We could all use a nightly walk through our neighborhood. Why not pick up street trash? (wry smile) Walk through a local park and pick up litter. Better yet, go to your local superstore and begin picking up litter. See what the public thinks about that. Recycling isn’t just about the waste we produce by eating either. Those jeans you don’t fit into anymore might fit someone else now. That sweater that has a hole in it can be mended, or even made into another purpose. That faded, hole-ridden favorite shirt might become material for napkins or a pomander. What about being a recycler in an area that doesn’t have decent facilities? Here are a couple of tips and resources to begin with.  • Color code, label or put pictures on containers, so small children can help sort recyclables. Show them how to separate plastics by using the num-bers on the bottoms of the containers. • Reduce the volume of tin cans. Remove paper labels, rinse, drip-dry in a dish drainer, cut off both ends, then step on them to mash them flat. • Have necessary supplies at hand such as twine for bundling newspapers (check local regulations). Use step-top cans that allow hands-free disposal. • Arrange storage containers at a convenient height for sorting recyclables, perhaps placing them on a table or bench. Put containers on carts or dollies to make moving easier. • If containers will be “on display,” find ways to make them attractive. Use old paint or wallpaper to match the room decor. Hide open-topped con-tainers behind folding doors, blinds, roller shades, or curtains. • Keep storage areas free of insects and odors. Take materials to the recycling center frequently, or move them to a long-term storage area outside. Find a safe place for storing hazardous wastes until the items can be taken to a community clean-up day. (Contact your county extension office for more information about hazardous wastes.) • Make regular trips to the redemption center a part of your shopping routine. Use paper bags on shelves, in deep drawers, or stand them on the floor. A standard grocery bag is just the right size to hold newspapers. • Ask local stores for cardboard boxes. Line with old plastic bags to keep the cardboard dry. • Obtain moving cartons (boxes or barrels used for moving household goods). • Get fiberboard barrels from bakeries or milk-processing plants. • Hang a laundry bag on a hook and fill it with soft drink cans or plastic milk jugs. The bag will be easy to carry when full. • Use old plastic bags for collecting recyclables. • Coffee cans are convenient for holding small, plastic lids, kitchen utencils, pencils, nails, screws. Jars of any kind are a reason I buy products. I reuse all my jars for candles, screws, powder incenses, herbs, sugar, homemade soups,  • A piece of furniture, such as a buffet or window seat, could become a recycling center. • A basket, crock, or antique boiler could hold newspapers in the family room. • A table or rolling cart in the basement or laundry room could be used for sorting recyclables. • Laundry baskets or tubs, wooden fruit baskets, or old kitchen cabinets could have new life as recy-cling storage units.  http://www.rutherfordcounty.org/recycle/other.htm  this page gives listings for various locations in Rutherford County, including Kroger’s, Inc. that has quite an aggressive recycling program.  http://www.state.tn.us/environment/  believe it or not, our state has a recycling program in place. this site is a wonderful resource for information for Tennessee citizens.   http://www.epa.gov/recyclecity/mainmap.htm  This is a fun place for kids to explore. Not just for kids, I had a blast playing around in Recycle City where the citizens have several ways that they not only recycle, but reuse common items. Check this one out!  I apologize for not having "clickable" links, but I am afraid that blogger.com doesn't supppor it. You will have to copy and paste the addresses into you browser's address bar.