Admitidly my blogging habbits have started to slip.  Seems I'm just so busy now days and when I'm in a PC I just want to read other people's blogs and not bother with typing shit into mine.  But this will change.  Last night was fun.  Tim, Troy, Peter, Fionna and I all went to a board game cafe and bust out the best game of risk I've ever played.  All told it took about 3 and a half hours but we saw it through to the very end.  It literally came down to the last army, Tim vs. yours truely.  And on the last roll all I had to do was roll a two or better, and I couldn't.  I had a 5 in 6 chance of winning and I managed to lose, unbelievable.  Afterwards we went to the old GR and had few beers.  I had no clue I'd be out so late.  Our game finished around 3:30.  The place usually closes at 2 but they just let us keep playing and that we did.   Thursday was another great and exciting LIKE meeting.  To let you know just how exciting it was Ursula spoke.  Wow this was the longest 20 minutes in the history of time.  These meetings are a complete waist of time and there are less and less people every time.  The only good thing about the meeting was that Tim and I have found out how to make it big back in the U.S.  The is brothel boats.  Since prostitution is illegal you round up some hoes stick them on a boat and then get some clients.  Then you sail out into international waters and well, you can figure out the rest.  This isn't an original idea I confess.  Steven my roommate told me that this was the common practice in NZ before brothels were legalized.   I don't like my manager very much, I think he is a flake and I don't think he likes me.  He is a nice guy but completely incompetent.  I think I've started to take a page from Asma's book in the fact that nice is good but just doesn't fucking cut it.  There are many things in Korea that are starting to grind on my nerves.  But it's intangables that I can't exactly explain.  In general I really wonder if Koreans have a clue as to what is going on in the world.  I don't mean to say they don't read the newspaper but it just seems that the are so clueless about anything but  Korea.  I think they need to get out more.  Ok I've got to go meet Fenton at AU now.  I'll be more regular on the blog.  Oh Koreans are also the worst synchronized dancers ever.  I know b/c I saw them doing this infront of X-milano.  I acknowledge tons of spelling errors but I'm not going to bother with spell check.