Selfish Society..or isn't it?   Wed Dec 29 19:20:39 1999   Now that I am off and out of school for at least 4 weeks, I've had the time to sit around and deeply think about issues (or well I think I have!). Something I've been thinking about, and by no means am I the only one to think about it, because I've heard others write up on it, is the fact that most if not all of us are selfish. Sure, most of us will go out and do things in the community or do things for others (even I do that!), and think we've done a great deed, but no matter how hard we try to help others, there is usually another motive involved behind our actions. I used to think that I did everything because, sure I wanted to help everyone, and I did, but if I really really thought about it, 1 in the 5 times I've helped someone within a week or so, I've done it to benefit me. Of course there is nothing wrong in doing that, or at least I don't think so now (since I do it too!).  Before I didn't believe in what I stated above..I used to think that there were weirdos out there who made up stuff like that claiming that everyone was/is "selfish", but it took me a lot of time to sit down and really think about it, and realize that sure, sometimes we are selfish. I suppose that god made us to help ourselves get where we want to be first, and on our way to success, it is considered okay to help others. Those of you out there who might think that what I say is just a bunch of b.s., I would like you to sit down and really consider what I've said....Just think that I was in the same position you were a while back and it took me a while to realize that everyone is a bit selfish, and maybe you'll realize it too.  Ever wonder why we have kids? Sure some people say that 'making kids is fun' but the real reason is that we want our "genes" to be passed onto another living being so that we don't end somewhere..or something. That in itself is selfish..yes we want "us" through our "genes" to stay alive through our grandchildren, or even great grandchildren, even after we are dead. It's like saying, "sure we can't live that long, but we can hope that someone can at least carry our genetic info into the next millenium or even later on..". Note: yes I do realize that there are philosophers out there who've come up with this exact same reasoning before..and in no way am I steeling what they've said..I'm only saying that I'm actually beginning to learn now as to what they meant by it..