Tomorrow is Wednesday, June 9th.  It is the first day in about a month that I haven't had to teach while school is in session.  I guess that must speak volumes about the job that I'm doing as a sub, but I used to have like one or two days off a week back in March and April.  I never figured that I would be this busy towards the end of the school year.  So, as I kick back on my laptop while watching what looks to be a promising Lakers-Pistons NBA Finals series (GO DEE-TROIT!), I can't help but ponder what sorts of fun things I am going to do tomorrow.  When I finished with college this past Christmas, I had many days off.  I didn't have a job as a substitute or anything else, and I treated my days off as an extended Christmas break.  Well, once all of my post-college friends went back to work after New Year's Day, the whole days off thing got old very fast.   It's one thing when you're on break, but it's completely different when you're unemployed.   Breaks are good for everybody.  I don't think that most people in our country take enough breaks for themselves.  But I don't need weeks of doing nothing.  A few months ago, these days off would involve me being really bored after waking up at 9am and watching some movie on DVD or playing some stupid videogame.  After doing this morning ritual, I'd feel the need to go and spend money on more DVD's, videogames, or some toys that I collect.  That was all then.  Now, within the past two months, any time that I've had off from teaching has been devoted to getting stuff done.  I'm talking about haircuts, bank trips, getting resumes out in the mail, shopping for stuff that I actually need.  It's nice how things seem to have more meaning now.  It's nice to see my crazy spending habits are calming down a bit.    So, even though I may be years behind the curve of the rest of humanity, I am slowly starting to understand that while breaks and days off are important, it's also important to realize that you don't have to waste any extra time that you find yourself with.  Smile and say "cheese".