Sometimes, it's just best not to title something. So, I am being a rebel.  I watched  The Alamo  last night. Generally, I wasn't too impressed since it was sort of slow and plodding, and a bit predictable as far as some of the interactions between the characters. They had the typical "rally round the captain" moment and the "peace between the conflicting main characters" moment. And that "sentimental because you know they are all going to die" moment. However, the fighting scenes disturbed me a lot.  They didn't disturb me like the scenes in  Saving Private Ryan . That movie disturbed me on a level I never knew existed. I cried the entire first 10 minutes and then proceded to be upset periodically throughout the rest of the film due to certain characters' deaths. It disturbed me in a way where the war was a backdrop to the struggle of a man to survive. Which, I know, is probably wrong, but it was the way in which it was all presented that gave it that feel. It was a man triumphing over adversity sort of thing--surving all odds. That sort of disturbing.  The Alamo  disturbed me in that it brought to light how power hungry we are as humans. Never can we just settle for what we have. Instead, we must run after each other with guns drawn and flags waving trying to dominate someone we find to be inferior. We always think we   deserve   something better than good. Sometimes, we think we deserve something better than great just because. And while the vast majority of the movie was speculation since everyone in the real Alamo died, it was difficult to watch a handful of ragtag men be trampled by a large army simply because the rest of the people were too arrogant to believe that Americans could be defeated.  Perhaps it is most disturbing because I believe that arrogance exists now. I feel as if we, as a country, or at least as a country led by certain powers, believe we are both infallable and invincible. Even after being attacked and wounded on our own turf, we still have the unshakable belief that we are right in the face of all adversity and we are the ones that should be in control of everyone. I look back at our history, and I realize that we've had the same roughian view for more than 200 years. We never learn from our mistakes. We perpetuate them. I'm not a pacifist who believes in being walked all over, but I do believe in taking care of your own. Until we can provide job security, health care, and competitive education for all, we need to focus ourselves a little more on our own reflection in the mirror and a little less on the shadows we claim to see everywhere else.  I figure we'll probably end up killing ourselves with our own stupidity someday. I don't think humans are as smart as they think they are. In fact, judging by every other creature on the planet that lives and breathes peacefully and contentedly with what they have, I think we have a lot more to learn.