Ah....Another Friday, another week behind me, another weekend ahead of me, and another driving lesson...Err...I think.  Doesn't much matter, though.  I feel great.  You know how it is, when you're on the Price I$ Right, and the announcer guy is gonna announce the prize, and they pull back the curtain and he says, "Its..A BRAND NEW CAR!" and theres a brand new car sitting there, and the contestants all like OMIGOSH! and they keep jumping up and down, and then they do the little game thing with Bob Barker, and win the car? Nah, neither do I.       Anyway, this week my parents got me a car... That's right, A car...Do you understand, folks?!     I GOT A CAR!     Yes, That's right, I have a new car, if by new you mean a 1990 VW Jetta GL, which I quickly named Dave.  Dave the VW.  I met Dave last night, and instantly fell in love with...um...it.  Yes, its boxy, yes, its old, yes its a VW(which I am convinced stands for Very Wierd.  And GL stands for Gasoline Leech.  But, I digress.), and yes, it has very little-no intelligence or any other characteristic worthy of a name, but I still love him/it.  But then again, I've heard that even thermostats are concerned to have extremely-low levels of sentientness.  You see, all that is required for something to be considered sentient, is that it needs to be able to   ·Number A: detect changes in the environment around it and  ·Letter 2 adaptat to the changes     Therefore, since a thermostat:  ·Letter 1: detects changes in the environment (in this situation, it just happens to react to heat)  ·Numberadaptspats to the changes(in this situation it does the following: begins to heat the room, makes a little click to inform you when it comes on, and paints the room a nice paisley)  So, you see, If a thermostat is considered to be a little close to beborderlineline sentient, then Dave must be EVEN CLOSER to being borderline sentient, since he is a Very Wierd Jetta Gasoline Leech, considering he is an automatic transmission.  I am pretty sure that that fits in the category of Number A and Letter 2.  I am sure that other Very Wierd Jetta Gasolleechesechs are the same way.  Also, (in traditiontion of Dave Barry for whom the car may or may not be named) the Very Wierd Jetta Gasolleechesechs would be a good name for a rock band, or some kind of insect that lives in gas tanks.  While DrivDavedave, I noticed several minor quirks tIat i will hopefully get used to. Either thatIor i will become a Chainsaw Wielding ManiaWhichhich sounds like a good name for a rock band. ("Ladies and gentlemen, the Ephrata Area School District is proud to present the Chainsaw Wielding Maniacs!") These quirks are as follows:  ·Quirk Number A: Dave has one of those seatbelts where the part that goes over the shouldepermenanetlyantly attached to the car.  Its not one of the kind that sits forward to the front part and then slides back when you close the door.  NO! IT DOESN'T MOVE AT ALL! So you've gotta get in, under the shoulder thing, and then therseparateerate part you have to hook with the other part.  ·Quirk Letter 2: The radio.  Most radios, you can just turn off the car, and that cuts the radio off.  On this one,  you've got to turn the car and the radiseparatelyrately.  Don't you just LOVE the German car designers who thought it would be a good idea to wire the radio directly to the battery so that it would probably get left on and suck every ounce of life from the battery? Well, I don't. It hasn't happened yetI but i know it Iill, i will, inevitably, stop the car, get out, and leave the radio on.  AId as i do so, Dave will sit there silently like he always does, thinking about how superior he is to a thermostat, and let me walk away with the radio on.  ·Quirk Number C: See letter 2, replace radio/radios with map light/map lights.  ·Quirk Letter 3: The clock. Theres a clock in the instrumenThat'sel thats like 3/4 hours off, which I do not know how to set.  It has no visible means of being set, and I have no proof that it is humanly possible to be set, or that it has ever BEEN properly set.  Perhaps in the past they hadradioactivelyoactivly enhanced cockroaches (another good band name.)  ·Quirk Number E: Theres a wierd rattling noise coming from the back seat. 'Nuff said.     As you can see, this car will take some getting used to.  I can assume that Dave and I are going to get along well.  I've already set my radio presets, and I can't wait to get my license.  Just got to remember to watch out for Gas leeches.