"I want to see good posture--now!"  I'm a stickler for students having good posture.  I don't know why, really.  I have terrible posture myself.  But I've been saying this for so long that students have internalized it.  When I call out "good posture," I get this: spines snapped straight, folded hands on desks, feet on the floor, eyes forward.  It's an amazing sight.  But this morning, Dwight wouldn't sit straight.  I said "good posture," and he still was slumped over on the table.  I reminded him twice, but to no avail.  And that stubborn streak in me flared up.   I said "good posture," dammit, so you should be sitting up straight.  But you're just slumped over on your desk, not paying attention, even though I spent hours planning this lesson, making it as engaging as possible.  So there shouldn't be a reason why you're slumped on your desk.  And now the whole class will suffer!  Mwu-ha-ha-ha!   I can now empathize with teachers who used to bother me before.  When I was a kid, I would think,  Who cares about how we're sitting?  Just teach me something already.   Bad posture irks me.  When I look out into the classroom and students are slumped over their desks, doodling or nodding off, then I get frustrated.  Of course, students wouldn't be nodding off or doodling if my lessons were more  interesting .  Touche, inner-voice.  Tomorrow, I will have a better lesson.  We're going to be working on writing persuasive letters.  So they understand what it means to persuade--or, as Ruthie said,  talk someone into doing what you want --I'm going to pair students.  I'm going to give each pair a scenario.  For example, "Persuade them to do the Macarena."  With their partners, they're going to come up with arguments for why another pair should do the Macarena.  They'll have four minutes to come up with three reasons why the other pair should do the Macarena.  Then each pair will get to try and  persuade  the other pair to do whatever is in the scenario.  After that, we'll work on writing persuasive letters.  (I'll already have modeled the process.)  So they're writing persuasive to try and convince me to let them have some party time on Friday.  I think that will be fun.