Does anyone honestly believe that Billy Crystal is funny?    When I was a kid I thought so.  But in retrospect that had more to do with the man's almost constant identification of himself as funny.  My kid logic went like this: he tells jokes.  Jokes are funny.  Here I am laughing hysterically.  After all, if humor is reprieve from concern, a commentary on the world, then it is easy to forget that kids, despite their incomplete understanding of the world around them and relatively concern-free lives, want that reprieve too.  And they'll settle for faking it, hoping they can teach themselves to find solace in what is available.  Judging from the crowd's reactions to Crystal last night, celebrities do the same thing.    In other news,  urlLink Pedro is throwing ridiculous heat on his first mound session .  I hope his arm doesn't fall off, or that if it does, it waits until he is in a yankee uniform in 2005 to do so.  The way I imagine it, the detached arm clenches a fastball and flies with a fastball's velocity, but toward third base and the unexpecting third baseman's head.  Who will take it in the teeth?  A-Rod or Jeter?  Either is fine with me.  Then the MFYs could have their own curse, like ours with the babe's crossed bats: the curse of the dismembered asshole.  Of course, he isn't an asshole yet:  if the sox sign him, he's still a good guy.  Who among the four potential free agents should be the priority?  Pedro, PECOTA projected best pitcher in baseball through 2008 has admitted that, with market adjustments, he will likely be taking a paycut; Nomar, though PECOTA projected as the best ss of 2004, still manages to want more than he is worth.  Much as I love Tek and Lowe, I would gladly drop both of them if that's what it takes to keep Pedro and Nomar.  If I can't have both, I'd rather have either than any combination of other contracts.  And if  I really, really had to commit to one or the other, I guess I'd go with Nomar.  I think he's got more gas left in the tank.  And I like the idea of a cradle to grave player.  But I don't want to choose.  I'm sure I'll find a way to be unhappy with whatever happens.