When I was like 16 and had nothing to do on New Year's Eve, my mom once told me that New Year's Eve is the "most overrated holiday of the year."  Statement has some creedence, even if it was only said to ease the depressing heaves of sighing from an adolescent. New Year's Eve is a bitch - you spend a lot of time planning to do something, you spend way too much money, and you're usually unfulfilled in the end result. Shameful.  But then take a look at July 4th - it's a cool holiday in that it celebrates our liberation from an oppressive tyrant (insert ironic lightbulb moment here), but at the same time, it's overrated in its own sense. The thing is... your actions on July 4th mirror your development as a human being. What the hell am I talking about, you ask? Consider it: when you're younger, you spend 4th frolicing with family, extended family, and neighborhood friends. Norman Rockwell would bust a nut over it. Then, you approach college years, and you spend 4th getting pretty drunk and eating undercooked hamburgers thrown together by a guy wearing college mesh shorts (maybe that's just me). You get older, and you spend it at the pool of your apartment complex.  Even though I'm making no sense right now, let's just leave it at this: 4th of July can be pretty overrated as well.  CNN is interviewing Vanessa Kerry and trying to pump her for information on who the VP will be. Better question: when your father invokes the word "values" every 48 seconds in speeches, what exactly does he mean?   I think golf is actually more interesting to watch on television than tennis.  Spider Man 2 gives hopes for a new generation of nerd filmmakers obsessed with comic book tales, even though Sam Raimi is by no means a nerd. I mean, can't we have more comic book megamovies that explore the soul of the superhero's alter-ego, ala Spider Man 2? I don't think "Hellboy" or the shitty 1991 Captain America movie really did that. I think someone needs to make a Silver Surfer movie, and really get to the core of what makes Silver Surfer tick as a human being and a fighter of evil. I also liked Captain America back in the day; if I ever became famous, I'd write a script for a new C-America movie.    Question of the Day   Are there any attractive male rappers?