i've been looking at the weather forecast for the area, and it isn't looking good. cloudy, grey, warm-ish but quite cold...there's no way i'll be swimming in that stream tomoorow like we planned. thursday looks good though...well, if you call 23 degrees 'hot'...but it's the hottest it's going to be for like, a month. so i think we'll be taking advantage of it while it lasts. tomorrow we're going to the stream again, with swimming stuff just incase 20 degrees is warm (we must be mad) i dont intend to fall in again...infact, this time i might stay out of the water with sara...or at least paddle in the middle rather than going under the bridge where it's deep. this time i'm bringing spare clothes, incase i do fall in again (i hope i dont) all i have really done today is go on and offline, waiting for there to be someone interesting to talk to. but obviously everyone else in the world is having a fun holiday instead of being stuck at home. why does everyone seem to have better things to do than to get online and talk to me?! ah well, tomorrow we're going to the damn stream again, and we'll probably keep going there throughout this week until it gets boring. i've got to admit, the stream is fun. well, apart from when some old guy and his stupid staffie called smudge came over the bridge. that stupid dog ate all our raspberry cookies. and it ripped j's magazine. if people are going to let their dogs off their leads in public places, they should at least be trained. why do people feel the need to let their untrained dogs torment youngsters? lol. it's just silly. train your dogs, people! i mean, i like dogs and everything, they're lovely animals, but if they jump at you and bark and snarl and eat your reading material and your lunch, it isn't fair! do you see me doing that? no! because i am trained...well, just taught good old fashioned manners, but it's all the same. if i went round eating people's belongings and growling at them, not only would i be locked up in some padded cell (which would actually be quite fun) but i would also be stared at in disgust! i would be named a complete freak, and it's the same with dogs. if you're going to keep a pet, train the thing before you let it loose on innocent by-standers. being mauled by some crazy, out of control hairball is not my idea of fun. there's a difference between a friendly animal and a down-right crazy animal. that's my rant for the day anyway. lol.