the appropriate song for now would be  happy holiday  by  cheeky girls , but i think i'll stick to this song by  lene marlin -- unforgivable sinner  here are the lyrics:   Kinda lose your sense of time 'Cause the days don't matter no more All the feelings that you hide Gonna tear you up inside You hope she knows you tried  Follows you around all day And you wake up soaking wet 'Cause between this world and eternity There is a face you hope to see  You know where you've sent her You should know where you are You're trying to ease off But you know you won't get far And now she's up there Sings like an angel But you can't hear those words And now she's up there Sings like an angel Unforgivable Sinner  You've been walking around in tears No answers are there to get You won't ever be the same Someone cries and you're to blame  Struggling with a fight inside Sorrow you'll defeat The picture you see it won't disappear Not unpleasant dreams or her voice you hear  You know where you've sent her You should know where you are You're trying to ease off But you know you won't get far And now she's up there Sings like an angel But you can't hear those words And now she's up there Sings like an angel Unforgivable Sinner  Maybe one time lost But now you're found Stand right up before You hit the ground Maybe one time lost But now you're found Stand right up before You hit the ground - hit the ground  You know where you've sent her You should know where you are You're trying to ease off But you know you won't get far And now she's up there Sings like an angel But you can't hear those words And now she's up there Sings like an angel Unforgivable Sinner    i know the english is a bit funny, but her songs are all like that...but pay attention to the music...its one of those feel good guitar tracks...worth a listen! yes, and from the title, u would have guessed that the  starbucks  coupon i'm holding from the  8 days magazine is valid until 13 june...so i'm really happy abt it i swam 20 laps just now, so i hope to catch a good sleep for tomorrow's social studies remedial with  mr. sham ... noticed that all my posts have titles now? i spent a hell lot of time putting on the titles, so u better appreciate it! haha just joking... i went to parkway just now and checked out mph...saw a really funny looking guy at the food court cause he looked younger than me from behind, but he had a visible mustache when he turned around, and he had armpit hair! u may not know what i mean, but u have to see him first...it was a weird sight, but the guy looked pretty ok otherwise, clad in a singlet, and he was caucasian, so, ya... pls pray for isaac, he's been so grouchy today, and he has been in the worst of moods today, even though he has been spoilt so much, but i guess i need to pray for him...u guys can help too i will edit some posts now and add song lyrics to them, so check'em out!!  until neggz tym!