Listening to: the traffic outside Mood: tired, hurt and thoughtful    It's in the weirdest of places that I get inspired; was in the café with my colleague today and was just hit by the most powerful words.  Words that convey what I think of the world, what I believe to be true about certain people and the way I see others! And then the most overwhelming image came to my mind... so I wrote this:    I stare in awe as lightning strikes and  I see the beginnings of rain in a single crystalline droplet,  quick silver in the shadowy moonlight.  Such beauty!  Such sweet despair! What ecstasy it is to see those silver drops glimmering in the night.  Every drop a shimmering hope lost,  a dream lost to the wind. And yet rain continues to fall  every drop sparkling in the waning light.  Many hopes dashed lost to the world.  Yet on it comes, ceaselessly.  All those tears, dreams that have ceased to live,  shall my dreams be next to fall from the sky,  will my hopes be dashed, I cry. As the droplets of liquid crystal fall from the heavens all I can do is cry.  For these glimmering droplets are reflections of my sorrow.  These single droplets are all that I have.  They are beauty, life, spirit and they are all within me.  Yet those droplets are yet single, alone, as I am.  Alone in this pain filled world.  Those droplets are my only relief, my only escape from this hapless world.  I am tired of this consuming pain, this sickening sorrow.  Yet what can be done?  Just as the rain continues to fall down upon me I shall go on.  Just as the sun continues to rise, I will endure the lies.  Life has never been easy. Yet when shall this pain end?  When shall this abysmal darkness cease?      And I must be feeling inspired tonight because as I was driving home, frases and words were being played in my mind for this next piece:    When my silence is loud Lost in the roar of ocean waves It is only that I am listening  Following the tracks of echoes  That have led me to this shore  Swirling within the mist of me Are mysteries that fail to submit To the limitations of mere language Though their defiance is perplexing It is not without resolution As I redirect my focus within  With eyes closed and lips sealed My unfathomable depths  Are projected above the waves So you may see what I feel What my voice fails to convey The true colors of my dreams Splashed upon the dawn of night     But that's it for tonight folks. To be honest, I don't want to even touch upon what I'm feeling right now. I need to ignore my emotions for a while because otherwise they'll boil over and all hell will break loose.   To all of you who have shown support (you know who you are), I thank you with all my heart.