Seven Deadly Sins  name (just so we all know): Kevin  WRATH  1. Who did you last get angry with? it was either my brother or mom  2. What is your weapon of choice? candlestick (got a lot of candles here)  3. Would you hit a member of the opposite sex? depends on how ugly they are  4. How about of the same sex? nah men aren't worth it  5. Who was the last person who got really angry at you? Ambur in the van  6. What is your pet peeve? People with conspiracy theories  7. Do you keep grudges, or can you let them go easily? I try not to keep them because then you can't be open with the other person.  SLOTH  1. What is one thing you're supposed to do daily that you haven't done in a long time? listen to my mom  2. What is the latest you've ever woken up? noon  3. Name a person you've been meaning to contact, but haven't: nobody  4. What is the last lame excuse you made? "I'm eating"  5. Have you ever watched an infomercial all the way through (one of the long ones...)? yes  6. When was the last time you got a good workout in? saturday  7. How many times do you usually hit the snooze button? once  GLUTTONY  1. What is your overpriced yuppie beverage of choice? Pepsi  2. Meat eater? yes  3. What is the greatest amount of alcohol you've had in one sitting/outing/event? if it was cooked into food, then maybe maybe I got a little itty bit of alcohol but i don't drink  4. Have you ever used a professional diet company? lol i laugh at those  5. Do you have an issue with your weight? ya I need to gain some  6. Do you prefer sweets, salty foods, or spicy foods? doesn't matter  7. Have you ever looked at a small house pet or child and thought, "LUNCH"? No but I looked at a hot woman and thought "LUNCH"  LUST  1. How many people have you seen naked (not counting movies/family)? gym locker room  2. How many people have seen YOU naked (not counting physicians/family)? once again gym locker room  3. Have you ever caught yourself staring at the chest/crotch of a member of your gender of choice during a normal conversation? only if something disturbing is happening  4. Have you "done it"? no  5. What is your favorite body part on a person of your gender of choice?? i like a nice smile and a nice stomach  6. Have you ever been propositioned by a prostitute? lol does hartman count?  7. Have you ever had to get tested for an STD or pregnancy? once again...does hartman count?  GREED  1. How many credit cards do you own? none  2. What's your guilty pleasure store? spencer's gifts  3. If you had $1 million, what would you do with it? hold onto it  4. Would you rather be rich, or famous? famous...the rich are awful  5. Would you accept a boring job if it meant you would make megabucks? no  6. Have you ever stolen anything? yes  7. How many MP3s are on your hard drive? thousands...i have movies illegally downloaded like animal house too  PRIDE  1. What's one thing have you done that you're most proud of? i made myself meet someone this year  2. What's one thing have you done that your parents are most proud of? i think they are happy i'm a thespian  3. What thing would you like to accomplish in your life? i want to be an actor and sometimes I dream about making the world a better place  4. Have you ever entered a contest of skill, knowing you were of much higher skill than all the other competitors? ya spelling bee  5. Have you ever cheated on something to get a higher score? of course  6. What did you do today that you're proud of? nothing cause I was cranky from gettin home late (so pretty much i am ready for a new day right now)  ENVY  1. What item (or person) of your friends' would you most want to have for your own?  Item: i'll take josh hall's PDA  Person: shoot i don't know  2. Who would you want to go on "Trading Spaces" with? ya if it was called "Wasting Spaces", i would take anybody from stage crew 3. If you could be anyone else in the world, who would you be? nick lachey  4. Have you ever been cheated on? maybe but it happens  5. Have you ever wished you had a physical feature different from your own? like do i want titties? this is confusing...i don't need anything else on my body  6. What inborn trait do you see in others that you wish you had for yourself? the ability to naturally attract ladies (granted i am pretty good but u know... i'm like a 5.5 and there's those 10s who u wish would help out)  7. Do you wish you'd come up with this survey? no someone would complain to me about it  8. Finally, what is your favorite deadly sin? lust... (until you can love u gotta have a substitute)