STUDY WARNS AGAINST ELECTRONIC VOTING  http://www.washtimes.com/metro/20030724-102543-4946r.htm  WASHINGTON TIMES -  An electronic voting system used in some states and  marketed across the nation is so flawed that it could be manipulated  easily, computer security researchers concluded in a study released  yesterday. The study found "significant security flaws" with the system  designed by Diebold Election Systems. The system was vulnerable to  unscrupulous voters, as well as "insiders such as poll workers, software  developers and even janitors," who could cast multiple votes without a  trace, the study reported.   The system allows ballots to be cast on a 15-inch touch-screen monitor.  "I don't think it can be done right now this way," said which was the  first review of the software by independent computer security  researchers. Mike Jacobsen, a spokesman for the North Canton, Ohio-based  company, declined to comment in detail about the study until company  officials had more time to review it. But he said the company's systems  "pass rigorous certification tests at the federal and state governmental  levels." "However, we welcome the opportunity to work with credible  organizations, including Johns Hopkins, to continue to improve and  strengthen the security of our systems," Mr. Jacobsen said. Mr. Jacobsen  also said the software analyzed in the study was about a year old, and  problems with it may have been fixed.   [Avi Rubin of Johns Hopkins University, a lead researcher on the study]  said a secure electronic system would require a different methodology  and there was no quick fix for the current software. "You would have to  start over," he said. Rebecca Mercuri, an independent consultant who  specializes in studying electronic vote tabulation, said the report  raises questions about the security of electronic voting systems. But  widespread manipulation of the system described in the study was "highly  unlikely," she said. "There would have to be a massive violation,  systematically, of a huge amount of protocols, for this to take place,"  Miss Mercuri said.   Mr. Rubin said a glaring weakness in the system is a lack of a  verifiable audit trail that could be used to double-check voting  results. "I think they need to have paper trails, and I don't think  these kinds of machines should be used for voting," he said. The study  also concluded the system was vulnerable to a group or foreign  government wanting to influence an election.   The findings were based on a July study of the computer code used in the  voting system. The code was posted anonymously on the Internet. The  results are significant, Mr. Rubin said, as cities and states consider  computer-screen voting as an alternative to punch-card ballots that  governments decided to replace after problems during the 2000  presidential election.   Last year, about 33,000 Diebold voting stations were used in elections  in Maryland, Georgia, California and Kansas and other locations. Diebold  reached an agreement this month with Maryland to provide up to $55.6  million in voting technology, expanding the use of touch screens from  four counties to the rest of the state.   Mr. Rubin said he planned to urge state officials not to use the system.  "You guys just bought something that doesn't work," Mr. Rubin said he  planned to tell Maryland election officials. "Go get a refund."   For the study, three researchers from the Johns Hopkins Information  Security Institute and a computer scientist at Rice University analyzed  tens of thousands of lines of programming code. . . The researchers said  a voter easily could bring a specially programmed counterfeit card to  the polls and use it to cast multiple votes. Bogus cards could be made  by a 15-year-old computer enthusiast and sold for various amounts of  money depending on the number of votes it would enable a person to cast,  researchers said. The system also was susceptible to poll workers who  wanted to alter ballots, the study concluded.