I have given up on the whole link thing. I tried to do what Jo said but it seems to not work with me. Am I that stupid?  I walked up the hill this morning, a sweating, smelly beast, lumbering into the teacher's room. By 8:30AM I wondered why in the hell I even bothered to take a shower.  I also had to go back to my apartment today to have the owner of my apartment check it out. It was just to make sure I hadn't had any wild parties and burned the tatami, or that I wasn't hiding a refugee in the broom closet. Regardless, the owner said all was clear. I went with my supervisor. I am thinking he has some sort of split personality. Sometimes he is super nice. He can be really friendly. Another day, he is distracted, not as friendly, and really distant. I wonder, at these times, if i somehow offended him. It is quite unnerving.  I have some really good news to share. My parents broke down and they bought a dog. I think it was for me. I was talking to my dad on the phone last night when I heard some tiny 'ruff ruffs!' I asked my dad what that was. He said, uh, the neighbor's dog. Since I am aware that the neighbor's dog is around 70lbs, unless he had some private parts cut off, that was not that dog. So my dad broke down and told me. Yay!!! He is a puppy! I can't wait to meet him.  Isn't that a heartfelt moment? Last night, I had dinner with my illegal private class. They had this awesome dinner and gave me some big gifts...which I can't take home. It is more than some people gave me at this school so I am thinking I should have given them something more. Isn't that how it always works out? Like, I should have gave the super nice tie I bought for my supervisor and used that money to buy something that theywould really appreciate? My supervisor gave me a really blank stare when I gave him the tie, like what in the hell is this? I don't know if it is that he doesn't understand the concept of gifts or thankfulness, maybe he needs to watch the ABC special on being  thankful that is on on Thanksgiving. Damn, I wish I could go back in time.