Where does all the time go? Just a month ago, I was a month out of school, so blissfully bored and useless. Now, I have thirteen days to finish my math packet, and try to finish two good-sized books. I hope I can do it.  I got my backpack today. You know it's back to school when you have a backpack all ready. God, I can't believe that in four years, I am going to be plucked from my little safe haven, my  bubble  for God's sake, and just dropped over one of the many colleges in this country. I really give props to the college students who get the college they want, etc. It looks like one logistical and financial disaster. It's funny, you never really realize how much trouble an education can be. . . It's like an accident on the highway. All you hear are horror stories about them, and you say to yourself, "Wow. But that would never happen to me."  College, college, college, college, college. Where do I want to go? I've told my mom that I want to go out into a city . . . which one I don't know. I've always had a dream of going somewhere like UCLA or Harvard, or some other school. And now when I'm a little more reasonable, seeing that unless I get one heckuva scholarship, I really won't be able to afford it. Well I've got one thing on my side. My money. I bet that forty-five percent of the money I have now (right now, at age fourteen) will be used for my college education. . . I never spend my money, which can be a gift  and  a curse, I guess.  Well, changing gears a little. In the past week or so, I've realized to things: A) I'm am seriously thinking of wanting to be a writer for my profession (if I can make it, that is) and B) I want to go on Teen Jeopardy. I know, I know, two totally different things. For the first one, it just feels right. I like writing, and I'm good at it, I think, people say so (except Jon Balanoff, who thinks I'm bad at creative writing. I'll show him). I just don't know what I would take in college for that. Or which college to go to, for that matter. Would it be like one of those liberal arts schools or something like that? Or can you go to a university and get qualified there?  The other part, about Teen Jeopardy, is that I'd  like  to be on it. I watched the teen semi-finals yesterday and I knew a lot of the answers, sometimes when the high school seniors on the show didn't. It would be a good way to get exposure, and for people to notice me, and to raise money for college. It would be fun too. I think our culture should put more importance on competitions like this, that showcase the young mind and knowledge, proving that we aren't just beer-drinking, pot-smoking, ecstasy-snorting, rebellious teenagers. Some of us can do amazing things, and everyone's vision is clouded by the stories they see everyday on the news. There are good-teens and bad-teens, just like everything else. Those "surver-makers" who are just trying to make awareness better are part of the problem too. I understand they are just doing their job, but seriously their  jobs  have come back and bit teenagers in the butt. Now everyone's like, "Oh my God, it's a teenager, give him a drug test!" As I said before, not all of us do drugs and drink.  Back to Teen Jeopardy. I could raise a lot of money for myself and my education, and that's something good. Other than the problem of how to get to some big city to audition, there's really nothing to lose.  Wow, that was a big post. I'll write again as soon as possible. Later.  John    "Time and time again we fall in to the depths of who we are    But you can't keep running away from what you're trying to find"    -- Chronic Future, Time and Time Again