I'm sitting here writing this offline, here, in my study with my computer, just writing.  Offline!  This is because, to my infinite and long-lasting annoyance and irritance, my mother has gone out to fetch my brother from his school trip (fair enough,) and consequently I am unable to go online and do what I want (namely, talk to Becca for about the penultimate occasion before summer school and download and tinker with MSWLogo) until mum decides that it is nice to phone home and tell us that she exists and is on her way home. Fuck. That's not very nice. She's home now and missed the stage of phoning. What a stupid fucking, fucking bitch. I hate her -.- She's so bloody annoying. I just connected, and now she want me to get  offline  again just so that she can phone: “No, I'm not waiting” “Why the bloody hell not I just waited for 50 minutes for you to phone and you didn't I?” It's so bloody annoying. ARRGGHH!  Oh for fucks sake, now the person that she just phoned was out anyway, and she said “phone back when you come back”. Well, she won't get through, I'm going to be sitting here on the computer talking to Becca for as absolutely long as possible; and hammer the keyboard (especially the carriage return key) as hard as possible so that hopefully dad will shout at me and I can shout back at him. It's so bloody annoying. I haven't talked to Becca online for a few days now either, and probably won't tomorrow nor from Sunday onwards for two whole smegging weeks. But then at least after that we'll be totally together for a week :D. I simply cannot wait for that. Reffering to your blog by the way, the thing looked different because they upgraded all the stuff – whereas before you had a basic HTML editor that you could put simple HTML code into, it's now just a fancy text one that makes all of the HTML for itself. You can still write it as you did before though, though I doubt that you will :P. I'm writing this as HTML in a a text editor, cant be bothered to put it into the blog thing yet. Pleh.   I need food, there were a tube of Starburst hanging around somewhere that I may be tempted to pinch on occasion. Ohh! I've nearly downloaded  urlLink MSWLogo  now, I found it yesterday when we were using the computers in maths and spent the whole lesson immersed in childhood memories of using WinLOGO at primary school and me and Jason were amazing at all, and drew all of these cool and fancy patterns. And there was that bicycle that we found in the examples – that was pretty amazing. I always remember being intimidated by it thinking “Cool! How does that work?”   I'm a lot less annoyed now, which is certainly good. I think all of that talking to Becca that I have done so far must have some beneficial, relaxing, therapeutic properties that are working their wonders on me :). I'm even less hungry. Might pop downstairs for a drink and something to eat though. Got MSWLogo installed! Though I don't have to time at the second to tinker with it, it certainly gives me something fun to do whilst I'm not allowed online. Such as when I'm doing homework for example.   Only half a day left of school! :D. Must go...