While speaking to a guy friend, I was able to process some things.  Therapy doesn't work for me.  My therapy is talking to a friend or writing in my journal (paper and pen variety) and rereading it once the event has passed.  I learn from reflecting on my past.  I've often said that some of my happiest moments are those when I reflect on an experience after the lesson has been learned.  My guy friend and I were discussing my current relationship.  We've been friends for about three years now, so he has seen them come and go.  To be honest, he was once an admirer of mine as well.  I continue to be in his top five!  So anyway, as I was talking about falling prey to a carnivore I realized that I had made a promise to myself long ago to never be the victim again.  I would never again be naive with my eyes shut to the world.  I would never again think to myself, "Why can't I be good enough for him or her?"  I would begin asking the question, "Is he or she good enough for me?"  I would no longer "work" with someone.  I would no longer settle for less than exactly what I deserved and wanted.  What's wrong with that?  Nothing at all.  What is wrong is that it has become extreme.  I am no longer the victim, but I have become the abuser.  I have not accepted the faults of others.  I do not see myself as ever being guilty or to blame.  It's always the other person and not me.  Some of that is also my father at work.  My father has long told me that it's not  me  but the other person.  Think the movie,  Clueless.   Now, think the conversation between father and Cher when he tells her that someone must be crazy to not be crazy about his beautiful daughter.  It hasn't helped that my love interests, both male and female, have always been the willing victims.  I realized this last night as I spoke to T.  My partners have loved (more like adoration) me to point of just falling short of worship.  I have been put on pedestal after pedestal.  They have accepted me as I am and have not asked that I change.  The only thing that they have required of me is that I "be all theirs and only theirs."  Including my guy friend.  During the course of our conversation, he said that he understands that I am "diva and will treat me as such."  He and others had no problem accomodating me.  I didn't demand it.  It's just the way it was.  So naturally since no one expected more of me up until this point in my life, I remained the wealthy landowner and my lovers were my serfs.  Going back to the victim/abuser thing, I viewed this arrangement as my reward and right.  I felt I had turned things around from the one terribly sour relationship that I had.  Hell yeah I felt that I'm worth it!  After everyone has inflated me, my girl has deflated me.  Years and years of worshiping false gods (namely me) and now I am to feel equal and be thoughtful of someone else's needs.  It's about time!  I am not angry or disappointed.  I am grateful for each and every lesson God and spirit has for me to learn.  It's all a part of the process.  If I am who I believe that I am (a spiritualist now that I have a name for my "religion") and what I claim to be (a sensitive, a budding medium) then I understand that this is earth school and I'm here to learn!