Hey…  Right now I’m in fifth period and I’m writing this on a piece of paper first (as a rough copy because I don’t have a computer handy right now…). Right now I’m in my Civics class and I can hardly believe that earlier in the semester we were talking about not putting others down. About three minutes ago the teacher was making fun of some students in the class. I mean it was funny at the time, but now you can see the hurt in their faces. One of the popular girls in school that I see a lot always seems to have a smile on until she comes into this classroom and gets picked on by the teacher. Even now he (the teacher) is making fun of one of the shorter people in the class.  Here in Civics class we are talking about our personal platforms, or what we believe in and who we are. I don’t know who I am yet, or what I believe in, all I know is that I know that I’m myself and that, right now, I fully believe in myself.  My teacher makes a very good point on September 11th though. When 9/11 happened, the whole country changed its point of view. We can’t stop people from strapping bombs to themselves and going out and blowing up a building. We can’t stop other terrorist attacks because we don’t know when they are going to happen. Before 9/11 we were never afraid of going on a plain because we thought someone might take over the plain and send us crashing into a building. But now that something bad has happened, we proceed with caution and careful decisions. Most parents worry about what type of world we (us children) will grow up into. I couldn’t agree more. I mean I don’t know when the next terrorist attack will happen, but I know that it  will  happen. When I think about us not being able to stop these terrorists, I get this mental picture in my head of all of the houses, schools, businesses, and buildings up in flames and the whole country, the whole world, dark. I can imagine how only the toughest of people, or the luckiest, will survive. I find it pretty sad that our world might just turn out like that one day if we keep resorting to violence in order to settle our differences.  …Hold on, got to switch classes…  …Okay, pencil sharpened and I’m in my next class. I’m going to get off the other topic now because if I continue on then I will be writing about war all day.  Anyways, right now I’m in English class and we are supposed to be reading The Hobbit. I really hate that book! I don’t even know why it’s a required book. I mean; the only reason why it is required is because the teacher likes it, but just because he does, doesn’t mean that the rest of the class will as well! I personally hate it so much that I stopped reading at chapter two. It really doesn’t matter anyways because no matter what I do in English, I could never get my grade passing before the end of the year. English has to be one of the hardest classes that I have ever taken because my teacher doesn’t give us any other chances to make up our grade so if we fail something, the only direction that our grade could go is down.  Heh, okay I’m getting off of that topic… You know what is sort-of funny? One of my old friends tried to be taller than me today so she wore these huge high-healed shoes. She came up to me and told me to stand next to her so she could see if she was taller than me. When I stood next to her she was still about 3 inches shorter than I was. I felt better than I initially did, but I tried not to make her feel bad because I know how it can be when someone really tall walks past and it makes you  feel  short. I hope she doesn’t feel too bad…  I wonder if anyone else had cared for me as much as I care for other people. I mean, I don’t care for others as much as I should, but I care a lot more than most people now days, which doesn’t say all that much for the people that are living n this world, or at least the vast majority of the people anyways. I would do almost anything for a friend though. I don’t ever remember having a  true  friend that I could just  talk  to, you know? I mean, most people that were my friends just saw how (somewhat) caring/nice I am and latched on for a free ride while I was stuck carrying all of their weight. I mean, I don’t mind carrying other people’s weight and talking to them about their problems, but its just when they are just  using  me to make themselves feel better and not giving one hint of gratitude in return, that I start to get fed up with it and push them away. It seems like the one good friend that I had wouldn’t open up at all so we drifted apart that way. It’s weird how that works, huh?  Anyways I’m going to get off that topic because it’s rather depressing. But I’m going to go type this up at home so you can read it (like you are now), so, Bye!