I have been feeling really crappy recently. All of my friends are having problems and are being pains about a lot of things. I can't really complain because I have been doing it too. I have the perfect job this summer and things how I want them, excluding my car/driving issues but I feel so miserable. I am going to the doctor for it today or tomorrow, which means me having to switch my ish out  (ONCE AGAIN!!!)  so that maybe I can get my ish straightened out!!!! Well, last night was awesome. I went out with Annenenenenenenenenen and we had a lotta fun. We got all wet from playing in the water in downtown Winston and it relieved a lot of stress from me. It was one of the best times that I have had in a while.  I'm peacing out, Much love. Pray for me.  "I Will Play My Game Beneath the Spin Light"  The time has come for colds and overcoats.  We're quiet on the ride,  we're all just waiting to get home.  Another week away, my greatest fear.  I need the smell of summer,  I need its noises in my ears.  If looks could really kill,  then my profession would staring.  Please know we do this cause we care  and not for the thrill.  Collect calls to home  to tell them that I realize  that everyone who lives will someday die  and die alone.   And we won't let you in.  Though we're down and out.  We won't let you in. You win.   I wrote more postcards than hooks.  I read more maps than books.  Feel like every chance to leave  is another chance I should have took.  Every minute is a mile.  I've never felt so hollow.  I'm an old abandoned church with broken pews  and empty aisles.  My secrets for a buck.  Watch me as I cut myself wide open  on this stage. Yes, I am paid  to spill my guts. I won't see home till spring. Oh, I would kill for the Atlantic,  but I am paid to make girls panic  while I sing.   And we won't let you in.  Though we're down and out.  We won't let you in.  And we won't let you in.  We don't want what isn't ours.  We won't let you in.  You win.   And the coastline is quiet.  While we're quietly losing control.  Yes, we're silent but sure  we inventened the cure  that will wash out my memories of her.  "The harpoon is loaded. The cage is lowered.  The water is red."  Like you.