I've been thinking, and well I realized how everyone's lives that are important to me in some aspect is associated with the eighth grade. Back in the day with Mr. Rowland, Mr. Eckstrom, and Mrs. Frye constantly spazzing out at us. I miss those days, guys. I keep thinkinh about how happy I was back then, and now I'm miserable.   Old (well, fifteen) and miserable. Alone too. Actually, the alone part I chose, but I guess I don't have to be alone if I truly didn't want to be. Stalker and Fransico are so both willingly to "free" me from my chain of elusiveness. If Cesar can't do it, they can't do it. My mind is so oddly tormented by the fear of making the mistake of choosing the wrong person.   My personality change comes from the eighth grade too. In fact, I noticed almost everyone else's did too. It just progressed, and transcribed itself into our daily lives. Our own shallowness, and weaknesses surface. What makes us who we are now seems so.. surreal. I'm close to tears, as I write this. Why? It all boils down to what/who we meet that can truly affect us.   I think there hasn't been an influential person in my life since that time period, and it's left me feeling drained and empty inside. I feel like exploding inside half the time. Maybe that where my anger comes from, I'm not sure.   When your world breaks down, you can't just simply pick yourself up. No matter what, the scars are there. Hidden, or seen I'm still so unsure of the way things are now. It adds on how much Cesar reminds me of Rory. Monday- I finally saw Rory for the first time in forever. Like, a long really good look at him. He used to make me happy, like Cesar did/does. I don't know, but that affected my entire state of mind. It made me rethink some of my actions. Maybe, just maybe, it had to do with the fact since that day I've wanted to cry everytime I see Cesar.   He's not who I thought he was. He pulled off a whole fucking charade with me. For once in my goddamn life, I felt stupid. I ignored the warning signs, the cautions, every little thing. Why did I break my own rule? I'm still confused as how he makes me start to hyperventilate one second, and the next make me repulse him.  When he's near, I want to die. It's not the happy feeling anymore. It died. I killed it, because I decided to wake up, and smell the coffee. Plus, the old feeling of longing returns. He doesn't fit in with the crowd. He'd probably miss every damn sarcastic joke I ever make, or everything for that matter. He's dense, stupid, and I still want him. Har, I contradict myself so bad.   School work piles on, and all the teachers drone about getting your act together. My mind drifts away, thinking about writing a lot lately. Linh made me think on Thursday. I had so much fun that night. Shooting hoops (which I made a lot, by the way :D!), chowing down on pizza, and just having a good talk. I was  enjoying  myself. Then I had to go home, and do so much work, I almost cried. I got  five  hours of sleep. Woke up at 5:58 AM only to start another painful day. The day seemed depressing. I spent most of the time just talking about SAD, and randomness with Jolanda. I guess, sometimes I seem happy, but I'm not. Ugh.  I'm so mixed up about everything. I want to scream and kick at the world. I want to break down crying. Instead, I bottle up everything inside....