It is very unpleasant to spend the middle of the night in the pediatric ward of the emergency room.  I should say to begin with that everyone is ok, but the experience is most unpleasant.  I feel guilty for all the firecrackers, bb-guns, assaults and plummets of my own childhood.  I realize the cause of aging, and why parents have a characteristic that allows them to be recognized from a distance.    I will say again, that everyone is ok.  The designer of the cat-scan did not anticipate the needs of parents or 10 month-old infants.  The device consists of an aluminum trough that is covered with a sheet and slides along a rail where the patient lies.  At one end is a gigantic steel donut that is plastered all over with warning labels in various languages.  In the center of the donut is an x-ray camera that follows a track set in to the inner surface of the device.  It makes a whooshing noise as it goes and there are several flasing lights on it's surface.  The trough is designed for a 7 foot 400 pound man so positioning a 10 month old is something of a challenge; particularly with all the screaming, thrashing and crying.  The nurse brings out a device that looks like a small surfboard that has a vest glued to it's top surface.  It is one size fits all and adjustments for the baby are accomplished by wrapping him in enough layers of blankets so the vest fits snugly--at least he is rendered immobile and the tips of his hands protrude through the arm-holes.  All of this takes approximately 3 days.  Meanwhile only one parent is allowed in the room, so one parent has to wait outside while listening to the crying and not knowing what is going on.  Being outside is like something from Abu Ghraib.  The test was merely the highpoint of the evening.  A few grace notes:  The 3 hour wait at the doctor's office prior to going to the hospital.  Overhearing the triage nurse getting chewed out for ignoring a head trauma.  Trying to get the baby to sleep in 3 separate waiting rooms only to have him wakened for temperature and blood pressure tests whenever the feat was accomplished.  Having to squat like a catcher for extended periods to position my son for breast feeding since no provision was made for breast feeding in the pediatric ward of the doctor's office or the hospital.  Getting contradictory instructions from hospital staff.  Long periods of anxiety.  I learned a couple of things: While I can act cool, speak low and slow and generally seem to be the one who can keep his head when everyone around me is losing theirs, in the midst of a crisis I can't handle a pen--the hospital admittance documents look like they were filled in during an earthquake.  Likewise, I realized that as I was holding my son for nursing and as my wife sort of collapsed on my shoulder that it was no longer sufficient to pretend to be grown-up; that people were depending on me in a really scary and real way.  I learned that a bump to the head of a baby learning to crawl is generally not considered very serious at the doctor's office, vomiting that starts the next day is taken pretty seriously indeed.  It turns out to be a coincident strike of indigestion, but it made for a memorable week-end.  The cause of all this is still storming around on all fours, fearless, inquisitive and independent.  I've never been more scared.