urlLink Learning about the Human Genome. Part 1: Challenge to Science Educators. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by David Haury.   It looks at ways to teach the human genome in science education.  From the ERIC Digest:  We have reached a new milestone in our quest to understand ourselves. On February 15, 2001, the International Human Genome Sequencing Consortium published a landmark report: "Initial sequencing and analysis of the human genome" ("Nature," Vol. 409). As I thumb through the maps of human chromosomes presented in the report, I am both amazed and humbled by the accomplishment. The international collaboration of specialists in computing, mathematics, molecular genetics, technology, and other sciences to accomplish this task and usher us into the modern era of biotechnology has been extraordinary. At the same time, the potential consequences of using the resulting information and skills are humbling. "We've now got to the point in human history where for the first time we are going to hold in our hands the set of instructions to make a human being." John Sulston, UK Sanger Centre (For more reactions, see: http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/sci/tech/newsid_807000/807126.stm).    Decoding the human genome brings new meaning to "the information age." In a few short years we have progressed beyond creating digital books and encircling the globe with the World Wide Web to documenting the full text of the genetic code that describes how to assemble and operate a human being. We may not yet know how to interpret all the text, let alone follow the recipe, but it is being recorded in full detail on the Web for anyone in the world to see. From the perspective of digital information, this is the book of human life, and decoding it is a phenomenal accomplishment of scientific thinking and our creative use of technology. The only thing more astounding is that this genetic recipe has been stored, read, and translated by every nucleated cell in every human that has ever lived.    But what are we to make of it? Presented here are some initial ideas about what high school students and informed parents can learn about the human genome. First, a few words about the source of recent findings. On October 1, 1990, a project-the Human Genome Project (HGP)-aimed at mapping and sequencing the entire genetic code of humans began. Funding of the project in the United States has been provided by the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Department of Energy, with the goal of sequencing the entire human genome within 15 years. Due to advances in technology and vigorous competition, the project is currently well ahead of schedule and costing less than anticipated. A guide to the project and its accomplishments to date has been edited by Dennis and Gallagher (2001), and the rich context of events and issues leading up the project have been provided by Bishop and Waldholz (1999). A response to the ramifications-from interpreting the past to considering the future-of the HGP has been contributed by Ridley (1999). These and other authors characterize the accomplishments of the HGP as more than a momentous achievement; rather, the sequencing of the human genome is viewed as the beginning of a revolution in knowledge.