Hokay, so... I need to lose weight.  Specifically, I need to lose about 50-60 pounds.   (Current official digital weight of 216 lbs, or almost 100 kilos.)  I'm pushing toward a size 16 and most of my good clothes are 12's, which affects my budget as well as my appearance.    The first positive step was quitting Mullen so I can spend more time on my bike and less time in the car.  The second step was signing up for a nutrition/weight loss study at the University of Colorado Health Science Center.  The study is testing a new soluble fiber drink (from the makers of Splenda) that will be released on the market in spring 2005.  This is a double-blind study to see if consuming this fiber drink decreases appetite and makes it easier to stay on a reduced-calorie diet.  Test subjects (us pudgy guinea pigs) will be put on a low-cal diet by a nutritionist, and then drink the fiber twice a day.  Nobody knows how much fiber they are getting, or if they are drinking the placebo (no fiber).  The doctors will analyze our diets and current eating habits, then calculate the amount of calories we need to consume per day.  They are adhering to a formula so that (in theory) we will all lose weight at the same rate.  Guinea pigs have to attend six weeks of a diet/exercise class, sort of like Weight Watchers.  I probably won't learn anything new, but I'm treating it like a required college class: pay attention, take notes, see if you can ace all the tests.  The class will include weigh-ins and collection of our food diaries.  We are also going to be given a pedometer and told to walk for exercise.  That part should be the easiest, since I'm currently alternating running days (3-5 miles) and biking days (10-15 miles).  I'm trying to steadily increase distances, in the hope of running a marathon sometime before my birthday in April.  (I promised myself I'd run a marathon by the time I was 40.  I say it still counts if I do it before 41.)  The diet time frame is 5 months, with a projected weight loss of 2-3 pounds per week if all goes well.  So I should be able to wear my clothes again by Xmas.  The down side: the diet is probably going to be 1000-1200 calories per day.  That means that eating out, including sushi, will be forbidden until the study is over.  If I don't get a teaching job soon, I'll need that restaurant money to pay for things like health insurance anyway.  Oh, I almost forgot.  Because we are devoting lots of time to this study, we get paid.  That's right, instead of shelling out bucks to Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers or whomever, the company marketing this new product is paying us $600 each to test it.  Get paid to diet... whoda thunk?