Throwing darts in other's eyes   Just needed to start with a lyric because... yes! I'm back! After far too many (three) internet-less days, I am back and alive and kicking, hoping to write as many endless reams into this humble blog as take my fancy to. It's not 1955 and I have a whole hour left alone with the computer, during which I can preform ny usual rituals involving webcams, NAGTY forums and talking to Becca, Khyle and Helen, and its always Becca ;). Well... it's been a long and a short week, starting immediately after my previous blog with a thursday evening spent packing and looking for things, specifically my Playstation case for holding CDs in. I spent an hour looking for it before mum pointed out that it was on the desk in the study -.-. Umm... woke up on Friday morning at about the normal time for waking up on a Friday morning. After Ben had vanished into school (ner-ner) me and dad left to go to Katy's house, got there about when we expected to get there really. Looked at her dad's DVD collection for a short time (I muse attest to the fact that it is  huge ) before whizzing off with her dad up to Coventry. We got there about 40 minutes before the earliest time as well, which provided me with ample opportunity to snatch a three satchets of vinegar, ketchup and brown sauce when we stopped at the Tesco cafe just over the road from the science park (where NAGTY HQ is) in order to get a drink. I still have them as well. In my room... We arrived there at the same time as Katie, and not too long after Azure. Talked briefly before the people arrived from the train (being, as ever, late.) A few people there that I'd never met before as well (it was a shame that a few people couldn't make it,) there was Katie, Sarah (my child), Dani, Esther and Steven. It was a very good council meeting actually. We actually raised (I think,) a number of points that it appeared the staff hadn't really thought about, and there was a pretty amazing idea raised by Esther regarding some intricate and complicated project by which we could aid third world countries and those that are not so advantaged as us generally. I might be able to post the minutes on here if that we really necessary, they are simply in a small word file at the moment. After the meeting itself (of which there isn't much point writing much about on here,) we all went (after lunch, naturally,) out bowling to the Coventry megabowl, which was a suprising distance away. After we had eventually got the barriers up, I didn't do too badly, though not too well either. In total, five academy staff somehow managed to blag the afternoon off in order to "look after us" whilst there ;). They even started some speed stakes which I believe  Jim won with about 20.59 miles per hour or some similar number. Where was I? Afterwards it was Helen's sleepover and we all boarded a couple of trains (after Khyle exploded at Coventry station,) and got there. It was quite good fun, though it would have been so infinitely better had Becca been there :). I felt a bit on my lonesome occasionally. We played Twister, and apparently it occasionally looked "so wrong" at times, from certain angles. I fortunately had left by the time they played it a second time, and it was absolutely awful in how it looked... I want to get those videos ;). On Saturday we all went to town and watched Shrek 2 in a huge cinema (though not a mulitplex - it had 2 screens) that Helen had led us to believe had only about a dozen seats in it, rather than many hundred as there actually were. It was a very good film, though it was perhaps not as funny as the original - the makers seemed to be trying to get some serious message across and as a result a little of the humour was sacrificed. After that, and with a little of Blackadder, Monty Python and Donnie Darko interspersed, me and Katy had to go home, leaveing a round half dozen people left to stay at the kind host of Helen's hosue for another night.  In the week since I have done not particularly much at all. Looked for my dinner card is the only thing that I can think of - which I coincidentially found last night loitering (for reasons that are beyond my comprehension,) between a couple of pages in my copy of Animal farm that has been resting on my shelf for some time. I'm not sure what pocessed me to look there - it was about the second book that I checked, so it was pure coincidence that I got it (I only actually found it this morning before going to school.)  I need to write something about the mile that we were labourously forced to run yesterday -.- to my disgust, being one of about two people that didn't have PE kit in the entire year - though in the eyes of my english teacher this made my achievement in running it all all the greater (full school uniform and shoes.) Admittedly, I felt more knackered that after running the moon run. Which is odd. To save me typing any out, I'll copy from an email. (The recepient of said email can look away now should they wish,)   "We were told this morning to the majority of the schools amazing DISGUST that we had to run the Sport Relief one mile today -.-. Until now it was only the whole of Key Stage 3, GCSE PE students and anyone who wanted to that had to run it. I didn't. But Mr. Carter (principal) insisted that we did only this morning. Just did it - I was very silly and decided to run the whole way, bad mistake ;). As it was, I didn't do tooo bad. Don't know what position I came but I can work it out soon. I came about 5 seconds behind the third placed girl. I think that the person that was giving out the little form things may have thought that I had only finished the first lap when I got round to finishing (it was a course that went around the school - and you had to run it twice) so I might have been cheated out of a place depending on how many people came ahead if me. Grr ;)"  "I think I did the run in about... 9 minutes or so, can't be sure. I think I was one of about... 3 or 4 max people in the whole year group to be wearing full school uniform whilst running. Half the year had PE at the time anyway, and most of everyone else had their kit in because they were planning on doing it - or have their kit in school every day anyway. Alex was in uniform though ;). But he cheated and walked the whole way. JL and a few other people did the whole thing as a conga all the way around."  OK, that's it from me, it's Fairford tomorrow.  p.s. lanky wasn't in today, perhaps he was ill - heheh  **// Edited 2057, the quoted email actually doesn't stagger all the way down the page //**