ok, we will start with our class presentations on Wednesday afternoon. Ours went great! Everyone remembered our lines, and we only mumbled a bit of our song (which we read for the first time on Tuesday! LOL). Lots of the presentations were good (some were BAD) but i think ours was one of the best!  next up: getting on the bus to Québec for the last time (Wednesday night). the 5:05 bus, the first chance to get off the campus that day, and almost EVERYBODY was waiting at the bus stop. These people STILL haven't learned that 3 minutes away, visible from the main bus stop, is another bus stop BEFORE the main one that everyone goes to. Chris and Matt were inside getting warm clothes, and me and Sarah headed to the bus stop. The bus came, but Chris and Matt werent there... we decided to get on the bus REALLY SLOWLY and then i saw them, so i got on the bus but wasnt giving my ticket until they got there. The four of us made it on the bus, and we waved at the huge group waiting at the next stop when we got there, and they were mad LOL! Probably about 50 people got on the bus, and the rest got left behind, to wait for the next one. We took the bus to an Italian restaurant called Le Jaune Tomate. We were there for quite a while, and we had a great time. I had fettucini alfredo with chicken for the first time, and it was SOOO GOOD! (thanks Chris and Sarah for saying i should get it LOL). After supper, we walked around for a bit, but then it was time to head back for the last time :(  Thursday morning. 7:00AM. My alarm clock goes off. I get out of bed, turn it off, unplug it, and put it in my suitcase. Now everything is packed. We go for breakfast and I have my usual Fruit Loops and a bottle of water. Next is the written exam, which didnt go as well as i had hoped (it was just so WEIRD... and the part where we had to write a story, i wrote it SO WELL and it was like 8 times the length it was supposed to be (50 words min ... 400 words written) but it was only worth 6% of the exam! After our last break, our class went outside to have donuts, and to do our oral exam. We were in groups of 6 and when our teacher would give us a picture, we had to talk about it and she would just wander around and listen. After 40 minutes (and several pictures), she said "ok, everyone who spoke French in the past 40 mins just got 100% on their oral exam!" :D  after lunch it was time to clean out our rooms... wash your mirror, sweep your floor, pack everything that isnt packed. I applaud Chris for getting all those clothes back into one suitcase (with a little help from me standing on it)... he kept trying to give or sell his shirts to me... i should have bought his plaid shirt that reminded us of vegetables (for some strange reason) but im sure it wouldnt fit me anyway LOL... then it was time to get ready for the Gala, because we were leaving at 4:30 (but in keeping with tradition, we left at 4:50). We got to Lac Beauport at 5:30, and we went inside where we were greeted with orange juice and sprite *boring*... only 2 glasses got broken! LOL... after standing around in the smallest room that 300 people have ever stood in before for about an hour, we got to go into the main room. After another 45 minutes or so, we got salad, which was ok. Then we got what we think was pea soup. I dont like peas and i dont like thick soup, so that did not get eaten. the main course was chicken (it was good) with rice (it was hard and contained strange vegetables, so it did not get eaten) and various cooked vegetables shaped like various geometric shapes (also not eaten). The bread was the best part of the meal... every time they would bring us another bowl, 9 arms flew at the bowl (one for each person at our table, naturally) and the bowl was empty within seconds. Dessert was some little cakey thingy that was good too.  After eating, there were presentations of things, and this long and boring goodbye to Marie P., the coordinator, because it was her 7th and last year. Finally, it was album time... and we, the people who made the thing, got the recognition we deserved... we got ours first, although we had to pass them out to everyone else too LOL... the cover is orange, just like i suggested, so that makes me happy! The next 3-4 hours or so, there was a dance, but i didnt really notice... i spent the entire night getting my album signed by everyone who had any impact on me during the 5 weeks... in the end, 71/265 people signed my book, which is incredible. we left at about 1AM, and were back to the campus at 1:40.... we had 20 minutes to decide which residence we wanted to stay in if we were going to stay up all night. My friends decided to stay in DLM so thats where i was going, but then Chris and Matt decided to be losers and stay in AC. I faught with them for 20 minutes, and in the end, i won... they came over to DLM!  since Chris really wanted to sleep, i let him sleep on my leg, and he was there for a good half hour... my leg becoming more numb and pain-filled each minute, but i wasnt gonna wake him up. Then, at 3AM, Barbara Guzman was leaving for the airport, and i knew that Chris would be mad forever if i didnt wake him up to say goodbye (plus i wanted to say goodbye) so i woke him up and it took 10 minutes for him to realize why i had woken him up, even though i kept saying "because Barbara is leaving!". Barbara left for the next 45 minutes... it was very sad, and when she said that she would walk back to Canada from Mexico if she had to just to see people again, it made me cry. But that wasnt the first time i cried that night... At about 2:30, Jodie and I were fighting with Raluca about when we would leave for the train station the next day, because we were all sharing a taxi. our train was leaving at 1:15 and it was a 10 minute taxi ride, so Jodie and I wanted to leave at 12, but Raluca said 11:30 was the latest we could leave. When she asked why i wanted to leave "so late" i said that i wanted to spend as much time with my friends as possible since i may never see them again, and i just started crying cuz that made me sad. Every little while for the rest of the day, people would leave and other people would cry. People cried about nothing. I was like a faucet (leaving is hard for me). All night, Chris slept on and off, and every time he would wake up, i would tell him that he had to sign my album, but he would say NOT NOW!... about 6AM, we made up a game... put a dime on Chris's nose without him waking up LOL. at 7, when we were going to eat breakfast (cuz thats when the cafeteria was open) we decided that we would go to sleep for a bit instead. so since we had only one pillow, 4 of us used it LOL  we woke up at 7:30... best half hour of sleep i had since i got there!... we were all so refreshed!That was when we realized that Matt was leaving in half an hour (he had gone to finish packing earlier) so we quickly went over to the other residence to look for him. We found him just before he left, and that made us all sad again.... theres something about watching people pull away in a taxi that is horrible! After that, we went to the cafeteria for one last meal. I got Fruit Loops (to stay consistent) but i also got sausages because it was part of the breakfast of the day, which i hadnt gotten sinc ethe first week. i thought they would charge me for the whole breakfast of the day, but they just charged for EXTRA MEAT lol.  We then decided, that since we had been putting off dying Pam's hair for a week (there was really no time) that we would do it then... so at 8:30 AM, i dyed hair for the first time! it turned out really well... i nice dark purple-black colour. While the dye was doing its thing, i climbed the gym wall a few times just for fun (but i dont know how, because its practically impossible! LOL)... here is a picture of that, courtesy of Pam... although the pic doesnt really show the impossible-ness of it all!    After that, we hepled the girls bring all of their things down from their rooms, and hauled it over to the other residence where most people left from. At 11, Sarah's parents came to get her, and that was very sad. When we were saying goodbye, we realized that Sam Roberts was playing in the background, and i had introduced Sarah to Sam Roberts about 2 weeks ago, so that was sad. Sarah was on her way to Montreal for a week with her family. Have fun Sarah!  So, now its 11. We promised Raluca that we would meet her outside the residence at 11:30, but we wouldnt be leaving until 12. Chris still had to pack some things, so he got me to go with him. He also still had to sign my album. We sat around in his room for a while and just talked, and at 11:40, i forced him to write in my album... he had no choice, it was now or never. I think he had been putting it off just because he knew that if he wrote in it, he was saying goodbye. It didnt take him long, but when i read it later on the train, it was easily the best thing that anyone wrote. I helped him take his stuff downstairs, and Raluca yelled at me for not being there 20 minutes ago, but i didnt really listen or care. We were leaving in 10 minutes and Jodie and i still had to say goodbye to Chantal (the best animatrice) and then Chris disappeared, cuz he had to get his room inspected by 12. The minutes were disappearing and there was still no sign of either of them, but then they both got off the elevator! Before Chantal even got all the way to us, i started crying again, cuz i will definitely miss her. There were lots of hugs. Then i hugged lots of other people... mainly Amanda M. and Chris. then we went outside to wait for a van taxi (we had WAY to much stuff for a car) and we all just kept hugging each other and crying LOL... at 12:20 there was STILL no van taxi, so we somehow managed to get in a car with all our stuff. Raluca was yelling at me to get in the car, but i just couldnt leave Chris without one more hug... i was about to leave my best friend, and she didnt understand. i cried most of the way to the train station. when we got there, we saw Amanda W. and Marianne, so that made me happy, since i didnt even know that we were going to be on the same train. Jodie and I slept from Québec to Montreal, and then after the craziness of the Montreal train station, we stayed awake and talked for the rest of the trip. Pulling into the Ottawa station SUCKED.   When i got home, i immediately doubled my MSN list. It was hard adapting to the english keyboard again, so now im pressing SHIFT 6 for a ? by accident LOL. I wanna thank Jodie so much for going with me, cuz i wouldn't have gone if she hadn't. I wanna thank all my friends from Québec too, especially Chris, Sarah, Matt, Amanda, and Pam... you guys were a lot of fun and i will make sure i see you all again. remember: -C'est pas fini, c'est rien qu'un début, mes c'est le plus beau des commencements -On vit chaque jour comme le dernier, parce qu'on vient de loin now its time for some pics, courtesy of Pam (more for those who DONT know who the people are LOL)    Chris and Sarah on the bus    Pam dying my hair    Jodie and Amanda M. ... not the best pic of Amanda lol    Feona    Matthew Ryan... nice face LOL  thats it guys. thanks for stickin with me for the past 5 weeks. Au Revoir St. Charles Garnier!