oh yes i do.  i'm not ashamed either.  i never thought of myself as an optimist, but i figure i must be because there's a part of me that refuses to let the idea of the pure "olympic dream" go the way of santa claus...a beautiful fantasy that is supposed the embody the best humanity has to offer, but really they are just schemes kept alive because they make someone somewhere a whole lot of money.the reality is that despite any of our best intentions (if there are any), that's what they've become anyways in the context of a continually expanding capitalist, globalized market. actually, pbs taught me that that's probably what they've always been, except in ancient times, there was a whole lot less at stake. entire economies weren't virtually dependent on whether or not spectators were buying tickets and advertisers buying airtime...  amid the powerful forces that dictate the atmosphere in which "competition" is framed (powerful forces meaning money), is it any wonder that doping is such a big deal given what's at stake? we're not only individual and national pride, but potential millions of dollars (hell, why not billions? when all is said and done the olympics will have costed greece upwards of $10 BILLION) for everyone from the athletes themselves to the c.e.o.'s of mcdonald's and nike...not to mention the hope for eventual, long-term profitibility for the olympic host city...in this case, athens.  but fuck all of that, man.  i've got the fever.  all i know is that i'm watching some people do things that i didn't even know people could do.launching themselves into the air, all the while twisting, flipping and turning, and then landing with both feet on the ground. no hop. no step.  propelling themselves through the water at speeds faster than anyone else in the entire world.it's amazing to me, and i enjoy every second of it. i really do.  and then, there are the backstories. people whose parents passed away. people who've risen from abject poverty. people who have bounced back from surgeries and defeats and overcome media hype and personal drama, and people who have worked harder than i may in my entire life, and pushed themselves beyond normal physical and psychological limits, for this ONE moment...i get all wrapped up in it, and i love it.  and the games don't just intrigue me on an emotional level, i love the actual games themselves.every time the olympics rolls around, something astonishing happens to my brain.i become an expert on sports that i don't watch unless i randomly catch them airing on a saturday or sunday afternoon, and of course, unless it's the olympics.if you quizzed me right now on beach volleyball, swimming, or gymnastics, i could so school you after watching ONE night of prelims...and a few finals too.  in beach volleyball, apparently misty may (who's 5'9 and couldn't train for weeks before the games because of a torn abdominal muscle) and kerri walsh (the #1 ranked beach volleyball player in the world, who's 6'1 and came to the olympics in sydney as a member of the indoor volleyball squad) are the favorites for gold.  in men's swimming, the south african team rocked the house last night, winnning gold by smashing the world record in the 4 X 100 men's free. the american men came in third (they really wanted gold because they lost the gold for the first time in years in sydney to the aussies...but south africa was too strong. also, the u.s.' lead man, ian crocker, pretty much took the u.s. out of contention for gold by being the only swimmer in the ENTIRE race to take over 50 seconds to finish his leg...). michael phelps, this year's u.s. olympic team poster boy, is still in contention to tying the record for most medals one in one olympics though. he could leave the games with 7 medals at this point...pretty impressive...no mark spitz, but okay.  in women's gymnastics, romania leads the pack, turning in solid, consistent performances on every event on the first night of competition. meanwhile, the favored u.s. women's team stumbled on every apparatus, taking deductions here and there for breaking form on the beam, and teflon landings, but still managed to muster up a second place finish...  pancake, foot dig, kill, im, free, butterfly, breast, whipback, double tuck, layout, half twist, full twist...i'm ON it.  bob costas is so useless.  speaking of bob costas, how STUPID did he and katie couric sound commenting on the opening ceremonies? good lord. what really upset me though is that i sat through that corny "the history of greece on a float" crap, among the other artisitic renditions of all things greek and human and whatever, SPECIFICALLY so that i could see bjork's performance. and what happens when bjork takes the stage? stupid bob costas and katie couric would NOT shut up through the entire performance.  argh.  one last thing...gymnast, oana ban of romania is the TRUTH.  that is all.