So word on the street is that my younger sister got married today. Its so bizaare that I don't even know the particulars of this supposed blessed event. She calls me from Japan like 3 weeks ago and says that she's getting married to her boyfriend. Last thing I heard before that was they were broken up because of some ex-fiance of his. Needless to say, my mom flipped when she heard the news. I was surprised but not completely shocked. The one thing I know about my sister is that she is wholly irrational. The second thing I know about my sister is that when she gets an idea in her head it stays stuck there. You can't talk her out of it for anything. When she was a kid she was fixated on owning hampsters. She begged my parents for a hampster. Finally they let her have one. When it got out of its cage and crawled into our heating ducts and died, she asked for another. This happened more than once. When my dad redid our heating he found multiple hampster carcasses in the system. I don't know what this says about my sister's marriage, but its gotta say something.  In related news, I'm having a baby shower tomorrow for another grad student in my department. Yesterday another student told me she was expecting. A few weeks ago a friend from highschool called me to tell me she was expecting (again). My best friend just bought a condo and lives there with her boyfriend. Luckily she's not having any babies. All of this marrying and babies and buying houses seriously makes me feel old. Well, more than old, it makes me feel inadequate. I'm  hopelessly  single. I live in a house with two roommates in a college town. I drive a beat-up car my parents so nicely gave me 2 years ago. They still pay my car insurance. I'm still in school (albeit grad school) with no chance of having a real job for at least 3 more years. And no chance for a real car, a real house, or a real relationship while I'm at it. I feel like at 24 that shouldn't be problematic. But when everyone around you seems to be growing up, and your still stuck feeling like your a junior in college (or better yet a sophomore) you start to wonder if something isn't wrong.   I think I will conclude that no, nothing is wrong with me. Psychologists now suggest that adolescents lasts until you are 30. I'll take my time to grow up, and all those people having babies and getting married are just jumping the gun and not enjoying their youth. At least I'm old enough to know that if I had a baby (or a husband) I'd probably end up loosing him in a heating duct.  urlLink  postCount('108097317013613242');