Today it rained so hard, the house glowed.  Little drops fell like the dead and sprang up with equal speed from the newly painted grey deck, the old-but-sturdy shingled roof, and the low-maintenance white vinyl siding.  Home, sheltering my family that seems to be held together by love, denial, and good cooking.  The rain provides me a thunderous quiet, making this house that is anything but large and hollow, seem precisely that because I feel I cannot leave.  The rain is a locked door, a heavy curtain blocking the outside.  Even the dopey dog hides, seeks companionship with the disgruntled horses who try to step on him as the thunder shakes away any thoughts of venturing out.  We are forced to stay inside, look inside, which is always scarier than looking out.    I often would rather run, sprint through world and swallow it whole, examine what I haven't digested at a later date, any later date.  This year, I have been examining my innards with a strong, clean microscope.  Though surprising at times, I like my findings.  Hurrah!  I have all the necessary parts!  But alas, I'm not assembled like most people I know, which makes both me and my path a bit peculiar to onlookers.  Most of the active participants realize my assembly quirks by now, I hope!  Yesterday I attend two annual events: the family picnic and the town fireworks.  Both events are full of people who make me smile, good jokes, food, lots of drinks, and people I hardly recognize.  I go down memory lane with some, talk about current events with others, and recap my life and future plans in 30 seconds with most.  I'm now a pro.  I can wrap up everything I've been through in the four years since I've seen these people in a tidy little paragraph.  I can whip out the speech in a moment's notice, when the questions are asked.    To them, my life appears to be a cliche, or a tunnel I've recently poked my head out of to say "hello" to them from.  Maybe they're right.  Before I came home, I was so incredibly tired of my life and drama that I didn't think I could discuss it with a soul.  I wanted to forget it all for a few weeks and rest, get emotionally recharged for when I head out again, so I'm able to fight the loneliness of the world with action and vigor.  Who knew that coming home would help me put my experiences into a display box to examine at a distance, as if they're someone else's'.  Following the fireworks was a small gathering at a friends house.  This means six of us drinking beer in the back of pickup, by the cloud-covered moonlight in front of a friends' parents house- where he is unhappily living until he marries in 3 weeks.  Interesting, fun.  Memory lane, but better.  I enjoy hanging out with old friends not out of nostalgia, as had been the case in past years.  I can pay attention to people and enjoy their company for what it is now, not what it was.  I cherish who they are, what they have to say, their courage.  Thrilled to realize this, I wonder if maybe this is a place I can someday call home again, because I know better than to think home is simply a place.    The rain has stopped, but the lightening continues.  Things are clearing up, and summer is only a short storm and an starry night away.  Maybe I'm growing up after all.