As with everything I write here, this is all merely my opinion...  Over the past couple of days, there have been many  urlLink FARK.com  comment threads regarding marriage.  Three of my friends were engaged this semester, and another close friend of mine has already gone through a broken engagement, so the topic has been on my mind.  I have to admit, I was surprised at the hostility toward marriage--many people linked to and agreed with  urlLink NoMarriage.com  and similar sites.  I know that as FARK goes so does  not  go the majority, but I found the lack of hope very sad.  Then again, I'm 23 and still involved in my first relationship, so what do I know?  I'll admit, there is still much I need to learn, but I feel that during the course of my relationship my thoughts on marriage have matured.  Here's where I stand now--  Complete independence (or dependence) cannot be completely satisfying:   I feel this is the most important thing I have learned.  Perhaps this revelation is bound up with the larger (and more general) issue of trusting people, but I've finally learned to let down my guard a bit, and I feel more complete than I ever have before.  It's a bit Rousseauian--I give up my autonomy to become a better person.  Marriage is beautiful because it represents two people promising to forgo complete independence because they believe they make each other better.  On the other hand, marriage is not a necessity for a good life, and there are good dependencies and bad ones (unfortunately I'm still sort in the "I know it when I see it" stage of definition).  One does not have to depend on other people--I was probably at my happiest when I was single and my dependence on God and faith was at its strongest.  This leads me to the second lesson...  Patience is a virtue:   I just can't understand the mindset behind a short dating/engagement period (I'm not saying it never works out or that it is wrong, I'm just saying I don't understand it).  I know that I don't have the faculties necessary to judge whether or not a person is right for me in so short a time.  I have a friend who's been engaged for a LONG time, and I admire her patience.  Most people are blessed with many years on this earth; there's no need to hurry into such a commitment.    Know Thyself:   Words to live by in all things, of course, but quite important in relation to marriage.  Before you can seek out people who make you better, you need to have some idea of what needs "bettering," so to speak.     Don't settle--there is someone for you:   This has been the second-hardest thing for me to learn.  There's nothing wrong with wanting to marry someone that you are both compatible with and attracted to!  One should not feel guilty for wanting both.  Our culture has reached the point where it mocks those who (apparently) marry based on superficialities such as attractiveness, but I still detect a certain amount of guilt-tripping placed on those who want to end relationships with good people because they don't feel the physical attraction (I do believe there is a difference between true physical attraction/compatibility and merely thinking someone is "hot").  This may be the most "immature" of all my statements, but I wonder how many people are in "guilt" marriages and what sort of resentment they feel.  Children are OK:   True pain, but this is the lesson that assures me that I really have matured when it comes to thinking about this stuff.  I'm Roman Catholic (at least I try to be), and the RCC demands that marriages be open to the possibility of children.  I'm not a particular fan of tykes, so whenever the thought of marriage entered my mind, it was attended by such thoughts as, "Gee, maybe I'll be lucky and be barren."  I've re-evaluated that line of thinking and come to the conclusion that if I find someone that makes me better in the way that I believe a husband should, children probably wouldn't be the nightmare I imagine them to be.  These are not meant to be mind-blowing statements--just a summary of where I'm at in thinking about the topic.  I may look back on this in a few years and call myself a fool, but I hope that's not the case.  --Varenia