Here I sit at the County Auditors office watching security monitors and the ebb and flow of humanity all around me.  Atleast I am spending my ten hour shift in front of a desk with Internet access and cold AC blowing on me.  Usually when I work the 3 pm  to 11pm shift at the Annex building there is NO air conditioning and I have to put up with the heat and humidity.  Hopefully the maintenance folks will be kind to us and install a temporary window unit where the security scans folks for weapons before they go up to the Treasurers office.  You are probably wondering WHY we do not have air conditioning in a government facility.  The reason for this is because the OT Wallace building has been under construction for the last 12 months or longer.  I am hopeful that in the next week or two that a temporary window AC unit will magically appear and we will feel some relief from the heat and humidity.  We have been experiencing low to mid 90's and even the upper 90's on some days.       I added a Site Manager counter/tracker functionality at the bottom of my blog so that I can start tracking how many folks are visiting my Blog.  I guess it would be nice to know how many hits I am getting and from whom.  This site manager is free and offers basic tracking which is just fine for me.  I also set up the ability to do Audio Blogging.  This enables me to call a number with my cell phone and leave an audio message for my reading/listening audience.  That means that if I chose to serenade you that I can.  LOL....  Ok, I promise that I will not do a LOT of singing as I realize that it will cause what little readership that I do have currently to scamper away at a high rate of speed.  LOL....       Thanks to Goggle I can publish in multiple formats to my blog.  I can type my weblog out so you can read it OR I can post pictures for you to SEE or I can talk to you from the depths of cyberspace from my cell phone.  It is a GOOD thing that my cell phone has FREE long distance.  The only thing that i did not really care about is that a web browser pops up and forces you to listen to the mp3 file by clicking on a play button.  I set up Winamp as my default media player which includes mp3 and was hoping that when I clicked on the audio blog that winamp would take over and play the media file.  It was a nice thought but I guess since the mp3 file is located on an HTTP Web server that the website forces you to download the file BEFORE you can do anything with it.     WHAT will they come up with next ??