silly girl in red  Can you smell the air? that dampness... almost a woody smell, moist wood of hollow tree trunks... it has just rained and so it smells... so good.   boy with one shoe  it probably smells exactly the way you've described it. I can't smell it coz I used to  smoke alot.   silly girl in red  but how does smoking dull your senses?   boy with one shoe  it probably burns out your taste buds or your nose sensing abilities. something has been fried, short-circuited. but the sensations will come back when the new cells are grown...   silly girl in red  that is provided you don't smoke again.   boy with one shoe  yes... i may get my senses back.    silly girl in red  sorry if this seems rude... of course you don't have to give me an answer if you don't want to... when are you going to get another shoe?  boy with one shoe  my romantic inclinations towards individualism and selfhood would never allow me to get another shoe for my bare foot... i was just kidding.    silly girl in red  some days you're so full of shit.   boy with one shoe  i know... make that every day though. it sucks to go without a shoe.   silly girl in red  so?   boy with one shoe  so what?  silly girl in red  you know about the other shoe.  boy with one shoe  oh yes. well never. i'm never going to get another... because if i do that, i might lost my sense, my sensitivity. with one foot covered i gain speed to transverse this world but the other without covering slows me down because of the occasional intensity of sensations. you know like how brick pavements get so heated up that you literally feel like you're walking on fire like those kavali figures?  silly girl in red  really. do those kavali bearers walk across fire too.   boy with one shoe  i don't know but that's beside the point. i was just trying to say it's a bloody hot pavement. Anyway, so my feet without covering slows me down but not completely; Just enough to let me savour the sensations but at the same time keep a reasonable pace when walking...   silly girl in red  i don't know. you're just too lazy. you've probably broke and can't afford a pair of new sneaks. you're just ...   boy with one shoe  the boy with one shoe  silly girl in red  no. You're just crazy.