lol, so I'm having a little bit of trouble with my computer right now. I just reformatted it and I'm finishing reinstalling everything I lost. I should have it finished by tomorrow, or today, if you count the fact that it's 4:35 in the morning.     I'm about to pass out. I had a very long day. I fell asleep at about 10:00 PM after watching Adam Sandler's "50 First Dates" with my parents, and then woke up at 2:00 AM from a really horrible "nightmare", lol. It all started with the nightmare I had back in the old days, when I was a very small child. I had this dream that I was standing by the front door at my grandparent's house. The main door was wide open, but the screen door was shut, and the moonlight was shining on the white ceramic tiles. There was this silver box sitting on the floor, and I bent down to see what was inside it. I opened it and the inside was made of crimson velvet. Well, all of a sudden a hand comes out and starts pulling me in. At the same time, the bottom opened up and it was like a portal to hell or something. All I remember seeing is red, swirling mist.     lol, yes, that was the exact dream. It might seem lame, but at the time, it was emotionally destructive. Also, it stopped me from getting up in the middle of the night ever again. Sometimes I have the same dream, but within another dream. I dream that I'm having that dream again. Recently, I've dreamt a similar dream; everything is the same, except for the box. There is no box, just voices. It's really eerie. I don't know if I believe in what dreams mean, but I'm kind of interested in hearing what a professional would say about it.     Anyways, after waking up from that, I discovered that my sister had woken up too, so we watched "50 First Dates" again. A sad, but good movie.    Right now I'm listening to  urlLink "I Remember You" by Skid Row . Right now it's one of my favorite songs. I'm just going to put in on repeat and then go to sleep.     Okay, there isn't anything to do. Only the internet seems to be working. I can't get any programs to work, not even MSN. I'll figure that out tomorrow.