Well I'd have to say I'm writing this due to some odd and somewhat sad motivation.  As most of you may know I was dating a nice Korean girl by the name of Han Nae.  Well that all came to an end last night.  I've been out of Korea for about 5 weeks now but I'm planning on returning soon.  I'd have to say over the past 2 weeks or so things have grown rather quiet between us.  I've tried to call her a few times (no answer) and even dropped her an e-mail.  Not to mention she was never online to chat or anything like that.  So I guess this was a red flag, or a few of them I guess.  Anyway last night after talking online good old Fenton House I decided to give her a call and get to the bottom of this.  Well she was at work but picked up her cell phone.  It was obvious she was less than thrilled to her from me.  Some overly awkward pleasantries were exchanged, "how are your?", "I'm find thank you, and you?"  So then I decided to jump into the hear of the matter and figure out what was going on between us, or not going on as the case seemed to be.  Note, we had been on what I would call very good terms before I left and to the best of my knowledge hadn't had any sort of falling out or arguments.  Anyway I asked her straight up if we were still "together" and if she wanted to be "together".  What I got in response was an extremely round about answer that seemed to skirt most if not all of the issues.  In the end I after all the myriad of explanations and seemingly unrelated stories and bits I was able to discern that our relationship was most defiantly over.   That being said I do have a running commentary regarding the situation.  First I will say while it does suck to be broken up with, I am much more annoyed with how she broke up with me (to be expounded upon later) rather than the fact that she didn't want to date me anymore.  If she doesn't want to be a item that's fine I can live with that, we didn't have any serious plans or anything.  And if it took me being 10,000 miles away to realize that then so be it.  But what does irk me is that I have a feeling there is someone else in the picture.  When I asked her if she was seeing someone I got one of those long eerie silences where you know nothing good can be spoken after.  Well she said she wasn't.  Gotta say I wasn't exactly convinced.  So I said "are you sure?"  Then the answer was "well I've talked to guys in the club and met some people but nothing serious."  That last sentence wasn't exactly a direct quote but I think it sums it up pretty well from what I remember.  So my point being it seemed she was hiding something.  Could I have pushed harder?  Yeah I think so.  Did I?  No, I let it go.  She'd made her decision and that is that.  The conversation was short and right to the point.  I then said goodbye.  I was paying for the call so I didn't want to waste any more money.   Afterwards I booted my computer back up and vented to Fenton who was nice enough to lend a sympathetic ear to my situation.  So here I sit in the middle of Georgia waiting to go back to Korea.  I always said I was coming back because I wanted to not b/c of her.  So I guess this is the real test to see if I will or won't.  But as plans stand I whole heartily plan on returning as soon as possible.  I'll be living in the capital of beautiful Korean women and I'll have more time and money then I'll know what to do with.  It truly is the life I miss, although I admit I will miss her some, at least for the time being.  I guess what bothers me most is that I feel I was owed a better explanation and didn't get one.  Part of it was maybe my fault for ending the conversation but it didn't seem I was going to get much more of merit then and there.  I am worried this will adversely affect my opinion of her.  I want hold her in realm of being a good decent person with some probity.  Anyway we'll see what transpires. On to different subjects now.  This is exactly a month after I started this sight.  Kinda funny huh?  Well maybe not.  I had planned to make another page somewhere else and put pictures on them but I can't find any software that I like to build a page.  I can't wait to get back to Korea.  There is a point in life where you just are not supposed to live under the same roof as your parents and I am at that point right now.  I really miss being able to do anything I want and not having to worry about money or obligations or plans or crap like that.  I really look forward to seeing the old crew, Asma, Caleb, Andrew, and Fenton and meeting all these new people that have come out of the wood work and are rumored to be cool.  Well to whoever read this thanks for reading I know it was long.