It's a holiday weekend, and I feel moved for a lighter thought on my blog. Thanks be to God, there are some things in the news today that still make me smile. Here's one from Hong Kong (via myway.com):   Angered by Beijing's decision ruling out full democracy in Hong Kong, hundreds of thousands of people marched Thursday to demand the right to choose their leader.  "We don't want to be subservient to the central government," said Ben Kwok, a 40-year-old factory owner, as the crowd clogged streets and turned much of downtown Hong Kong into a sprawling but peaceful protest zone.   See that folks? That's what we once were! We once wanted to choose our leaders; we took pride in our right to vote. We once, how did that wonderful sage Ben Kwok put it, "didn't want to be subservient to the central government." With the Fourth of July coming up and the election looming around the corner, I could't help but think about our great nation and the changes it's going through. No longer are people eager to express themselves at the polls, but I can tell you something right now--I am damn ready to do it. I'm already working at voter registration tables, trying to get folks lined up to re-elect George W. Bush, and sharing my knowledge about politics and culture. Today I shared my opinion with a student, and he seemed surprised to learn things that I took for granted. Let me give you an example, we spoke of faith and when I mentioned that George W. Bush led Bible study classes in the White House and that he prayed each and every day, he seemed shocked.   "I never knew that," he said.   I replied simply, "Baby, you never hear it because the press  doesn't want you to hear it . You have to dig for the truth nowadays."   He seemed open to new ideas, and maybe...just maybe...I've changed a young mind for the better. That's why I teach. That's why I'm proud to be an American. I could hold that conversation in the open and not worry about the thought police chasing me down for trying to spread the truth. America gives me that freedom. On the 228th birthday of our nation, I am moved once again to thank God for all His blessings on our great land. May He continue to do so for all time.   Amen.