Hi! I don't mind people staying with us, I don't even mind when they complain a little about accommodations not being specifically set to their needs, but its when they start to drag everyone into their own problems, that I start to get angry. I mean, I have nothing against my aunt, I never fought with her, I never said anything bad about her, and I wont ever say anything bad about her... It's just that she made the worst decision in her life when she married her hubby (their getting a divorce right now but it was just a god-awful decision on her part!) My uncle is trying to harass her with e-mails and telephone calls... He just recently stopped when we had to call the cops on him.  He's an all right guy though, when he isn't totally obsessed, but he needs to get his priorities straight. I mean its bad enough when you got the other person scarred to death of you (not to mention having your little girl scream bloody-murder every time you come around because she thinks you are going to steal her away), but its just terrible when you taunt that person into smoking two or three packs a day and making them constantly look out the window.  My aunt is a strong woman though, she doesn't scare easily, and she hides it well when she is. She is a little afraid of my uncle but only shows it when he comes around.  I'm happy now because she fond another guy that she liked and is talking to him, trying to set up a date to when they can move in with each other (I'm not saying that it's a good thing that she will be moving out when they  do  arrange a date, but I'm saying that I'm happy that she found someone nice). The guy that she found is nice too. He is very respectful and polite. He loves my cousin and would be glad to be her father.  The only thing that’s really stepping in the way of everyone being so happy is my uncle.  Everything's hard at times, but its the times that you can look at the people around you and think to yourself 'Man, they are truly happy!' that you mostly cherish. I have been thinking that very thought to myself a lot lately. I mean my sister found this one guy that is a  very  good father to her child, my old friend (that I still partially hang out with) has been doing very good with her boyfriend and they have been together for quite some time now. And there’s my aunt also, because she found that one guy that she really likes a lot and she is finally getting through this divorce thing. I don't know why, but I haven't been all that gravy lately. Of course I can say that I'm doing well in school and I'm happy because I'm almost halfway through the humongous book that I'm reading now, or that I'm happy because I'm typing and I have my music and I have my soda right here. But, for some reason that even I cant figure out, I just haven’t been  feeling  happy, you know? My boyfriend and I aren't doing that well right now, but that’s no biggie because I know that boyfriends come and go. Mom is trying so hard to figure why I'm not happy, but I think that when she pressures me like she is, then I just feel worse. I think a lot of my "problems" come from my eating habits, so, since I post here almost everyday, I'm going to  try  to keep a eating record on here after what I post, so that will be the "good-bye" of the post ;). To start off with: Today I ate: 2 Burritos 5(or so) Tater-Tots