If I were to tell you that falling in love brings the best and the worst in you, would you label me as ‘another ordinary, typical, dazed woman’? Perhaps you’ve already been in that state the minute you’ve read the word ‘love’…I mean come on, is it not one of the most ‘hackneyed’ (can be interchangeable with the word ‘corny’) topic you refuse to comment because ‘everybody’ has something to say about it.   If I were to tell you that my story is different would you believe me? Of course not! People assumed always that falling in love is something that is ‘universal’ everybody is bound to be in that state at least once in their period of existence.   If I were to tell you that you can fall in love for the rest of your life would you believe me?   If I were to tell you that it is possible not to have heart aches, rejections, tears, anger, fitting in, indifference would you believe me? Again a resounding NO, am I that ‘lucky’ to know a man that would not give me all of that.   If I were to tell you that I could share Him with you would you believe me? Now that would be nice huh? Don’t worry I am in a sound mind and body while writing this and upon making that proposal.   You see, love as what they say is complex and it’s true, ever since I have met Him, He brought out the best and the worst in me. One thing that is surprising is that most of my worst became a strength and a motivating factor to improve my self to please Him, to make Him smile. Love’s complexity allowed me to grow in the manner that he would prefer, most of the people I know would say ‘never change for someone’ at this very minute I beg to disagree, I am not ashamed to admit that even if I advocate women’s liberation and individuality among females I have to say that in this instance I would have to lower my flag…my pride in this context is not an issue. And when I say I want to share Him with you I really mean that…   I don’t believe in the word luck, I go for the word ‘blessed’.   To fall and not be hurt is possible, specially if the one on the other end is GOD.