I got this concept from an anime show named, gensomaden saiyuki. it's about four guys on a quest. in one of their episodes, they were trapped on this town with no food, no drinks, no women, no people, no food...nothing but their enemy. there was this scene where two of the guys were playing pool and one of them, gojyo, complained that the town was mind-numbingly boring because there was nothing in it. then another one of them, goku, whined about being so hungry. after that, sanzo, the guy from heaven, said that heaven was kinda like that place. the only things found there are some temples and holy people but other than that there was nothing else. that was when they all preferred hell because all the vices they're so fond of are there.   it made me think that heaven may not be that awesome. sure, it's the place of eternal happiness but when I get a temporary seemingly eternal happiness here on earth, it sucks. every day’s so happy and peaceful that it's weird and unbalanced. as they say, too much of anything is bad. besides, being okay everyday would get boring after a while. there'll be no mistakes to correct, no adventures to tackle... nothing![just goofy happiness of course]. so maybe I won't like it that much there. but then again, Jammi mentioned that when we go to heaven, another glorious body is made for us for eternal praise and happiness to god. it would be us but it won't contain our emotions. it's like us with amnesia. so maybe if I go to heaven, it'd be okay because I probably won't have my personality that won't like heaven. then, I think again, maybe, hell isn't so bad. they have every evil vice there that people enjoy. sure, people burn for eternity [which I think they will get used to] but at least they'll be havin' a bit of fun! but if everyone would want to go to hell, think of the chaos here on earth......COOL!  sometimes I wonder if religion really is something. you know, something meaning that the things in the bible did happen and the prophecies will happen. I mean, what if religion was invented by the some ancient secret group to use as some kinda brainwashing thing to control the human race's uncontrollable trouble-making... it could happen....  *** I’m still grounded but, of course, I don't give a shit. hehehe...... as a matter of fact, it seems like I’m puking, spitting and pissing on the line that my uncle set as my borderline of disobedience. of course, I did that stuff after I went a mile passed it. hehehe.... anyway, it's because I always talk to Jammi over the phone. it's fun actually. he doesn't seem like my boyfriend or someone I’m in love with. it's like [I got this line from a cd's name] "we're friends...with benefits". Benefits meaning, the occasional "I love you", the cuddly-feely moments and the [ehem, ehem] sexually satisfying activities. It’s more like we're close friends rather than a couple. But I never dared to tell this stuff to Daryl. I know she's still pissed off Jammi. So instead, I tell this stuff to Monique. I’m kind of scared to get too close to her because I already lost 3 best friends:ayen, stef and Daryl. I can face it that Daryl and I are too alike to be together. But, hey, it's too early to assume right?  I had a chat with Monique the other day. About how I think Jammi and I aren't meant for each other. I can't help comparing myself to him and his ex, Mariz. Like how rich both of them are or how much smarter Jammi is than me that I feel like an idiot when he asks me something. And how mariz's perfume is escada and mine is a cheap [but sweet, mind you] scent from scents and blends, which by the way, pushed me to lying to Jammi that I don't wear a perfume. I can't help but feel too ashamed to be "his girl". But then again, I should be happy with myself. I’m tall, pretty[yay!!!^_^] and I have potential. I just don't get it why jammi's potential's are of a 20yo's. Is it me of is he just too matured for me?  *** school's gonna start in less than a month. I can't believe the summer break has passed and I still haven't taken karate classes, I haven't stepped on dumaguete and I still don't know how to play the guitar. very nice....*rolls eyes* but, hey! I had Jammi!  I’m kinda happy about school. Daryl and I aren't classmates and I’m slowly getting it why I felt so relieved when I found out. I’ll be taking a school service during the school year so it's a new thing. I’m also gonna take karate classes. and I have my own atm card! it has nothing to do with school but it made my life a little funner [that word's from Jammi...he's my summer teacher]. oh and I have a plan on how to learn how to play the guitar! on our Christmas break, I will ask tito cocoy to give me an advanced Christmas gift which will be a guitar and I will ask mommy or I will pay the classes myself since its only p1000. Monique told me about this place where she takes her violin lesson and I think that'll work.   *** I’m a little too okay with my life right now. maybe things are calming down a little...just preparing for a war in school. cool...*sarcastic smile* I’m gonna be a front line soldier. prepare to die again, Alexandria Sese...