Tomorrow I turn the ripe old age of 19...  a year that just doesn't seem as special as the past three.  Think back, have you ever heard anyone say, "I can't wait to turn 19!"  It's the minor rift after the big waves caused by birthdays 16-18.  These milestones, to which like all kids, have always held things that I have always looked forwards to.  When you turn 16, you can drive; when you turn 17, you can see R-Rated movies; when you turn 18, you can do all sorts of things; but when you turn 19... well.    Turning 19 not only fails to unlock any new abilities (if you want to look at this like it's a videogame) but it also leaves you, at least in my family, poor and lonely.  In my family, you have birthday parties until you are 12, and you get presents from your relatives until you are 18.  After that you are considered an "adult" and subject to moneyless cards, a birthday dinner and a pat on the back.  That isn't to say I'm some sort of ungrateful punk... but knowing that nothing special is happening makes my birthday, once a sacred event that balanced my year with Christmas, is now a holiday about as important as Arbor Day or Boxing Day in Canada.    They (society?) really should have spaced out everything you can do when you turn 18.  Is it really necessary to make the age of 18 such a gateway to the world, when 19 and 20 have absolutely nothing special going on.  Since turning 18, I've been able to drive after midnight , buy lottery tickets, get into strip clubs, buy pornography, purchase tobacco products, drink and gamble on international waters, drive out of state, and date people only older than 18 (which made for a few laughs when I was dating Aubrey).  But aside from driving out of state and driving past 11PM, I haven't really taken advantage of my 18 year old status.  So why not push the porn related abilities back to 20, and the lottery tickets and tobacco back until I'm 19.  Then I have something to look forward to each year, although that 20th birthday would be sort of weird.    That, or they can just make other things off limits, and have them be available to me after I turn 19.  Like purchasing computer parts.  You don't really need to do dabble with the inner workings of your computer until you are out of high school.  Ban eating peas until you are 19, so you are mature enough not to scatter them all over your plate and dining room floor.  You also shouldn't be allowed to become a pop idol until you are 19, nor are you allowed to become a sex symbol until that time (I've decided on waiting until I'm 25 to do either of those things... personal rule.)  And so by now you should be feeling pretty bad for me and my pitiful age of 19... but don't!  My birthday is actually going to be a good day, I assure you!  I have decided to overcome adversity and ignore the fact that I can't do anything new during my 19th year on this earth.  So instead I am getting fed all day.  Tomorrow I plan on waking up, pouring some water on the floor for my homies, and heading over to my beloved Aunt's apartment for french toast.  Then it's off to lunch with a friend... and then coffee with another friend.  No sooner will I arrive home will I be eating some more, this time it's my birthday dinner cooked by Mom.  So if anything, maybe I will gain some weight the day I turn 19!    I'm very thankful for my 19 years, and I'm only sort of thankful for looking like I've only been around for 13 years.  But hey, at least now I can buy lottery tickets and eat peas!