i didnt post yesterday....i was doin otha stuff.... i've been taking up skipping as my exercise, and belive me--it is an amazing workout! just 15 min of skipping and i start sweating like mad...considering how little i sweat u better be convinced!!! today's song will be  this is the day  by  the cranberries ...the lyrics are here:   I never had a friend like you  This is the day  Your skin is white, your eyes are blue  This is the day   But don't wind my change  I will still remain  I will always be there for you   A-ha   These thoughts, they circle in my mind  This is the day  The demons I can't leave behind  This is the day   Don't be insecure  I'll be at your door  I will always be there for you   They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  Stay!   I have Provoked thy grace into my mind  This is the day  I have Provoked thy grace that are divine  This is the day   Don't be insecure  I'll be at your door  I will always be there for you   They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  Stay!   But don't wind my change  I will still remain  I will still be here   But don't wind my change  I will still remain  I will always be there for you   They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  They will save you  They will save you  They will save you  Stay! Stay!  Stay!    well i went for the book fair two days ago at suntec and i was kinda disappointed coz they were mostly chinese books, and i cant read that for long, so i bought a book at big bookshop called  lunch with mussolini  yesterday i was damn tired, but i had  starbucks  at the library--remember that coupon??--went blog-finding yesterday and i sure found lots of old frenzz! anybody out there who wants links on this site please tell me!! i had a horrible sleep last nite...my pop was snoring, then there was a loud rainstorm...i woke up like thrice! then i had syf choral fest today...saw the anglican peeps as well...funi thing was that they werent supposed to be there! haha! george tan got the date wrong...poor them...well at least i saw them though! looking forward to next time...