I recently gave my students a journal topic titled "Are you political? Why or why not?" I expected to get a stack of journals full of pre-chewed news bites and I wasn't disappointed! Some of my students wrote phrases like "George Bush is a liar," "He started the Iraq war for oil and he taxes poor people," "He's killing fathers and mothers for his own gain in Iraq," and (my personal favorite), "George W. Bush is an idiot. Bill Clinton was the best president of  all time ." When I asked the student to clarify the last two words, meaning since George Washington or in the 20th century, he replied, "Ever. He was the best president that ever was."  After I passed out cold, I got up and continued with the lesson.  I swear, how am I supposed to get these numbskulls to understand that the media is nothing but propaganda and that what they believe to be fact is nothing more than a skewed version of the truth? My students bitch about the fact that they lose a huge chunk of their paycheck to taxes, but then they vote for a Democrat who will only raise them! I try to tell them that Republicans believe in lower taxes, but it doesn't seem to sink in. We also had a discussion about gay marriage, which most of them are  against , but again...they plan on voting for Kerry. The argument was divided over abortion, but that was to be expected. Also, more than half of my students are professing Christians, which makes me unbelievably happy, but I can't rely on that to see them to the political truth. Many of them just simply cannot understand the true nature of the political beast, and no matter how calm and collected I am during the discussion, I just end up with one whammy of a headache.   Truth be told, I would love nothing more than bashing John Kerry in my classroom, but then I think about all of the professors I have that bash Bush when I am a student in their class. I think back to all the times I have had to bite my tongue and listen to their drivel in order to save my grade and how angry it makes me, so I take the high road and refrain from my natural urges. In the end, most of these kids are going to go out and vote for a man who does not agree with any of their beliefs, and it's all because of the media's power to blind folks to the truth.  On the opposite side of the journal writing coin, I had a slew of apathetic writers. Their entries were also riddled with the catch phrases of a brain numbed generation. "Politics is all corrupt, so why should I bother?" and other blather like that. Honestly, I don't know which one I hate worse...the misinformed or the uninterested. All I know is that I have a long road in front of me, and every class I teach will be filled to the brim with students just like these. How long will it take before their kids come down the educational pipe, and what will we do if this trend continues?