tonight it finally came out, and i'm glad it finally came out...i've been waiting.  just as i had suspected, he believes that i want to be with him.  apparently, unknown to myself,  i am obsessed with him and everybody has noticed it.  i don't really understand what signals i send that suggest this.  as far as i know, i act about the same way with him as i do all of my other friends.  true, maybe i've been more touchy feely with him than others, but that's because he's touchy feely too.  i'm generally a touchy feely person unless i know that it bothers someone, and with him i've always assumed it was okay since he did it back.  i guess maybe people could interpret that as me liking him.  he, of course, doesn't believe me when i tell him that i don't want to be with him.  in fact, he  knows  i am denying it and "accepts" it because there are so many others that want him more than he wants them.  if you ask me, that's a little cocky to say.  it must be hard having so many people like you...  honestly, i really don't see it.  he's decent looking, not extraordinary though.  he's smart, but always thinks he's right and isn't all that open-minded.  he isn't that good of a lover, not that i think i am at all, and perhaps it's different if he really likes someone, but for having as much "experience" as he has, i think he'd be a lot better than he is.  he's mean, immature, and sexist.  he's careless with his money.  he doesn't communicate, and shoots down the efforts of anyone trying to communicate with him.  he smokes way too much.  he's an alcoholic.  but of course, like with anyone, there are the good and the bad and i feel awful only mentioning the bad.  so here are some good things...i guess i fell for him because i think he understands more than most.  and he is independent and knowledgable.  he also cares so much about his friends.  and knowing that he had felt real pain and could relate to pain that i've been through.  it also didn't hurt that he likes a lot of the same music.  i dug those blue eyes too...and the thought of someone liking me sort of clinched the deal.  even though we started messing around a year ago, i didn't actually start liking him until this summer when he started to express interest in me.  that's how almost all of my relationships start...which is probably why they end up being based purely on physical closeness.  someone likes me and my first reaction is "ugh, i could never date them!" and then all of a sudden, i start to like them back because i think about it over and over again.  i think that's actually pretty common.  not to mention that when i really started to like him, it was to the him i talked to online while i was hundreds of miles away.  i wonder if he ever really did like me as more than a friend, or if it was all just a series of lies.  it wouldn't surprise me at all if it was the latter.  i've told him lies...well not really lies...i've misconstrued the truth many times when we've had conversations - which may be why he thinks i want him a lot more than i do.  i'm a confused girl and say things i don't really mean about 90% of the time.  i'm not at all consistent...i wonder if he's noticed...it's all about trying to get morsels of information...and coming at it from different angles...i wanted to understand.  unfortunately, he doesn't give out that information, no matter what i say.  and going back to my question...i wonder if i ever meant anything to him.  and if he did like me, i wonder when he decided that he didn't want me.  and if i did mean something to him, what did i mean to him?  i want to ask all of these questions but i'm afraid that he'll lie about it or will get pissed off that i asked.  i guess that any attention i give him goes to his head and he takes it as a sign that i want to be with him...so starting now i suppose i'll start treating him differently and be more aware of my actions toward him...don't want him to get the wrong impression.  it's unfortunate that we can't act like how we used to before we got involved...but if this is what he wants, it's what he's going to get.  i wonder when cochran's moving away party was.  i think that is when i finally "got over" him for good...although there was still that physical aspect going on.  in fact, i was just about over him right after the mya incident...but then kind of tripped again.  mike is right in that my problem is i have an addiction to touch, and as much as i tell myself not to do something, i'm weak and give in.  i wish he really understood me.  i am attached to him, in a way, but it's an attachment to touch.  all of my past relationships have been based on my attachment to touch...not the actual person...but being touched by someone.  the physical relationship we've had for the past year only really meant something for about 3 months during which i developed feelings for him...only to realize that i couldn't see myself with him forever.  i knew that i didn't want to have his children.  i knew that i didn't want to marry him.  i knew that i didn't actually love him.  i knew it was a bad idea in the beginning, and i know it now.  he's not who i'm looking for.  so as we continued to "mess around," i didn't associate the closeness with any feelings of affection for him and knew that he was doing the same.  i'm sure that it meant as much to me as it did to him...i'm sorry shea, but it's the physical closeness i want, not you.  i wish he knew this.  i wish he understood this.  i wish he believed this.  i consider him to be one of my closest friends.  he's one of my only true friends.  sometimes i feel like i can tell him anything, but lately i feel like he doesn't want to hear it.  mike is my closest friend but we've drifted away some because of his girlfriend and now living together.  the difference is that i *know* i can always tell mike anything.  and i do.  i wonder why he hasn't told shea about all the conversations i've had with him where i expressed how much i didn't want to be with him.  shea insists that everyone thinks i want him in an obsessive way, but i don't see how mike or kurt could think this considering i've had so many conversations with them about how much i don't like shea and how what we were doing didn't mean anything to me.  i'll never understand.  i'm thankful for them all nonetheless.  they are all very special friends of mine and mean a lot to me.  anyway, the point i was trying to get at was that perhaps this is what people are noticing.  i do love him, but it's not at all in an obsessive compulsive "i want him" nature, it's a "i'd do anything for him because i love him as one of my closest friends" nature.  i'm looking out for him and i would truly do anything for him.