I love reading.  I've read the most unbelievable, the most hilarious, the stupidest, the weirdest stuff.  I've read the most serious, the most mind-boggling, the most disturbing kinds of texts (written pieces).  I've read different articles, books (fiction and non-fiction), stories, poems, blogs, etc.  My reading has brought me far and wide.  It has enabled me to go around the world, and even outside the world.  I love reading; it's my favorite thing to do.  But, in all my years of reading, nothing prepared me for what I have just read a while ago.  It was a news item (from London).  I saw it in one of the forums in RBJ, and it totally shocked me!  The title,  Boy, 15, Raped His Mother , made me feel sick!  As I read through the news item, I was just thinking, "God, what is the world coming to?".  I just couldn't believe something this sick could happen.  I know of the Oedipus syndrome, having read and done a paper on Oedipus in college, but I never really thought that a guy would actually go as far as rape his mother!  Until this very moment, I'm still shaking inside!  Maybe that boy wasn't in his right mind, God, he can't be!  Maybe he was on drugs.  I refuse to accept or entertain the possibility of him thinking straight when he did that.  I've often heard and read of fathers raping their own daughters, grandfathers raping their own grandchildren, and friends raping their girl-friends.  I've heard and read of infants, mentally disabled, and old women sexually abused.  Men  who do this are animals, I always say.  They don't deserve to be forgiven!  They deserve to be given to the dogs or the crocodiles for that's where they truly belong.  They make me want to kick the hell out of every single male human being alive!  But, hearing of a mother being raped by her own son?!  That is just sick!  And, knowing how forgiving and understanding mothers are, that poor woman would have forgiven her son before we know it.  I swear, if I was in any way related to that boy, I would have taken justice into my own hands and cut his you-know-what to a million pieces or just kill him, slowly but surely!  I'd be too angry to feel pity or to hear my conscience!    Right now, I'm too shaken and angry to continue writing about this!  It's just driving me nuts!  Especially after I saw one RBJ member comment that something like this (mother raped by own son) actually happened in Singapore.  The boy, he said, was seventeen and was forgiven by the mother!  Oh, mother!!! :(