It's been awhile since I've updated.  This has been a strange summer.  Sarah went to summer school the first 3 weeks and Jacob started college on June 28.  He hasn't been able to get his driver's license yet.  Here in Stanford they only do the driving test on Thursday afternoons and he has an important class at that time.  This has resulted in my having to take him to a drop off point every morning to catch his ride to Lexington.  He also needs to be picked up every afternoon.  Then, if he works, I have to take him and pick him up when he works.  It will be nice when he can drive on his own.   He's doing well in school, but sometimes I feel like I'm always going to have to be there to hold his hand.  I have to sit with him when he does his homework.  I don't mind most of the time, but sometimes it is frustrating because he wants to do it on his time table, not necessarily mine.  Last weekend some friends from Idaho came to visit.  It was nice to spend some time with them.  Sarah was especially happy since it was her best friend and mom who came.  They spent the weekend in Louisville at the six flags park.  We all went to see Spiderman 2 on Friday and out to dinner.   A nice change of pace.  Tomorrow I'm leaving for Pensacola, Florida, for an ABEKA seminar all week.  I'm looking forward to it, but am a little concerned about leaving my family.  It's probably good for all of us if I am not around.  Maybe they will learn how to look out for themselves.  Sean has 2 days off while I'm gone and works day shifts the other 2 days.  He'll be able to make sure they get fed and Jacob gets to school and work most of the time.  Jacob needs to work out transportation for Wed. and Thurs., but other than that it has all come together amazingly well.  So much so, that I believe it's something I am really supposed to do.  I'm working on getting ready for the school year, but haven't been able to do much in my room yet because the other teacher needed to move her stuff to the other campus.  They were going to do that today, but now it will be after the Florida trip before I can get up in my room and start putting it together.  That gives me a week.  I'll try to get it done as soon as I can so I can concentrate on the curriculum and getting the kids their school supplies.