wahahaha....it has been a week since i left ma blogspotz.. busy mah.. homeworks this and there.. projects.. presentation.. but nvm.. it'll gonna end.. another 5 or i say 4 months left.. leave the 1 month for the exams.. and after that i'm free...like a bird in the air.. no homework,, no this.. no that.. nothing.. but the excitement will only be temporary coz' i'm gonna further ma studiez at some good uni far away from ma home.. and my journey will begin... ONLY if i pass this year's exam with flying colours...   nothin'uch happen this week.. as usual lah.. but there's thick haze coming from indonesia..(if i'm not mistaken) yah my sch was also covered by the haze.. woooho... thank god i didn't get lost in ma own sch.. as ma sch is located on top of a hill..( it's kind of place tht's really  suitable to set up resorts or condominiums here...heheh...cool huh..)..the haze is thicker up here.. eyesight is about 100-150 metres only.. damn.. but it had gone already.. thought of getting an airmask or something(duh)... i'm kind of concerned about my health.. don't wanna get asthma just becoz breathin' n this low class air.. but now..the air is clear again.. can see the city of malacca.. the mitc .. know wht..i've just discovered a very-very nice spot at ma sch just now.. a very beautiful view of malacca city at night from the hillside.. very romantic for couples..wahaha  just a few days ago...have to go to the clinic coz my stomach was aching badly.. man!! and i mean it was very bad.. it was like my tummy is going to burst... damned it..then at the same day i got the same damn aching as well... really pissed off.. rushed to the hospital but this time to the emergency room.. (what the heck??) checked and the results was just the same.. no serious problems but only stomach ache that was caused by eating disorder.. damn.. 2 days absent from sch.. really a burden.. thank god ma physics and add maths teacher weren't around..  so was not left too far behind..  about ma gfs...don't wanna think about it rite now.. leave it as usual.. what i can say is i love both and i cannot leave one of them.. that's for sure..