Movies and so on.  By Drew   Pete asked me to post more.  I can't say no to that.   Pete, as we all know well, will eagerly defend the merits of Ahhnauld.   I don't always share his slavish reverence, but I'm starting to come around.   Take "Walking Tall," which stars Ahhnauld's presumptive heir, an former wrestler whom the New York Times refers to as "Mr. Rock."     The, as his friends call him, is a pale substitute for Gov. Schwarzenegger.  First off, he looks like Derek Jeter's beefed-up big brother, the one who spent some time upstate for a botched B-and-E.  The film is a hack remake of a 70s vigilante flick that piles injustices on one man until he is forced to seek revenge with the aide of a sheriff's badge and a cedar two-by-four.  The Rock has a mild charm, yet there is something so oddly bland about his whole demeanor.   When he swings his mighty log into the property and persons of his enemies, he looks, quite frankly, bored.  The Rock lacks the maniacal, toothy grin, and the signature howl of his Teutonic predecessor.  His accent is boring, flavorless, with barely a hint of ethnic or class origins.  Even his neutral coffee complexion seems ho-hum--he makes Arnold's boiled pink bulk seem edgy and alive.  I can't help but think that a few more years of this (and the frustrations of running the world's sixth-largest economy) will lead to a triumphant return, as the man himself returns from his sojourn in Sacramento to handily dispatch of his would-be usurpers like Odysseus smiting so many suitors.  In keeping with these disappointments, "The Alamo" was a mess.  The film labors to scrape off the heavy varnish of dime-novel mythology that coats the 1836 siege of the Alamo. Yet, as soon as they expose the bare greed, arrogance, and slavery that rest within that haggard Spanish mission, the filmmakers get nervous, and they hastily slap on a fresh layer of honey-colored gloss.    You end up wishing they were a little less apologetic  (like the makers of the chauvinist and yet delightful "Master and Commander") and just let the story breathe. The only standout in this awkward jumble of de- and re-mythologizing is Billy Bob Thorton, whose Davy Crockett is all this film is not: brash, likeable, self-aware, and fun.   I'd ask Pete to dissect the latest man-movies he's seen, but I suspect he's a little busy.