7/11/04  Nichole moved out on Friday and she left me some things to give to Stacey.  Stacey had called me about these things on Friday, but her message had been on my phone along with the unpleasant one, so I pretty much forgot about it.  She called me on Sunday morning about these things, and when I picked up the phone, I misread my clock--I thought it was in the afternoon.  Hilarity (for her) ensued, as I tried to pretend that I hadn't just woken up.  I didn't do so well in that department.  The day was a comedy of me falling asleep when I should have been awake.  Aaron finally got me up for good around 4:30pm when he called about dinner (I had wanted to see  Prisoner of Azkaban  again, but farked it up by sleeping too late).  He and I had a nice dinner and then we went to Hickman to do battle with the copy machine.  Jay was in the computer lab, and he and I had a jolly old time laughing it up over various and sundry.  Aaron and I looked at HP theories (Snape as vampire?!), and generally screwed around until he decided that he had to go prepare for his class.  I felt so much better when I got home.  Mom and I had a nice conversation and I generally felt a lot better about things when I fell asleep (around 8am Monday morning).  7/12/04  I had decided to finish cookies on Sunday night/Monday morning, and I drank Coke and ate cookies as I poured over websites (during my particularly dark hours, I retreated into the escapism of fanfic, etc.).  However, I felt myself getting tired, and I knew I had to be up at noon to go visit Stip's parents, so I tried to sleep.  This was only partially successful, and when I had to wake up, I was miserable and felt sick to my stomach.  The drive was horrendous--I felt like I was going to toss my cookies (har, har, har) the entire time.  I got my orders from Stip's mom--so long as I can figure out the computers this shouldn't be too bad--and Stip and I had a great dissertation conversation (of course, I didn't work on the damn thing when I got home, but I spent most of yesterday being very tired) on the way home.  I didn't do much the rest of the day, and I ended up going to bed before 11pm because I was just zoinked.