I am so sad right now.  Early in the morning the day before yesterday (about 2:30), we went to take our dormmate, Naonao, to the airport.  We wanted to keep her company in her last few hours here in Manila (for the time being).  God only knows when we’ll all see her again.  It was one of those moments when you just wish time would just stop.  It was one of those moments where you, with a heavy heart, reluctantly face one of life's most cruel realities- that nothing really lasts forever.  Forgive my being too sentimental about this…  It’s just that I feel like a chapter in my life has ended with our dear Naonao's leaving.    Naonao is, or I should say was, a dorm-mate.  Her room is just across mine.  We didn’t really become “friendly friends” until after her first semester of stay in the dorm.  It’s funny every time we think about it.  The first time we “really” talked was one night when the lights (power) in her room didn’t work and she had to study for an exam.  What she did was she kept her door open and studied on the floor, just by the door, the whole night.  Seeing her, I decided to sit and join her.  We got to talking and soon, we were there just laughing our heads off.  That was the beginning of our friendship.    From then on, Naonao and I always took lunch and dinner together.  She would jokingly say, “You’ll never eat alone.”  That statement would basically tell you what kind of person she is.  She’s the kind who would stick by you and stay with you at all times.  I have always had a hard time sleeping at night, so what she would do is join me and try her best to keep her sleepy eyes from closing.  She would listen to me rant, rave, whine and just plain complain about anything and everything.  She would laugh at my jokes as if they were the funniest she’s ever heard.  She never failed to boost my confidence whenever I felt low.  She never failed to make me (us) laugh with her cute antics, cool dance steps, and wild ideas.  She never failed to amaze me (us) with her great talent, immense patience and great ability in learning new things.   Even if she was hurt and mad at somebody, the most she would do is cry herself to sleep.  She really showed how and what it was to be a real friend!  In the short time that we were together, she became no less than a confidante, a bosom friend, a sister…    She decided to take a  Leave of Absence  from her college, after a year of studying, and try her luck in the “real” outside world.  She went back to where her heart really was.  She went home and I know that she will be happiest there.  As for me, I know dorm life will never ever be the same without her, but life goes on.  Yeah, I am still sad and I still cry...  But, right now, I choose to be happy!:)