Today was my last day in my interning placement, I am kind of bummed that I won't be able to see these kids anymore but I think I will be alright. I love the kids but fifth grade is not my grade. When I left the kindergartners last semester they all came around me telling me that they loved me and will miss me, in fifth grade you are too cool for that so I got a bunch of hand shakes, an occasional hug, and a bunch of see yas. Bye Ms. M. I got to take pictures with them and apparently they have something for me but it wasn't finished today so they are mailing it to me, I wonder what it could be.  I went to see my Sam today, he was so stinking adorable today I don't know what happened but he was so different. So we did some homework his motivation was a bag of skittles for three homework pages, he did them so fast that I didn't even have to help him that much. He was reading over his homework page and if he misread a word I would tell him the correct way to say it, he patted me on the head and said, "Thanks for the reminder Ms. Cela!" He's so funny. Then he decided that he wanted to read out of the Bible we read 1 Samuel the part about Hannah's Prayer, after we read it he was so happy that we read the Bible that he asked for a kiss. I thought a kiss on the cheek but nope right on the lips. Then as I was about to leave he said, "Ms. Cela we need to pray," well he never does any of this stuff normally so I was shocked! I said "What do you want to pray about Sam?" "Anything," he said. "But you go first." So I prayed for him and his family. Then he prays and heres how it went: "Lord please help me remember you in everything I do." Ok so I am crying by then because that was the most beautiful prayer I have ever heard a kid pray and on top of that Sam who we have been trying to help learn about God is the one who said this prayer. It just goes to show you that kids understand a lot more than they show sometimes and their faith is a lot bigger than ours. I was so excited for Sam, his parent's were shocked like me. I was just thanking God all the way to youth.