Every time I try to update this thing, my computer crashes. That's what happens when you go to the Midwest.  In the last few days, I've gotten lost in a cornfield and well, that's about all that's happened, but I won't hold it against you. No, I went to Chicago and walked around. Cub-mania, my friends. It was good to get the big city back in my veins. But honestly, enough with this bullcrap, the real reason I am writing here is to sing the praises of our almighty govenor. All hail AH-NOLD!!!  It's amazing. He will terminate California. The Midwest is not California. I can tell you that much. There are more mustaches here. People care less about how they present themselves in public. Only 5% of the cars on the road are foreign made. There is a smoking section in restaurants. McDonald's is 50 cents cheaper across the board. So is gas. And the Wal-marts here are humongous. They are like shopping malls. It's really amazing.  In the year that I've been gone, my dad has bought every item being sold at every garage sale within a 30 mile radius of his house. For example, he now has 5 file cabinets, 3 books on the OJ trial, 5 on golf technique and 3 sets of golf clubs, 2 dozen hats (lions, panthers, blackhawks, u of m, wmu, nra, pebble beach, colon h.s., chevy, etc...), 2 bikes, and it goes on and on. He has filed 3 new bookcases. Seriously. I have a new raiders jacket now.  my friend john just got a M-16. Yeah, like a machine gun. I think he paid around 2 grand for it. He is a convicted felon. Just kidding. Really he just reached the 'master' level in the NRA. That means over 94% accuracy in matches. I guess that's pretty good. But I don't own a machine gun so what do I know?  my mom has this new dog, Jackie. She's a jack russell. This dog is on speed, I know it is. It has to be snorting the blow left and right. Nonstop jumping and running and general hyper schinanigans. I want to kick it to Pluto.  The weather has been remarkably splendid so far during my stay (knock on wood). It makes me a happy camper, or at least it will when I go camping this weekend.  Enjoy karate.