urlLink    Eddtrix: This photo made me laugh out loud. There are more, but they're sort of inside jokes from JYF, so the humour wouldn't really transfer. I wanted to put one up though, just as my "funny thing of the day".  urlLink     Kerrang! radio launched (was "unleashed", in their words) yesterday. When I first heard about it I was really excited; a brand new radio station that's gonna play songs by all the really cool bands they write about in the magazine, but, as ever, it was a bit of an anti-climax. It's pretty much like other local radio stations, except a bit heavier. Their playlist seems to only include these songs:  D12- My Band (or anything by Eminem) HIM- Solitary Man Jet- Are You Gonna Be My Girl The Rasmus- In The Shadows Evanescence- Nobody's Fool Nickelback- Figured You Out Blink 182- Down and anything by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.  Up to 5 of those tracks you'd find on a regular pop radio station, so why aren't the broadcasters of Kerrang! being a little more daring? The evening show tonight is a hip hop show, which, if I wanted to, I could listen to on Galaxy, and there's no ska, punk, Britrock, hardcore, emo, nothing. I heard a Jimmy Eat World track at about 1am last night, but even then the presenter called them "Jimmy Eats World". The songs are the most commercial ones by each artist that they can find, and it's really disappointing because I rely on Kerrang! for at least some insight into alternative culture and new music from smaller bands who aren't on major labels with lots of money. They have this thing called "Rated", where they promote certain songs because they're really good. Are the songs by new, up-and-coming bands with a real chance of a successful future, or a band with something new to add to the scene? No: so far, the two "Rated" songs I have heard are the new singles by Nickelback, whose lead singer was once called a c**t by a Kerrang! reporter, and Linkin Park, who need no background information to show you how commercial they are. Overall, though, it's better than the other radio stations, and I'll listen to it because I'd rather listen to Blink 182 over and over again than Natasha Bedingfield followed by Blue followed by Natasha Bedingfield followed by Blue. Ugh, now it's The Rasmus. AGAIN.  Ceff x   We left the radio playing all night long, because the radio's playing all my favourite songs...