Now I know some people see me as the epitome of whiteness. I'm clearly on the bottom rung of middle class. I'm tall, well liked, can go to the bank and find I have good credit, went to college, did fairly well.  But yet there's something else. I mean I severely attracted to women of color. My last two girlfriends were black and puerto rican. In my mind, this begs the question: Am I really as white as people think I am? I mean I can dance. I can understand and use correctly almost all hip-hop slang. I have a very Jewish sense of humor. I love soul food and tex mex. And I adore both Chinese food and little children (Let's face it, they are the cutest.)  Maybe this has happened because of my life experience. I mean I did work with a hugely diverse population when I was in Austria. And now I work almost exclusively with African American children and am often the only non-black person in the room. But I liked southern food well before that. Although, thank God for my discovering greens. If you have never had them.....mmmmmm. It's a vegetable that tastes like meat. Can it get better? No, I think not. Plus, you can't work in Shadyside with kids and parents and not have a little Jewishness rub off. After my second summer there, "Oy vey" became part of my regular conversation.   Of course, it might also be because I'm so German. We got fatty foods and mass genocide to look back on, and no one's smiling at that. I do enjoy a good polka or Weiner Shnitzel every now and again, and I was glad for the Austria experience to catch a little of my ancestry.   I think what's really going on is I'm part of a new melting pot in America that is strictly culteral. Our hearts are melting and we're sharing customs, foods, games, whole cultures. Plus, we have a new world culture that is based on the internet, video games, anime, and cell phones. It's a weird esperonto-like phenomenon that's working. the shorthand of instant messaging is becoming a new form of spelling. Kindegarteners are more computer literate than me.   We still label people by their skin color, but we're so different inside. It's like people that say their outside is male, but the inside is female. Maybe my outside is white and my inside is latino.