gosh i so missed writing here!  i'm missing chatting with certain people too as i have been terribly busy with MA classes and my whole day training sessions at montessori. not that i'm complaining, i'm actually very thankful for the opportunities which seem to be coming my way these days..so very thankful..  just wish i have multiple selves where one can focus on all my requirements for my MA classes, one which will do my assignments for my training classes (yes i have assignments for my montessori training! i feel like i suddenly enrolled additional courses! but as this is the job i'm aspiring for, i can only do my best and pray i'll survive..ah well..), one to finally really fix my things and room, and one which can do all the relaxation and sleep for the other parts of me...  i have a couple of papers to do tonight but i couldn't let another day pass by without writing here..having this blog has more than provided me a way to continue my writing but to also keep track of the thoughts i'm having and the events happening to me..this is really great for me..  yesterday, mom made marc buy certain grocery items before we had our dinner. erik and i went with him and kept him company while he drove. erik pointed out that it's amusing to see that each of us has a particular favorite series which matches our personality, according to her...marc' can't stop talking about the ingenuity of the concept behind the series "24", erik's one of the biggest "CSI" fans you'll ever meet, and me, i've been longing to have the dvds of the six seasons of "Sex and The City"...does that mean i'm into sex? hmmm...  dad drove me and erik yesterday morning to our respective places of destination which i thought was just so nice of him..considering he was on vacation and could have slept in late(we were already on the road at 6am)..and then we found out from marc that dad did the same thing for him too when it was time for him to go to school (around 8am)..and that was just sweet..  today was my second day of montessori training and it was..interesting to say the least..one of our trainors (actually the head administrator of the school) criticized one of the trainees for using words which the latter didn't know the proper meanings of..i hope she's fine now as she was crying on our way home and was telling us she made up her mind to quit already..i think she was just rattled by our head's straightforwardness..that'll be so sad if she quits now..