I am at a the brink of either a really good relationship or totally screwing things up with D.  I just want to jump in with both feet and hurry up and get to the good stuff.  This whole dating thing.... wondering and worrying about phone calls, does he still like me, did I say something wrong, why haven't I heard from him today, blah blah blah - it's driving me up the freaking wall!  OK, so truth be told.... I have never had a long term relationship in the first place.  Yes, it's sad at my age, but it's true.  I'm ready for one - boy am I ready.  I'm so ready I'm afraid I'm going to screw it up and scare him away.  He says he doesn't scare easily.  When he talks to me he uses futuristic language as if we'll be doing this and that down the road.  He seems so perfect for me so far.  I am so much attracted to him it scares me.  I am both eager and anxious for things to get physical, and I'm also scared to death that he will be turned off by the state of my body.  I think I've hooked him with my mind, and he's proven so far that he's not shallow.  I really think this is going to be the most serious relationship I've ever had... it feels that way.  When I think about him I turn to goo.  We have great chemistry so far.  He's not in a hurry, but I am.  I'm doing really good and trying to chill out.  He is out of town this weekend, and I go out of town next weekend.  We are going to get together this coming Friday night.  We did a lot of joking around on messenger on Friday... very sexual in nature, jokes about packing my suitcase.  It's fun... it's dangerous though, I can't do that again at work.  I think the big brother software we have monitors that kind of thing and I don't want to get caught.  I know of someone who worked at her company for 14 years and started messenging boyfriends during the day and got caught - they had records of every thing, all the time she spent, the words she typed.  That would be so embarrassing.  Even if our IT guy told me it was okay to have messenger, it's still not cool to be mixing work with pleasure every 5 minutes on company time.  I know better.  I joined a gym today!  Yes, I'm on a quest.  Whether things work out with D or not, I have to do this for myself.  It's my own life, my own future, and I want it to be a full healthy one.  I want to live life to it's fullest.  One of the things I am worried about with Doug is my inexperience and body image.  Hopefully I will get an A for effort and desire...  Because of my weight and my arthritis, I'm afraid I won't be as flexible and mobile as would be optimal for both of our enjoyment.  Is that a nice way to say I need to go into training.... for SEX!?  Well, I do.  It's the honest truth :)  OK, so now you know I'm old, horny and insecure.  But hopefully you also see that I'm excited, happy and optimistic.    Happy fourth of July!