Arggggggh. Life stinks. I'm sure you all have figured this out already, but sometimes it's just not cool for it to pop out all at once on you screaming, "YES, I'M LIFE AND I'M HERE TO MAKE YOU MISERABLE!" Then laugh in your face. Yeah. That's how psycho not-happy I am today.  In Carpentry we were putting the white wire shelving on our walls. At one point during the lecture Mr. Bury says, "And if you do this right I promise you'd be able to sit on it!" So when we go to do our walls everyone else it putting thiers at four feet or so, and Alayna goes, "Why don't we put it low enough so we can try sitting on it?" We tried! Eeeeh! We finished and Alayna sat on it, and it held. Mr. Bury came over and smiles, telling everyone else to listen up. "This is the perfect example of how a shelf should be made. It's strong enough to--"  Right when he says this, Alayna falls as the shelf bends. It was rather funny because everyone was paying attention and just as Mr. Bury is saying how great ours was it topples -- after staying strong for five whole minutes. Alayna and I were laughing so hard.  P.E. was the usual.  Government was the usual.  English was the usual. (I learned that if you murder someone after planning it you get a longer jail sentence than if you'd just randomly murdered someone. Wow.)  First day of outdoor! Eeeeh!   Actually a lot more happened to day, involving Team Sports lockers that I don't want to go into, but let me just say that it caused my backpack to gain five pounds throughout the day.  Now I'm very tired, and this one girl I know has been hurting herself and my friend and I don't know what to do. The girl broke a promise to my friend by hurting herself, and things just aren't going so well.   Tae Kwon Do now, then a free day tomorrow. Except for practice at 9:30. Election day! How wonderful! +shrugs+ I could care less, honeslty. All I have to worry about is the 2008 election, since I'll be old enough to vote by a mere four months. Maybe five...what's June to November? I guess five. Oh, but I can't vote in 2008 primaries...won't be old enough...  So tired...must...have...day...off...from...school...