these past few days have sucked like hell! i don't know what's been up with me and why i'm so worked up. i'm not sure if it's PMS because i don't get that or maybe it's because i miss jammi so much. i haven't talked to him in a long while now and i'm worried he might be mad at me. hey, i'm trying to wait for his call and he doesn't call anyway. maybe he's busy or something. i just miss him so much and i feel so helpless [again]. it's so frustrating how he affects me so much. i guess my grandma was right that when you're in love, you're too involved sometimes. but i'd rather be like this and in love with him than be okay and still feel that weird searching for something.  school's been okay. it's our exams this week actually. our exams in THE was easy and also the one in religion. the one in social studies was kinda hard and it's our math exam tomorrow. i also forgot to get my filipino notebook so i have nothing to study for tomorrow. plus, i found out about our second quater shit in english and i already feel so challenged just thinking of it.  i've been okay with monique. i try not to think i'm irritated and i act coolly and normally and it just goes away. i guess i'm just in a bad mood lately that i've been starting to think i hate her or something.  drawing has been one of my passions lately. because carmina sks me to draw romantic scenes of her and pinggoy, her crush. whenever i draw, i always imagine it's jammi and i, walking, dancing, hanging around. i'm so missing him right now.  gian and i bought the latest album of our fave band, slapshock and it rocked like hell!!!! the songs were so inspirational and sad and so right for me! i love that band! i love their song, "miles away" coz it reminds me of jammi and i. he is a million miles away!  i can't believe my brother's having problems with girls. he keeps on telling me it's hard to be a chickboy because his two friends are kinda "fighting" over him. he's going on a research with sandra and then lunch with nica. it was supposed to be lunch with sandra but nica got so jealous that gian gave in. my god! he sounded really confused yesterday that it was kinda funny because it's so ironic. he's an expert with women and now he's having a dilemma, it's like he doesn't know what he's gonna do.