missed DRAW,3 hrs,becoz overslp again. sighs..guess my overslping disease is coming back.after so long of an absence.this time round i din set the alarm clock,but the hp alarm.i slept at 5am and i set it to 7am.i heard the alarm actually..but tot cld just slp a while more..so i slept for another 2 1/2 hrs..sighs..  went to sch.try to open up the morg project file,but couldn't.spent 5hrs on the proj,but couldn't open it...=( n i tried for so many times to burn it into the cd...it failed so many times..n finally ok le..but the file still cannot open.tt night i was so super irritated with the com,esp the cd-rom drive..i can't connect to the net,can't type,can't open file,can't burn...watever! it was really driving me nuts! i guess this com has to go soon too...  i had to redo morg in sch.this time i used less than 1 hr to complete it..coz alrdy noe how to do and wat to do..but the lab no BURNER! argh..so went for IDEA. then to OC.  did pretty well for OC.got a "B". so my hard work paid off. =) but the lesson extended to ard 5.30pm.so late for DG.but after tt lesson,i went to burn the morg assignments into my cd-rw.coz cd-r cannot use le..n no cd-r with me.waited for so long to full erase the data in cd-rw.then burn.finally ok le,n it was abt 6pm.went up wanted to hand in the cds...but cannot le.so now the cd-rw is still w me..n i'm gonna be considered late for this assignment.at 1st in the morning dunno who spread the news that morg assignment dateline is extended to wed..bluff me.=(  so i was so late for DG,n everything i've done is useless!i reached the DG at ard 6.30pm when they were alrdy done w the bible study n alrdy praying.=(  but i still did my own bible study there.got to know that "right offerings" is not juz offering money,service etc..but it is to obey and have faith in God..that's the most important and wat He wants us to be.   Zhen Yang then came to borrow my cashcard w/o telling me the reason.    ZY: Hey wat u doing?   JO: Bible study..just happen tt this verse caught my attention,so wanted to find out wat's "right offerings".   ZY: Oh..really studying or not?or acting to be studying?i see wat u r writing..    JO passed the paper to ZY.    ZY: mm..good good. finish le teach me..   JO: u cannot find out urself arh?    ZY: teach ma..i also wan to learn.     Then his hp rang.    ZY: Sorry..(answered hp) Hello?    JO continued doing work.    ZY(after hanging up hp): Hey do u have cashcard?   JO: Yes. (begin searching for wallet)   ZY: thanks. i go upstairs first.    and he went off,happily taking my cashcard. and i din even bother to ask..until at last when i cannot find him,then i remembered tt he din tell me the reason..haha..   after tt went clementi mac w steph,ronald n angela.after tt peiyi,ZY n geraldine joined us.then finally ZY returned my card to me.haha..but up to now i still dunno why he borrowed it.  then we joked n laughed n crapped..esp at the mrt station(left w me,peiyi,geraldine,ZY)..kept making me laugh..until i squatted down on the floor..as usual.haha..  then my train came.ZY n i went to board it.geraldine n peiyi different train.on the train he is still so crappy..kept making me laugh.but well,i told him tt i saw another one in mac again.then he became serious.   ZY: but seriously,are u still affected when u see them?   JO(with confidence): no. i'm free! (started singing) Jesus,becoz of You,I'm free!   ZY: wat song is tt?u must teach me leh..i'm not familiar with many eng songs.i'm from a chinese congregation.    JO : ya really..   ZY: really. wo shi chong hua wen tang de.(i'm from a chinese congregation)   JO: oh ok. but why u go chinese one?   ZY: my fren bring me there.   JO: oh..go with me to my church la. eng one. =)   ZY: where is ur church?   JO: Jurong.   ZY: wah..but Jurong very far leh..    well by now the train had reached JE Station for some time.    JO: u not getting down meh?   ZY(act cute/act blur): huh? is that my train?haha..ok la bye!   JO: bye! hey go   online ok?   ZY: okok. =)    but till now he still nv come. kena bluffed again. haha..nvm man.   haiz..just now when i first visited my bloggy,it says got virus.maybe coz of the song ba..so sad. my com really make me frustrated.  ok man..think i better end. bye! cheerios!