Critical Incident 1   The first four weeks into this program has been both challenging and confusing. Challenging because coming from a design and technical oriented background, a lot of the learning theories are unfamiliar. Confusing because my experience with teaching online revolved around largely technical aspects of LMS manipulation and using learning objects.  It was difficult trying to find a cohesive link to my experience and prior knowledge, to what is being explored and discussed, an important component in constructivist learning (Hein, G.E., 1991). I felt that my experience lacked the depth required for understanding and I was overwhelmed with trying to catch up. There was also a feeling of frustration as here I was with ideas and experiences from valid and existing examples of flexible learning here in Malaysia, with limited applicability in a theoretically driven study of pedagogies in this course.  Basically, I felt like a student who couldn't catch up. It reminded me of my current students in class who sometimes complain of being left behind. As the teacher, my responsibility is to 'teach' to the majority and with a tight semester schedule, there is little room to slow down. Similarly, I felt that I shouldn't constantly forward 'queries' when everyone else is contributing towards a deeper understanding.  What happened then resulted in the 'A-Ha!' moment that is pivotal in the learning process (Sparke, J. & Skoyles, P., 1998). Putting forth some of my concerns in the discussion board and in my learning blog, I was pleasantly surprised to see some answers and support forthcoming from my peers. What happened next was because my peers were not in the authoritative role of the teacher, their input was taken and echoed with my understanding and experience, not blindly obeyed. And there came an immediate understanding of the constructivist learning model, and the roles played by 'teachers' and 'peers'.  Unlike the physical classroom, there are no fixed classes and teaching times to concern with online. Learning goals are at the pace and flexibility of the learner, and this is unique to the flexible learning environment. The role of the teacher is also vastly different (McPherson, E., 2002). In class, as a teacher, I am expected to know-it-all and students look up to you for knowledge. In the flexible learning environment, particularly online, there is little to 'look' to in a visual and social sense, and thus in some ways diminishes teacher authority and results in a more exploratory learning process that is done together.  The question for me is how do we ascertain the roles of teacher and learner in a flexible learning approach? It is inevitable that there will be a host of varying approaches, not just within a program context but sometimes even on a smaller scale. Looking back at my experience, the learning process could have been expedited if I had managed to find my 'role' in this process, which is more than just a follower but a contributor. Feeling empowered allowed for a more proactive participation which then led to a deeper understanding of the learning expectations.  However, how is this role 'setting' done? Course objectives and pre-launch information clearly highlights the 'constructivist' approach taken. Could there be more than just defining roles? A Survey by the Australian National Training Authority, 1998 mentions that it is not so much the learning style a learner has but the skills they have to manage their own learning. Maybe it wasn't the role awareness but the change in learning styles from wanting to be spoonfed information to proactively seeking it out that made the difference.  There is clearly a big distinction between traditional teaching and teaching online. The nature of the online medium clearly discourages or limits some traditional teaching components, such as physical observations of the learner, which affects the way teaching is conducted. The ability to empower learners online (via discussion boards and other asynchronous interaction) allows for learners to be more participative, and some measure of anonymity may entice shy learners to speak out. However, this does not mean that learners will automatically adopt a new learning stance, as in my case. There must be a definitive effort taken to 'adjust' all learners to a style befitting the program and this style is not necessarily homogenous, as long as it is suitable with the pedagogy employed.  The role of the teacher is thus ever more important. Although the authoritative role of a dominant teacher is less employed, the need for a facilitator and guide in this learner centred approach is ever more crucial online, maybe even more than in the classroom (EPS380, Proficiencies, Standards, and Test Fundamentals).    References:   Australian National Training Authority, 1998, 'Teaching and Learning Styles that Facilitate Online Learning', viewed 8 August 2004,  >.  EPS380, Proficiencies, Standards, and Test Fundamentals, viewed 10 August 2004,  >.  Hein, G.E., 1991, 'Constructivist Learning Theory,  The Museum and The Needs of The People CECA Conference,  October 1991, viewed 5 August 2004,  >.  McPherson, E., 2002, 'Measuring Teacher Time in Flexible Learning',  Australian National Training Authority , September 2002, viewed 3 August 2004,  >.  Sparke, J. & Skoyles, P., 1998, 'Analysis of Critical Incidents, testing a framework for developing professional judgement and improving practice through reflection',  The Cantarnet Journal , Summer 1998, viewed 10 August 2004,  >.