I'm back!!!!......with a very very very sexy voice (after all the shouting and Ra-Ra-ing in the camp) Learnt something new in this camp again. I never know tat a simple game like "simon says" can be so fun to the kids. The kids are so interested in this game that the conducting instructor can "coerced" the kids to do things if not he will not play the game with them. Now, i have a new game in my arsenal. I think i can consider myself very much involved in this camp than before cos i am starting to address the whole camp more liao!   In this camp i am involved in dispatching the kids for meals . The fun in this is that i get to control who gets their food first. To prevent a "cluster fuck" in the serving area, i would need to control number of students at each serving point Q-ing up for food. What we did was to make each grp shout their cheer and the loudest grp gets to collect their food and eat first. In this way we can  "entertain" those who are waiting for their turn to collect food while ensuring smooth flow , on top of a chance to bond each team.   In another game called the peanut game ( it is actually a singing response game), i actually led 4 grps against another 4 grps led by another instructor. This is my second time playing this game and i enjoyed it. The best part is the kids also enjoyed it. One thing is that this game was actually played becos i happened to be in the hall and there are only 2 ( including me)  instructors around ...so suck thumb got to help entertain the kids lor.   Next, was the POLAR BEAR game that i learnt from team sangkhim!!! Played this game with the kids. At first my intention is to test the game out and see if it works on pri sch kids. I thought the try was a disaster quite a few of the kids cheated and thus the captured the polar bear very quickly. But this morning i was very very surprised when they came and bugged me to play a game of polar bear before we break camp.   I was reading the feedback forms they handed in and found some comments very funny and interesting. Some of the words the kids used on me are " Best Instructor" , Great" , Humourous, Funny, Caring.....and the best one is one kid say i am HANDSOME!!!  Handsome, i agree lor...cannot deny that.....caring i always see that in other camps i did too....used to it liao :P ....Funny and Humorous....first time for me....i guess i really played like a kid on some occasion with them such act childish or teach them some cock stunts....Hahaha...too bad the one that say i am handsome is a boy.....cannot "cultivate" heehee...though there are really some cute girls in this camp...OHhhh No!!! I am starting to develope paedophile inclination!!!! :) , By the way, this is a Primary 5 Adventure camp for Blangah Rise Primary School.  I shall now rest my throat , or rather my fingers while i await my next camp next week with Pioneer secondary. Stay tuned for the photos that will be coming soon.......  To end this blog , i shall leave u with a cheer i learnt in this camp.   XIAO4 (smile)!!!!! XI3 CHIO3 XIAO3 BIAN4 ( pee)!!!!!!  XI3 Bang4 Jio3 YY........SAAT4 SAAT4 BO3 CHIO3 ( cool)  Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know