Let it be known to the internet world that I consider myself to be a great music connoisseur.  I love almost every facet of the music world, because I have different moods and tastes that require different genres to satisfy my needs.  I recently recieved an iPod for my past birthday, and I listen to it every single stinking day, because I love music that much.  Anyways, there's this blog that I read by an old friend of mine, and he posted a Summer mix tape list of songs that he's listening to.  I think his musical tastes "taste" more like elephant poop, so I'm posting the following list:   The Musical Albums of My World (For This Week or Longer)    Death in Vegas - Scorpio Rising :  I found this by accident while shopping on the iTunes store.  I loved Death in Vegas when they came out with their single "Dirt" waaay back in 1996 or 1998 (somewhere in there), and I figured I'd see what they came out with recently.  I didn't realize that they were responsible for that great opening song in "Lost in Translation" - which is known as "Girls" on this album. I wound up buying the real album for $20 at FYE (which pissed me off b/c it was a lot of money, but worth it).  Other songs worthy of my greatest praise are  Hands Around My Throat, Scorpio Rising, 23 Lies, So You Say You Lost Your Baby, and Help Yourself.    Zero 7 - Simple Things :  I listened to this album 5 times a day for 387 days, starting in the Summer of 2002 and not ending until the Summer after that.  This is one of the greatest albums of all-time.  These two guys (and their various guest vocalists) do a perfect job of creating a mellow feeling with the entire album.  To borrow from the title, it's simply beautiful to listen to.  MTV did an MTV2 preview of what was popular music on their channel in the spring of 2002, and Zero 7's  "Destiny"  caught my attention.  These are my favorite artists of all-time right now, and though I don't listen to this album as much as I used to, I can still listen to the entire CD whenever I get a chance to.  Other songs worthy of my greatest praise are:  I Have Seen, Simple Things, Likufanele, This World, Spinning, In the Waiting Line, End Theme, and Salt Water Sound.    Zero 7 - When It Falls :  This is their follow-up album, and I would dare to say that it's just as good, if not better than, their first effort.  Awesome mellow tracks include:  Warm Sound, Home, Somersault, Over Our Heads, Passing By, When it Falls, Speed Dial No. 2, and Morning Song.   Zero 7 is the perfect band to listen to when the sun is shining and the days are perfect, that's the best way I can put it.  Their music is an experience.   The Darkness - Permission To Land :  This is the best friggin' rock band to come out in years.  This album blows me away every time that I listen to it, as the guitar riffs and the vocals really make this band sound badass.  Check out  Black Shuck, I Believe in a Thing Called Love (best song on the album), Love is Only a Feeling, Friday Night, Get Your Hands Off My Woman, and Stuck in a Rut.    Beck - Midnite Vultures :  Best Beck album.  Ever.  I can't think of an artist that embraces experimentation and evolution more than this guy does.  Listen to these if you get a chance:   Sexx Laws, Nicotine & Gravy, Get Real Paid, Mixed Bizness, Peaches and Cream, Debra (best song on the album), and Pressure Zone.   That's what is playing in my car right now.   My musical taste rocks your world.