I just watched the finale of   urlLink American Idol   tonight. I was really into the show. Its so weird that I really enjoy the show a lot and really care about who wins (for the record I think Fantasia should have won, though really I thought that Jennifer and LaToya should have been in the final 2), given that I hate pop music. Occassionally, I'll let a song get stuck in my head, like that No Doubt song, but as a general rule I don't listen to pop music. Don't buy pop albums, don't listen to Top 40 radio, don't watch MTV. In the words of a dear friend of mine, "I don't listen to main stream music."  This sentiment, that I don't listen to main stream music, is currently causing a condundrum in my life and the life of my equally musically snobbish friends (alright they are probably bigger music snobs than me). These days, a lot of previously obscure indie bands are starting to make it big. Previously relegated to college stations and public radio like  urlLink KEXP , indie bands are hitting it big. I realized this most markedly when I saw the line-up for Lollapalooza this year. Acts include: Modest Mouse, Le Tigre, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, The Walkmen, and The Polyphonic Spree, not mention old staples like Morrisey, The Pixies, PJ Harvey, and Wilco. Three years ago there was talk about brining Le Tigre to Spring Party Weekend, now they are playing the Lollapalooza tour.   I have mixed emotions when bands I like start to hit it big. We played The White Stripes on a radioshow about 2 months before they hit it really big. I thought they were pretty rockin. As soon as I saw their video on MTV I decided I couldn't like them. Despite the fact that I have enjoyed every White Stripes song I have ever heard, I have yet to buy an album. Is it really that big of a deal that Jack White dates Rene Zelweger? For some reason, yeah it is.  The conudrum comes from two competeting human desires. We desire beauty and we desire status. When art (including music) was first introduced to society, only those with status could obtain it. Beauty and status went hand in hand. As the lower classes became more affluent, and manufacturing cheaper and easier, beauty became accessable to the masses. Anyone could buy a recording of the symphony or a painting of a beautiful sunset. So, those seeking status had to look elsewhere. In visual arts this has led to modern art, where the peices are wholly theoretical. If the average man looks at a piece of modern art and says "What the hell, I could do that crap," but the eltitist art snob understands that the painting of white lines on a white canvas is an exploration of space, dimension, and the reality that there is no single entity of "white" then the elitist art snob wins. Their art is not accessable to the masses and they are able to maintain their status.   I'm not really compairing indie music to modern art. While modern art can be quite unaccessable and not easily appreciated by the uninformed, a lot of unappreciated music out there is actually quite good (musically speaking). In fact, the reason these bands are starting to make it is because they are good, and frankly a lot of the mainstream music has grown to be over commercialized, juvinalized, and lacks creative integrity. The problem for me, and those like me, is that before we had status. We were people who were smart enough to appreciate this good music. We were a step above all the rest who enjoyed System of the Down and Brittany Spears and Korn and Backstreet Boys and Avril Lavigne. If all those people start liking what we like, what makes us special?  It is somewhat of a sad reality that bands I favor to not enjoy some success so that I can feel good about myself. But it is a reality. No matter how many White Stripes songs I enjoy, I don't see myself buying a White Stripes album as long as 15 year olds who get their music from MTV are buying White Stripes Albums.  urlLink  postCount('108562765378265799');