So we woke up ass early today to hit up our all day tour.  The tour started with a ride up river to see some caves.  These caves weren't a whole lot compared to the ones we saw in Vang Vieng so I wasn't too impressed.  The boat ride was nice though.  We also stopped at some small villages to do some shopping.  I tried probably some of the strongest alcohol I've ever had.  This stuff was 55%.  I can't say it tasted bad b/c you really couldn't feel anything as soon as it was in your mouth.   We had a lunch break and after lunch we took a bus ride to see a waterfall.  This was a pretty awesome waterfall.  We hiked all the way up to the top and got to look down and see the whole thing from above.  The day wore me out pretty good.  I plan to sleep well.   I like Luang Prabang but I don't think it's as great as people have made it out to be.  For some reason I think I like Vientiane better.  There are plenty who would call me crazy but that's just how I feel. Tomorrow is going to be a long bus ride.  We are going from here to Phonsavon.  This is where the plain of jars is located.  The plain of jars is just that, a plain with a whole bunch of stone jars scattered about.  What mades it interesting is that nobody knows why these jars were built and why there are so many.  They are also massive by the way.   I've also managed to catch up on people's blogs today.  Asma where was your passport anyway?  Becky I wish you were there too.  You're welcome for the postcard Michelle.  Glad you made it back safely Mieka.  Caleb I hope all is well in love and whatever the heck else is going on.  Gabe you need to blog dude.   Atlanta Braves baseball is looking up.  They are only one game out of first place now. I'll talk a little more about Laos since I'm waiting on Gyeh-son.  She is a Korean at a computer so it might be a while.  On thing great about Luang Prabang is they have some killer bakeries.  I had a cinnamin roll today and some cookies yesterday.  I also love how cheap it is to send postcards.  The postcards are also really good quality.  The beer is a good too.  It better be since the only beer you can buy is Beer Laos.  I like it so much I might buy a t-shirt of it if I can find it at the right price.  I think the Loas people have really gotten their act together in on the tourist side of things.  The Lonely Planet I'm using isn't that old but already they've hiked the prices in Laos up pretty steaply.  She's done, gotta go and not time for spell check.