i think one of the worst things someone can do to you is physically shove you away when all you want is a hug, for them to hear the one thing you want to tell them, and for them to tell you that everything is okay.  i guess everything isn't okay, and i'm not sure it ever will be again.  i think it's possible that shea truly hates me, and i'm not sure what i did to him to make him feel this way toward me.  i really really really want to understand what i did wrong because right now i'm completely confused.  i regret everything i've shared with him.  i really do.  i wish i could take it all back.  i confronted him today about the girl's cat that has apparently moved in with us.  if i wasn't allergic to cats this wouldn't be a problem at all.  however, i am and he gave me no warning that it was coming.  so, i told him that i thought it was very inconsiderate of him to get a cat and let it have full roam of the house when he knows that i'm allergic.  i understand that it's his house and he has every right to own a cat, but at the same time, i am paying rent and i shouldn't have to be confined to my room whenever i'm at home.  i simply asked him if he could consider keeping it out of the basement since that's where i spend the most time when i'm at home.  he seemed very angry with me for bringing this up.  he asked when i was planning on moving out and i told him that i didn't know but at the moment i probably couldn't move out until the summer.  then i made a comment like "unless you ask me to move out sooner" and asked "do you want me here?"  he told me he wasn't going to answer that and get trapped.  i'm not sure what that's supposed to mean.  i take it as he doesn't want me here but he doesn't want to be the one to say it or have it be used against him in some way later.  i wish he would just be honest with me.  mike is indifferent and kurt probably doesn't want me here but at the same time probably doesn't care all that much either way.   i know i won't hear from them once i move out.  i'm almost certain of it.  of course, i'll probably run into them occasionally at a party or something but they'll probably avoid me or something.  i hope they know how much that'll hurt.