Mum and Bro...  My brother
picked me up yesterday, and we spent the day hanging out with our mum.
She's still very weary and thing, weak and quite breathless too. She
turns 75 in August. In spite of her weakness, we all had a wonderful
day together at her place in the Blue Mountains - lots of fun and
laffs. My brother and I had just the best time hanging out together in
the car (he drove me home again afterwards - a 1 1/2 hours drive back),
and we talked and laughed and compared notes for ages and ages -
wonderful time. After dropping me off, he dropped into visit the boys.
He's quite wrapped on Alex - he's a famous Uncle now! 
  Scanner
and keyboard.. . My brother gave me his old scanner yesterday as
well! Wow! It took all of 5 minutes to set up, and it scans just great!
Needless to say, I've updated a few photos and things on my website as
a result! Plus, for my birthday, I lashed out and bought a new keyboard
for this thing. I was sick of wrestling with a sticky 'l' key and a
down arrow key too. At last - this one's nice and touch-sensitive,
unlike the last one (an old 2nd-hand thing) which was a real clunker! 
  Photos
updated ... You can check out my new uploaded pics  thru my website . Latest ones of the
boys. Don't forget to sign my guestbook too! 
  CD... 
I also bought another CD (aahhh... the joys of birthdays!). I grabbed
an undamaged 2nd-hand copy of Crowded House - "Together Alone" - it's
the only one of theirs I didn't have. Sounds great! The Crowdies are
one of my favs. 
  Sleeting... 
another freezing day out here. It's about 1 point off sleeting - the
rain is really cold and 'hard' (if you know what I mean, if you've ever
lived in areas where it sleets and snows!) It'd be snowing where I used
to live in Ilford/Mt Vincent, about 70kms away! But, that's like 1,000
meters up atop a mountain, and I'm only like 670 meters up here. But,
as always, once you rug-up for it, it's not too bad at all. The dark
heavy clouds are rather really beautiful, in their own way. It's just
that  wind ... goes right thru
you! Sheesh!
    Cyalayta  
    
       Mal         :o)    
     
   
    Message
Board   
/    urlLink Email 
  /     Go Home