Throat is parched. The first few gulps of water had not brought any relief. Recalling "The Little Prince" and how the main character found himself in the desert. Do thirst and sore throats always evoke cliche images of the desert for me? It cannot be helped. Life is an entire series of cliches you get lost in. Everything has been thought of and created, shown off and reclaimed by merely different names and different cultures. Ultimately, all that we create in our writings are merely the vague feelings that others have not experienced yet. It is only a matter of time before we go through the cycle of feelings, emotions, rational thoughts. Almost as if our minds were washing machines, whirling and spinning the rags in circles.    I think of the students that I will never teach. Only seeing these faces rushing towards me and running their own course, leaving this place and their teachers behind them. Standing in assembly everyday and approaching five years of doing that, I trade my flesh for stone and concrete as I am slowly being carved into a pillar. Just withstanding the daily pressures and overcoming the infrequent but intense, overwhelming urge to run away has indeed taken away much of my naivity and a little of my idealism. The heart takes a couple of knocks and becomes a little wiser, perhaps a little stronger to undergo future experiences with much more fortitude. But being a pillar... sucks. I wonder if my senior colleagues ever notice as they pass by the many full length mirrors in the school hallway. Well they are there for the students to keep their pleats straight and their hair in place yet they could have perhaps revealed something else if allowed to. It could have revealed to Mrs. Tan that she has been having the same hairdo for the last five years and possibly much longer than that from what I have gathered. Then several of the other ladies could do something about the carpet rags that they swathe their bodies with like bandages. Pillars get dirtied. They perhaps suffer the indignation of being trapped in the helpless stoic facade when abused over lengths of time. Pigeon poo, graffiti, flaking paint you can think of others I'm sure.   Their single devotion to teaching is worthy of respect. I can't imagine letting a major part of one's life, like career, be anything but a passion, a conviction. But someone has to do the work of conservation, occasional renovations to these pillars. Certainly, I'm not flippant about the function, practicality and crucial role of pillars but surely, it does not harm to beautify the things that deserve our  utmost attention and respect.   And that is just a thought that I would like to bring across. I know that many here would think this is superficial, unnecessary and certainly not surprising coming from one of the junior teachers. But there must be someone to say something about this, to put it into words and speak it verbally to you. I might have done all these in cliches from images to the very argument or idea behind what I wrote but all these are bearable. You might disagree but I think that a worser thing than all this,   is the inability to write further.