So far so good. Evy and I were both surprised that at the end of the second day (Friday) we both felt remarkably unscathed. It is not that I have not had problems--Friday I was shoved by a 16 year old seventh grader that challenged me and then came in my class after me. I was surprised how well I handled it. Their behavior doesn't bother me. In fact it just makes me more determined not to let them get the upper hand. I have seen bad kids, these kids are not bad (yet), but they want me to believe they are bad. I know they aren't bad so I have the upper hand. My students are sufficiently scared of me and that doesn't bother me either. A few of the girls (the smart ones) seem to respect the way I handle the other students and a few of the (little) boys keep trying to come to my class even when they are not scheduled to. It is nice to know that even though I am feared I am not hated by everyone (yet). I was telling James how surprised I was at my ability to be mean (but fair) and feel no remorse. He laughed and said that I shouldn't take it the wrong way but I can be really mean when I want to. At first I wasn't really sure how to take that, but he assures me that it was a compliment. I have actually left both days of school so far with a huge smile on my face. I like all of my students even the bad ones and everything seems to be going great. Everybody talked about how horrible the first day would be and it wasn't bad at all. The fact that everything has gone so well is scary. Now I find myself looking over my shoulder and waiting for the proverbial other shoe to drop. The most frustrating thing about teaching so far is the administration not the students. To be continued I am sure! My family. Because James and I are a family we went to family day for his company on Saturday. They held it at Liberty Land in Memphis. It was a lot of fun. James is perhaps the luckiest person that I know so I knew he would win a door prize. Since I tend to have bad luck I promised not to touch his ticket and he won as I predicted. After we left Liberty Land we went shopping. That was probably a lot more fun for me than for James but he didn't seem to mind to badly. I made sure we alternated stores of interest so he wouldn't get bored. Today we went swimming. We had the whole pool to ourselves which was nice. Then we grilled hamburgers. All day we have relaxed, worked on unpacking and I have been working on stuff for my classes. It has been a great week and I am actually looking forward to my classes this week!