I'm in the middle of three books right now.  Actually, I just finished one so I guess that makes it two, but I still have that third one on my mind.  The books are Catherdral, by Raymond Carver; Blue Like Jazz, by Donald Miller; and Ivanhoe, by Sir Walter Scott.  They are all very different but I really like them all.    Blue Like Jazz was recommended by a ton of people I know and I am reading it while some of my friends read it too.  Here is a taste:  Author's Note: I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve.  But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxaphone.  I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes. After that I liked jazz music. Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself.  It is as if they are showing you the way. I used to not like God because God didn't resolve.  But that was before any of this happened.   Excerpt from Chapter 2: I believe the greatest trick of the devil is not to get us into some sort of evil but rather have us wasting time.  This is why the devil tries so hard to get Christians to be religious.  If he can sink a man's mind into habit, he will prevent his heart from engaging God.    Cathedral, a recommendation from Dan, is refreshing. I had never read Raymond Carver before and now I want to read everything.  Cathedral is a bunch of short stories written in a minimalist style.  This is the book I just finished.  When I read it, I felt like I was people watching at a park.  Actually, it was probably more like peeping into people's windows at night.  A very close look at life.  Ivanhoe, well, I have been reading this for what seems like forever.  I think I bought it at a yard sale a couple of years ago because I had heard of it and it looked like a book I should read as an English teacher.  I think I picked it up to read a few months ago.  I read a couple of pages a day, if I have more time, I might get a chapter in.  It's set in twelfth-century England and has crusades and chivalry and all that.  It was written in 1812 so the language is different but it's also cool.  I am always looking for book suggestions so if anyone has any recommendations let me know.