urlLink Indicators of Teacher Quality. ERIC Digest.   This ERIC Digest is by Goldhaber, Dan and Anthony, Emily.  From the ERIC Digest:  The No Child Left Behind (NCLB) Act requires that states employ only "highly qualified" teachers by the end of the 2005-2006 school year, and, indeed, research has demonstrated teacher quality is the most important educational factor predicting student achievement (Ferguson, 1998; Hanushek, Kain, & Rivkin, 1999). Although studies have produced contradictory findings about which attributes of teachers are most likely to translate into effective classroom performance, some information on how specific teacher attributes correlate with teacher quality is available, and it can help guide administrators' hiring decisions. This digest briefly reviews this knowledge.   TEACHER DEGREE LEVELS   The research on the value of a teacher's advanced degree is mixed: some studies show that while additional teacher education has a positive correlation with student achievement in some cases, others find that it negatively affects achievement (Greenwald, Hedges, & Laine, 1996; Hanushek, 1986). Goldhaber and Brewer (1997) found that a teacher's advanced degree is not generally associated with increased student learning from the eighth to the tenth grade, but having an advanced degree in math and science for math and science teachers appears to influence students' achievement. The same results were not found to be true for teachers of English or history.  Goldhaber and Brewer (1997) suggest that the findings of other studies about the impact on student achievement of teachers' advanced degrees are inconclusive because they considered only the level of the degree and not the subject of the degree, which may affect student achievement in different ways than the degree level. Nevertheless, results from all the studies seem to imply that there is not a positive correlation between teachers having advanced degrees in subjects other than those they teach and student achievement.