MEATLOAF and CRAZY MIKE  I worked my first Jethawks game.  They are the Arizona Diamondbacks' High A minor league team.  It was cool.  I got free pizza the first night and free meatloaf the second.  John, my editor said the stories were solid, so I guess i'll be doing more in the future.  This Friday to be exact. There were two other guys there to cover the game.  One guy from the L.A. Daily News.  He had a pretty bad stuttering problem.  He was a nice guy.  I don't remember his name, but he was covering the game for Gideon, the normal beat writer.  The second guy, Mike, was from the Daily Press in Victorville.  Victorville is even worse than Lancaster.  It's nowhere from nowhere.  He was covering the High Desert Mavericks, the Brewers farm club.  They're almost as bad as the Tigers.  The Mavs had lost 28 of theri past 29 road games and it was getting to Mike. we all had drinks after the game.  Gideon showed up.  His nickname for Mike was "Crazy Mike."  It fit.  Mike was pretty much a nerotic.  Think George Costanza from Seinfeld.  He went to Syracuse, which is a major journalism school.  he and his friends interned at places like the Rocky Mountain News, Cleveland Plain Dealer, Newark Star-Ledger, N.Y. Times, Washington Post.  What that means is that those are big papers.  And an internship is a very good hook up.  One of Mike's friends wrote for NHL.com when he was 16.  Other friends won all these awards soon after graduating.  So Mike was stress and depressed to be working in VictorVille, while his friends were at big papers.  It depressed me and made me not want to be in the bussiness.  So competative.  Like everything I just.  But after hearing Mike emote, I wanted to hop a plane to Bali.  Interviewing players was cool. I went into the clubhouse after the game.  neat. This was my first time writing on a deadline, and to say so myself, I did a damn good job.  The first game ended at 9:45 and sent my story at 10:30 p.m.  The second game ended at 10:30 and I sent the story at 10:35.  Boo-yah, huh?   urlLink JetHawks game 1   Thiessen plays part in Jethawks win  This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press Thursday, May 1, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ LANCASTER - Everyone expected Mike Thiessen to be a little rusty. That's what happens when you're playing in your first game since 2001.  Even so, Thiessen played a big part in Lancaster's 8-4 victory over High Desert on Wednesday by scoring two runs with a walk and a base hit.  Thiessen, a former 42nd round draft pick, missed all of last season, serving as a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force.  He was in the starting lineup for the JetHawks on Wednesday after joining the club from extended spring training the same day.  "My swing's not perfect, but it's nice to be in a game situation, with the crowd," Thiessen said. "I feel very comfortable. I know a lot of these guys. It's a good environment."  Thiessen and the rest of the team provided more than enough offense for Scott Barber, who pitched eight strong innings.  "He got more confidence as the game went on," Manager Mike Aldrete said.  Barber struck out two batters in both the sixth and seventh innings.  "I made the point to bear down in those innings and keep the ball down," Barber said.  The JetHawks capitalized on a couple High Desert errors in the fourth inning. Sergio Santos singled then advanced to second on a fielding error.   Mike Thiessen singled and Dan Uggla followed with a double to left to score Santos.   Thiessen scored later in the inning on catcher Kade Johnson's throwing error.  Barber was cruising until he ran into the heart of the Mavericks' lineup in the fifth.  Barber walked Daryl Clark, the Cal League home run leader. Then Kade Johnson, second in the league in home runs, atoned for his error in the top of the inning by smacking a towering opposite field home run off the maintenance shed beyond the right field fence to tie the game at two.  The JetHawks blew the game open in bottom of the inning, scoring five runs on five hits. Kroeger, Santana, and Richar doubled.  Lancaster catcher Mike DiRosa hit a home run in the eighth to put the game at 8-2.  High Desert threatened in the ninth, scoring twice, but it wasn't nearly enough.  The defense came up big for the JetHawks, who turned three double plays.  Notes: The JetHawks made several roster moves Wednesday. Jay Garthwaite was placed on the disabled list (shoulder) and sent to Tucson for rehab. He was tied for fourth in the Cal League with five home runs. Infielder Bryan Johnson was promoted from South Bend of the Midwest League and Thiessen joined the team. To make room on the roster, first baseman Jeff Stanek was sent down to South Bend and catcher Eric Servais was released.    urlLink JetHawks game 2   Cormier gets hit hard This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press Friday, May 2, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ LANCASTER - Lance Cormier has been on cruise control for the JetHawks this season.  That was, until Thursday's game, when he ran smack into a brick wall. Cormier (3-3) surrendered eight earned runs on nine hits in an ugly 11-9 loss to High Desert.  The game started off promising enough for the JetHawks. In the first inning, third baseman Dan Uggla continued his hot hitting by slamming a ball off the base off the center field wall, right next to the 410 foot marker.  On that hit, Marland Williams scored on a close sliding play at the plate in which he collided with High Desert catcher Kade Johnson. Johnson was forced to leave the game with a knee injury.  Later in the inning, Josh Kroeger and Jaime Jones each hit soft shots that squeaked through the infield to drive in a run a piece and give the JetHawks a 3-0 lead.  It was a lead that should have been enough for Cormier, who entered the game with a 1.64 earned run average, second best in the California League. He had issued only four walks in his professional career, two this season. But he started off Thursday's game by walking two of the first three batters he faced. Luckily, the defense produced a double play to end the inning with no harm done.  However, Cormier was not as fortunate in the third inning. Six Mavericks reached base before the JetHawks could record an out. The normally reliable Cormier surrendered a bases-loaded walk to force in a run. But the big blow came off the bat of Brian Foster, who was in to replace cleanup hitter Kade Johnson at catcher. Foster hit a bases-clearing double down the left-field line en route to High Desert scoring six runs in the inning.  Foster struck again for Mavericks in the fifth with a two-run homer. It was part of a five-run inning for High Desert, who strung together six consecutive base hits in the inning chasing Cormier in the process.  Kroeger drove in runs in the third and fifth to try and chip away at the Mavericks lead.  Sloppy play by the Mavericks allowed the JetHawks get back into the game in the sixth inning. Lancaster capitalized on a couple High Desert errors to score four runs on three hits.  Lancaster threatened again with two outs in the bottom of the ninth, putting two runners on base, but failed to score a run.  Chris Saenz (2-2) picked up the win for High Desert. Saenz struck out a career-high nine batters in the game.  Kroeger and Marland Williams each had three hits in the losing cause. Williams scored four runs. Kroeger had three runs batted in.  The JetHawks fell to 15-11, while the Mavericks improved to 9-18.   Notes: High Desert snapped an eight game losing streak and eleven game road losing streak. They had dropped 28 of their past 29 road games, dating back to last year, before Thursday's win. ... JetHawk manager Mike Aldrete had a good workout in Thursday's game. He raced out of the dugout three times to argue calls with the umpire.