today was exciting. i got a call around 2am from brandon. he was crying so being the retarded person that i am i asked what was wrong and he told me he got his f*** buddy pregnant. and he doesn't know how he's going to explain it to his girl friend. being the overly concerned friend that i am i was like "dude your life just turned into an usher song..." he got all pissy and said that wasn't funny so my brain then went to his other fav singer Kenny Chesney i was like "ok how about there goes my life..." lol he found that one even less funny then the usher comment. OH WELL. he'll get over it eventually. part of me thinks he's making it up considering the names he's chosen for this particular story... you all know my name is Ashley (i hope..), his girl friend's name is Ashlee, and his "friend's" name is Ashlei... anyone else seeing a pattern??    i spent a good 2 hours at walmart today with my parents. not as much fun as i had with phil but this time we had a list so it was ok.. lol. and i didn't have to sack anything and i didn't squish the bread.. i did however hit some guys cart with mine. i heard someone call it a buggy.. who calls it a buggy? anyone? i think that's weird.. you're weird.. moving on. i met phil at fun house after my walmart adventure around 3 and we went to his apartment and hung out until for awhile. we watched Joe Dirt and hung out with Heather. then we lost his keys. i'm curious as to where he found them.. and whether or not he found his glasses. and it's good to know he's scared of my mom, it's cute really. hehe. but it's a good idea he didn't come in.. because apparently i told my mom i was just going to fun house for an hour and then i had to make up what we did for 5 hours.. lol. i forgot i told her that.. oh well. i've talked to her about your eating habit mostly because i don't think it's a good idea but that's just me, and i was glad you ate that biscuit.. lol and you better eat tomorrow, or.. else.. a bug will bite you on the neck.. a lot.. while you're sleeping.. and.. you wont like it! (no one knows what i'm talking about.. so funny..) anyway.. so when i told her i wasn't hungry she told me if i didn't eat i'm not allowed to hang out with you anymore lol. umm i think i'm done babbling about that!    as a side note.. the agreement with my parents was i could dye my hair after i got my senior pics done.. black is still a big no no but oh well (i even tried dark brown and she said no..) so i got a strawberry blonde color. since it's not red i'm hoping it wont turn orange this time.. i think we're gonna do it tomorrow night.