I'm at a friend's house, using her computer. Probably won't have much chance to use it again but will try to check in once a day. Our house is fine so far.   Friday night was horrendous. At the last moment, as the police cars were driving thru the neighbourhood telling us to get out immediately, Jesse locked the keys in my car. I was so distraught. Ernie was trying desperately to break into the car, the police were telling us to hurry, we'd heard on Castanet that the fire was at the end of Gordon road, which is only a mile or so away.  I remembered that my brother Gordy had an extra van key on our truck key set when he took the pickup to his place but he was 8 miles away on the other side of the road block.  I phoned and luckily he answered.  I told him he'd have to try to get through the road block  and that I would run down to meet him.  I ran down to the corner and asked the police if they'd let him through - it was the longest 20 minutes I ever had to wait. Finally he arrived with the second set of keys and we drove back home to open up the van and get out of there.    We drove back to Gordy's house and parked the motorhome in the backyard.  He only has a little 2 bedroom house so Ernie, Jesse, and I are sleeping in the motorhome, Mom and Rod are in the 2nd bedroom, and Angie has gone to stay with Carly and Tom at their apartment.  The Farquhars are staying in a friend's house across the lake.  Vanessa called Angie today and said they think their house may have been lost - they were watching the entire area up in flames with a telescope on Friday night.  As for my mom's place, we think it's gone. That area was badly hit. Over 200 homes were lost last night and more expected tonight when the wind picks up. I just looked at the thermal shots on the castanet website and the fire is clearly over my mom's house. Unless the shots aren't that accurate, it's gone. This whole thing is like a night mare for our city. Unbelievable. Gotta run now. Will post more later or else whenever I get back into my house.   We went into the evacuation centre this afternoon to register.  Overwhelming emotion that hits you when you walk in that place and realize you are one of "those" people.  The tears welled up and it was hard to answer the questions for the volunteers.  The people there are amazingly helpful and compassionate - in  fact, they are so nice, it almost makes it harder.  Mom and I are both in tears everytime someone says something "nice".  Fire Chief Gerry Zimmerman has been amazing.  Unlike the Barriere fire, he has been extremely open with the people and with the media, keeping us constantly updated and trying his best to let us know what is happening all the while, fighting the fire.  Kelowna is very proud.  All the kids at my school are evacuated so school start up is in question now. Many of them have lost their homes. Oh and also, it looks like our old house that we loved so much up in Crawford estates is gone too. And about 8 others that we built for other people in that subdivision.   Bye for now.