I am sure by now some of you read about the adventures of my return trip from Nagano. Well, my return from Hiroshima ended up being quite an adventure as well. Having been warned of the approaching typhoon, we were concerned about the fate of our evening flight.  We therefore called ANA several times throughout the day and were eventually told we could call at 6:30 to learn more.  Having a 7:10 flight meant we could not wait until then to leave for the airport.  When we arrived at the airport we claimed some seats and read the notice that said they would be checking the weather at 6 O'clock.  At 6 they still didn't know and said that they would check the weather again at 7 and let us know.  Getting a little concerned, we started questioning the ANA ladies about our options.  All of us obviously wanted to know if we would be making it to work the next morning as nenkyu(paid leave) is running low and already in the negatives for some.      Apparently, the earlier flight from Hiroshima was routed through Nagoya and had been sitting there fore quite some time because of the typhoon.  Having had the typhoon completely skip us (don't know how it happened as it went right past us) we were pretty confident our flight would leave.  Unfortunately, the weather in Sendai was awful and although the plane might make it to Hiroshima, there is a law in Japan that says no flight can take off after 9 or 9:30 so there was no way we were going to make it home.  We wish they had just been honest from the start instead of giving us maybe over and over again.      Our options...they were dealing with us separately from everyone else I guess because we weren't just accepting what they said.  We weren't content to just change our ticket for the following morning and disappear for the night.  When they finally told us we could get on a flight to Tokyo, we had just missed the plane that would have gotten us there in time to catch the last shinkansen to Sendai.  We were then told we could still go on the last flight from Hiroshima to Tokyo but would only be able to take a night train or bus from there or stay in the city for the night.  All of those options would have been at our own expense. None of us were looking to spend much of anything.    They then told us we could stay at the airport hotel but that would have been 8,000 yen for each of us. About $80 US was more than we wanted to spend.  We told them we couldn't afford it and so they tried to find us somewhere less expensive.  They found us a place that would give us a discount rate of 3500 yen each but we would have to take the bus back into the city and round trip that would have added another 2000 yen each.  We still weren't happy. We asked to stay in the airport all night but they told us the airport closed so that wasn't possible.  We then tried our final option which was to have them call the airport hotel and ask if 4 of us could stay in a double which meant we would each be paying 4000 yen for the night.  We were quite lucky that the hotel agreed as breaking the rules is usually something not tolerated at all or even considered in Japan.  The room ended up being quite large and the nicest place we stayed in by far.  We all slept quite comfortably and were able to be on the 11:25 flight the next morning.  Another day of school missed but oh well...it happens.