Oh dear. Everyone is having a go at me for being completely underwhelmed about job. I'm sorry. I am happy and relieved, yes. I am just slightly terrified and feel like I've just condemned myself to work like a fucking Trojan for another year. Plus it has all happened so suddenly that my poor addled synapses are stuggling to relay the information to my facial muscles and speech centres. I am squeeing inside, I promise.   Underenthusing with Mags McR   Guess what I've got, Mum?   A cat?   No, a job!   A JOB! But you haven't even done an interview!   Yes, I did one yesterday *outlines events*   Oh. Why didn't they want the other applicants?   I don't know ... maybe they were crap or something, it doesn't matter reallly.   Yes I suppose. But where will you stay?   Probably just in New Cross. I can get a train from here no problem.   *doubtful noise* Hm. I just don't want you getting mugged on the way home or anything. You know. And what about Chris' work?   Well if we stay in New Cross, it won't be a problem, will it?   Well ... and is it a  nice  school?   *losing patience* Well apart from the rival knife gangs and crack addled playground whores, yes it's lovely.   Yes, well that's good then. I'm just going to cut the grass. Write your grandad!   Yes I will. Bye Mum!   *shouts in the background* Ian! Where's the cat? Get her out of there! What? Okay then. Bye!   *click brrrrrrrrrrrrrr*  Sigh. Meanwhile, I am trying to summon up some energy for the final lap of the PGCE derby. Jesus. I still have the concerfuckingtina book to do, along with my two resource boards (might just do one) and getting my files back in order. Mr Bird, do we have to submit our files during the exhibition? If so I am utterly buggered as I have dismantled them to put in my folio.  OH SHIT WE ARE MEANT TO MOUNT LESSON PLANS TOO. I had forgotten. I also have to do the KS3 essay (yes, that one is still dragging on) and this really weird internet thing that I don't understand at all. And don't even talk to me about professional portfolios. Mine is non-existent.   O God! O Jesus Christ!   At least am not being burned alive in pagan ceremony while Britt Ekland takes her bra off.