so i haven't been here in awhile..  Sunday evening Chris dropped some.. nice news on me that i'm not allowed to talk about.. call my mom she knows lol. i hate that i can't lie to that woman... anyway we decided (well HE decided) it was in our best interest to just date for now. but i'm ok because i understand the whole "needing space" thing and needing time to get over someone, him and his ex were together for 3 years. and even tho i think she's a bitch.. i still understand his need for closure. which is something i still need from Brandon. he never stopped calling me.. it's weird to tell him to bug off when he spent almost 2 months telling me he loved me, and the last 2 weeks telling me he wanted to marry me. i just don't want to hurt him ya know? and part of me likes it because it makes me feel wanted and needed and that's just my own pathetic little thing.. ANYWAY!! for all you males reading this! i'm currently available for your dating needs! i'm hoping Jon calls me because i lost his number... wanna know how? funny story really..  as most of you know i started babysitting on monday. it's been interesting.. don't get me wrong the girls are just awesome. they talk back a little but what kid doesn't these days? anyway.. So i'm in the kitchen today drying dishes when i hear this odd clinking noise right? sounded almost like glass and then a gasp followed by an "uh oh". with a "hannah!!" and a "go get Ashley" "no you get her" "you did it!!" and then i hear the slow footsteps of Claire (she's 5).. "Ashley.. umm.. i.. umm.. *looks around* i.. i dropped your cell phone.. in.. the toilet.. and... you need to get it out.." that's when she panicked i guess she thought she was in trouble i just thought it was funny.. anyway! it's on and all that.. but the screen doesn't work.. so if i don't know your number by memory then well.. you'll have to call me! hopefully i can take it in tomorrow to fix it.. i forgot the best part.. while i was drying my phone Hannah says "you better wash your hands" i said i planned to and Claire finishes it with "yeah my daddy took a big 'ol dump this morning!".. ahh kids..