Well, here I am, trying this thing called blogging.  I can't promise it will be updated often.  I can't promise what I write will be interesting, but I can promise it will be in english...  I'm doing this for me, but I may let a few people in on the joke. I'm doing this because I want to look back at my thoughts three months from now and laugh at myself. I want to laugh at what I thought was important. Laugh at what I stressed about. That's what the title of my blog means. I can look back at this weekend and think, "Man, I really shouldn't have had that much to drink," (which is very true, by the way)but at the time it was a perfectly good idea to drink half a bottle of whiskey and a few beers to wash it down. We can all second guess ourselves, and the reality is, if we don't make the same mistake twice, we'll make a different one instead.  So, I want to write my goods, bads, and uglies down, for me to look back on and laugh, and maybe even help me avoid doing the same thing twice.  A friend of mine included in her blog a song by Jamie Cullum called "Twentysomething." It was a simple, yet insightful song that pretty much sums up where I'm at in my life right now.  And, since I'm a Twentysomething myself, I thought it was appropriate to include it in my first blog.  This is me...  ---- TWENTYSOMETHING After years of expensive education A car full of books and anticipation I’m an expert on Shakespeare and that’s a hell of a lot But the world don’t need scholars as much as I thought Maybe I’ll go travelling for a year Finding myself, or start a career Could work the poor, though I’m hungry for fame We all seem so different but we’re just the same Maybe I’ll go to the gym, so I don’t get fat Aren’t things more easy, with a tight six pack Who knows the answers, who do you trust I can’t even seperate love from lust Maybe I’ll move back home and pay off my loans Working nine to five, answering phones But don’t make me live for Friday nights Drinking eight pints and getting in fights Maybe I’ll just fall in love That could solve it all Philosophers say that that’s enough There surely must be more Love ain’t the answer, nor is work The truth elludes me so much it hurts But I’m still having fun and I guess that’s the key I’m a twentysomething and I’ll keep being me  ---  I know that falling in love is not the answer, but sometimes I hope it will be.  I know that work isn't the answer, but sometimes I make it my answer.  Life has been funny over the past couple years.  I've lost people I loved, lost my sweetheart, and left my support system for a place that was completely unknown for me.  I've gotten drunk, been stone cold sober, and laughed with new friends in new places.  I've lost touch with people I thought I'd be close to forever, and I've met new people that I now think I'll be close to forever.  I've been kissed by a few women, none giving me the feeling I miss, and I've kissed a few women who I didn't give the feeling they missed.  I've  gotten in way over my head with a job, and sometimes feel like I'm tricking people into believing I'm doing well.  Other times, I feel like I can do no wrong.  My head is full of these contradictions, as I'm sure everyone else's is.  If you're reading this, I'm sure some will sound familiar...it's the common experiences that make us human.    So comes to a close my first blog of many (or few).  Until next time...I'm still having fun and I guess that's the key.