Just like a Wop   by Scott   ok you mook i did a little research myself and found an  urlLink enjoyable site  that will help clear this up. in fact it will clear up almost any dago semantics issue. We see that "mook" is basically a jerk, because it comes from "jamook," which through the years of goombah telephone has transformed into "jamoke," popular with fans of professional wrestling.   but, the definition also includes a curious postscript, "also used to describe someone who is subservient to you," which would indicate that my explanation to you of a mook being "the big boss" as not far off. So curious was this postscript that like a good journalist i  urlLink investigated  further.    urlLink This site  of "brooklynisms" explains that mook is a "knucklehead," which i suppose explains why Johnny Boy flips out upon being called one, although i would site that his character is just a little on edge. besides, aren't the other characters in that scene uncertain of what a mook really is? i remember seeing quizzical looks on their faces. as such, perhaps Johnny Boy attacks  because  of this confusion, this rift in racial identity, an insensitivity to the clandestine graces of being italian, of knowing who's "one of our boys."    thus mook has come to the current usage of "jerk" because of the audience's reliance on Johnny Boy the anti-hero to protect all that he is. still, it doesn't mean that's the definition of mook.   however i'm of the opinion that everything  urlLink harvey keitel  says is confusing. the bad lieutenant has thrown us off the scent of the truth yet again. surprise surprise. the big studio screenwriters must have had a meeting to discuss narrative disorder, and they all came to the decision that by inserting a keitel character, all the misunderstandings and laziness in their writing could be transferred to his ugly, sloping shoulders.     some other cool brookynisms: a "fugazy" is guiney for "con job," which really would send a shockwave through the rabble-rousing community of emo-rockers; a "scootch" is a real pain in the ass, a usage i think many of us could have a lot of fun with.