I discovered a dollar theatre with Carol Friday.  While I should have been studying, cleaning, entering online applications to school districts which they will ignore, I went to see 50 First Dates with Carol.  It was cute.  Better than 10 ways to lose a guy or whatever that was called.  I was getting them confused.  I prefer Drew to Kate and of course I prefer that boy with the southern accent that i can't recall his name at the moment to the funny brunette who I can't recall the name of either.  So they're about equally silly.  But happy, happy.  Friday night I went to South Beach with Danish Muffin (so dubbed in the women's restroom by German Jeff).  Her friend Teresa was there as well.  It's free to get in between 10:30-11.  Of course I get fucking lost and end up getting there at 11:30.  somehow I manage to end up at Elgin and 45.  Some guy told DM that Elgin turns into Westheimer and if i just keep going straight I'll get there.  Maybe he said something about north  or south.  I didn't fucking have a compass, okay.  I just thought taking I10 would be quicker than the loop.  And it would have been if I had exited WAugh instead of going all the way into downtown.  Anyway.  Teresa was very freaked out about the fact that men were in the women's restroom.  I was very freaked out about the fact that even gay guys don't wash their hands.  And I couldn't shut up about it.  And she couldn't shut up about how nasty the restroom was.  And Danish Muffin couldn't shut up about how rude people are and why doesn't the bartender speak.  He only smiles.  Sweety, with a smile like that, he don' need ta speak.  So at one of our many treks to the ladies' room, this guy steps on Danish's foot.  She makes a huge deal out of it.  Foot stepper's friend gives her $20 after I point out that I love his bracelet and DAnish Muffin says it's TIffany.  "We like anything in that blue box."  So how do you like that??  Someone steps on her foot and she makes $20!!!  No one gave me $20.  (well, one freaky guy gave us each $5 to put in the underwear of the three dancers.)  Why didn't he just give the dancers the money himself?  That's what I asked.  "the dancers are straight.  they would rather be tipped by women."  I just did that crooked raised eyebrow thing at him.  "I really just like to see people enjoy themselves."  Bullshit. But whatever, I decided to play.    Miss Muffin said only to give the money to the guy on the end, and most especially NOT to the one in the middle.  But I felt each guy should get an equal share.  But she was vehemently opposed to the one in white undies.  "white underwear. YUCK"  Well, so I give the favored one on the end his $5 and tell him that i've been instructed to give this to him by a secret admirer.  He says "instructed?"  I say "someone TOLD me to do it."  I tell my husband this and he asks if i think the dude was offended.  I honestly don't think the guy knew what instructed meant.  Anyway, the middle guy went on break and I gave the other $5 to the one with white panties.  He apologized for being sweaty.  whatever.  I dont' have a problem with sweat.  We pocketed the other five.  Danish Muffin made us.  She was in rare form.  I LOVE my Danish muffin, though :-).  So we dance the night away, freaky guy buys us some drinks, we have a conversation with a guy in a t-shirt cut out for the breasts to stick out about which hurts more, having your penis pierced or having your nipples pierced (he says penis, someone else told us nipples b4.  i'll just accept that they both probably hurt a whole hella uv a LOT.), then Teresa's "friend" Sign Guy (he installs signs at her office?  I don't really understand it, but he's oh so much cuter and sweeter than her boyfriend) buys us some drinks when he arrives after attending a show at Last Concert.  And he didn't even drink himself.  He had water only.  That was VERY very nice of him.  Unfortunately i was just way too drunk to drive home so Teresa drove us back to Miss Muffin's where I immediately fell out.    Next morning, we go to get my car and I can not find it.  I'm just about to call Trevor with the news and have about decided that I want one of those little bitty square cars to replace mine and wondering if they're cheap enough and if the insurance company will cover a rental and how long it takes before they accept that the car is stolen and fork out the cash when we find it in some lot not any where NEAR where the valet guy said he parked it.  I love south beach though.  Everyone is so friendly.   Saturday was spent trying to deal with the damn bees AGAIN!!!  Last year they cost us 400 bucks to get rid of.  It was kinda fun and a learning experience and we got to have all that honey.  This year, I'm just PISSED at the fuckers.  They should not have come back.  The bee guy took the hive out.  He stuffed the area with insulation.  DAMnit!  So we have basically sealed the tiny hole near the kitchen window and all along that entire side of the house so that they can't get out.  A few have managed to find their way into the light fixture above the sink.  We just keep spraying.  I have this really bad feeling about all this.    Em's friend spent the night and today we played Apples to Apples.  I LOVE that game!  Aunt Emi and Uncle Mike are the greatest!!!