I lost my cellular phone the other night.  It took me some time to see the brighter side of this.  Hmm, oh well…  Let me start by talking about that day (Tuesday).  It was a good day and I was really excited because I was to catch “ Happy Together ” at the  UP Film Center .  I mean, after all those years of waiting for a chance to see the movie and looking for a copy of it in vain, I was pretty much psyched up about the thought of finally seeing it.  And, especially after my very good friend,  Bok , lent me a copy of it, but every stupid PC at the dorm just wouldn’t read the damned DVD.  I was just so happy when she informed me that it was going to be shown at the FC.  So naturally, I was bubbling with excitement the whole day.  And, after waiting for what seemed like centuries, it was finally six o’clock and I was standing in line.  The movie was absolutely great.  I’ve never seen anything as brave and as “gay” as that movie.  What I loved about it is that even if I’m straight and all, I didn’t feel excluded in whatever way while watching the movie.  I cried a number of times.  By showing the ups and downs of the two main characters’ relationship, the movie made me see the ups and downs that people, whether gay or straight, go through.  And, the loneliness of the characters really got to me.  The movie showed me truths about life much more than most movies I’ve seen ever did and affected me… much, much more than I ever thought it would.  I say it’s definitely  Wong Kar-Wai ’s best!  I’ve always loved  Tony Leung Chiu Wai , but in this movie, he really outdid himself!  I totally loved the movie!:)  Okay, so after the movie, I went to grab a bite at  Philcoa  and eventually decided to stay a little longer so I could check my email and read whatever’s new with my blog friends.  But, I couldn’t really concentrate since my mind was still in “ Happy Together ” mode, meaning I couldn’t think of anything other than the movie.  Just before I left the Net Café, I checked my cellular phone in case my friends texted me.  No message received.  I never thought that would be the last time I’d see my phone.  After that, I went to the terminal and took the jeepney.  As we approached  UP Campus , I noticed that my bag was opened halfway.  Not giving it a thought at all, I just closed it.  As soon as I got to my room, I opened my bag to get my phone.  I was so shocked to find it wasn’t there.  I looked for it in the pockets.  Not there either.  Then, the idea sank in.  Somebody took it; that was why my bag was open!  I was in deep “ Happy Together ” thought that I didn’t even notice my bag being opened and my poor phone, my companion for two years, being stolen!:(  I was in total shock for a while.  I wanted to shout; I wanted to cry.  I wanted to tell my friends, but how could I?  I couldn’t text them, I just lost my phone!  Then, I calmed myself down and kept telling myself, “Happy thoughts, happy thoughts! Come on, happy thoughts…”  And, after a little more self-pitying, I finally got over it.  I thought it was a good thing, after all, that whoever took my phone didn't take anything but the phone.  I mean, imagine if s/he took my wallet as well.  God, that would have made me really cry or want to kill somebody!  Having lost my phone would mean “freedom”.  I won’t have to text some people my whereabouts all the time.  I won’t need to explain why I didn’t text back or why I couldn’t go and meet up since there’s no way I’d have known that they texted.  Believe it or not, these things were enough to make me smile.  Oh, and, besides, I can still buy a new phone… yeah, after I’ve saved enough.  Or maybe my folks could get me a new one.  Hehehe!:)  Now, how’s that for a brighter side?;P