So I am sitting here thinking how cool is this?! An online journal! I try to keep a regular journal but I don't think I have written in it for a long time.  I am thinking of the things that God has been doing in my life recently. I have been so blessed to be able to go to ASU East's education program, I love it, I didn't realize that being a teacher is so much work. The plus is ultimately you get to see kids grow and learn, also you are able to give them love and support that they might not be getting at home, that to me is so worth all the time spent learning and figuring out how to be the best teacher there is. Let's see I have been praying for a long time to find a job that has good hours that I would enjoy doing. I found through the HOPE Program a couple of good jobs but once I started with a family I still couldn't get a consistant schedule, and that was hard because I only got payed once a month and gas money wasn't there. God heard my plea thankfully (it's funny because I was starting to think that he just didn't hear me) maybe it was also because I actually started to do something about this situation. Well Brenda has a nanny agency and it worked out that this one family needed someone. This job is such a blessing, not only for financial reasons but because the mom is trying to figure out stuff about God and I get to share with her some of my feelings. Also I get a chance to work on my cooking skills, try new recipes, learn how to become a wife of nobility. One more thing for the night, I am so blessed to be a part of the Gilbert Vineyard. There are so many amazing people there, I loved this church even before  the merge and now I get to love it more. Tonight in youth, I was reminded of how much I totally love having both East Valley youth and Gilbert youth as one. Allyson as you might know is like the hip I don't have, hee hee. She totally blesses me, but tonight as she was singing I was thinking of how the angels worship Jesus, and I think it would be similar to how Allyson worships. I was looking around and had to smile (with pride) because I saw Kristen and Liz lifting their hands worshipping. It is so neat to see teenagers lay all their cares aside and give their all to God. It is so beautiful, they are so beautiful because of it. And as a leader I am so proud of the growth that these youth are experiencing. I should go now but I just want to say that I am so blessed, and sometimes I forget all that God is doing in my life but as I write I can see that he is so good and faithful, thanks God. YOUR AWESOME! Cela