Sing a song   Every time I hear  The Fallen One  by  Hammerfall  my eyes get watery. It's not just nice lyrics, it's the whole melody that just brings up a whole bunch of emotions. But it's not just that one. There is a whole bunch of songs that make me feel all giddy and fuzzy inside. There's  Always Will Be ,  Remember Yesterday , and  Glory to the Brave .  There are other great bands as well. Many songs by  Stratovarius  bring out my soft side, including (but not restricted to)  Dream with me ,  The Abyss of Your Eyes ,  Celestial Dream ,  Falling into Fantasy , and  Season of Change . They have a great array of energetic songs too:  Lord of the Wasteland ,  Soul of a Vagabond , and  Magic Carpet Ride , among others. Next is  Blind Guardian . Their array of songs is just as impressive as  Stratovarius ', with the bonus feature of having great epic songs (most based on Tolkien's Middle Earth), which I'm a sucker for (I am not a  Homo Sapiens , a thinking man, I am a  Pan Narrans , a storytelling ape). Let's start with slower songs:  A past and Future Secret ,  The Wizard ,  Lord of the Rings ,  Mies del Dolor ,  Black Chamber , and  The Bard's Song - In the Forest  are just a few. Whenever I need an energizing jolt I like to listen to  Thorn ,  When Sorrow Sang ,  Blood Tears ,  The Quest for Tanelorn ,  Noldor (Dead Winter Reigns) ,  Mirror Mirror ,  The Bard's Song - The Hobbit ,  And then there was Silence .... gee, just about any of their songs.  While on the topic of  Blind Guardian  I have to give  Demons and Wizards  (D&W) a mention of honor. D&W is a co-production between  Blind Guardian  and  Iced Earth . The former brought in their bombastic chorus and fanciful melodies, while the latter brought in raw emotions and strength. The two bands complement each other really well, and D&W is the perfect example. When I get angry there is almost nothing better to calm me down than two of their songs,  My Last Sunrise  and  Heaven Denies . The former is great - it starts slow, almost brooding, and carefully picks up energy bit by bit, word by word... and then there's an explosion of emotions, and all the rage just flows out and trickles away... the song is slow again, and energy builds up, the anger accumulates... a short silence... and then all the bile just flares up and consumes itself, but the song keeps up its tempo, and you take all the anger and hate you got in your head and add it to the song, until at the very last you spent it all, and the song slows down... ah, that was refreshing. I feel much better now.  I mentioned  Iced Earth  (IE), and it fits in perfectly after D&W because theirs are great anger management songs as well.  Damien  is specially good, because it not only has the tempo changes from D&W's  My Last Sunrise , it also tells quite an interesting story. If by now I'm not calmed down then  The Phantom Opera Ghost  will... the whole song is set as a dialog between Eric and Christine (from the play), and the whole story unfolds as they sing... beautiful. Like  Blind Guardian , IE does a lot of epic songs, but with a different setting. Whereas  Blind Guardian  likes fantasy themes, IE prefers settings about human nature, sorrow, roots of evil...  The Suffering - A Question of Heaven  is just lovely... it's based on the Spawn comic book, and it basically tells the end of the story as if Spawn was telling it. Very emotional.  Let me wrap up this rant with  Iron Maiden . There is not much I can say about them that hasn't been told already. I got their new CD less than a week ago,  Dance of Death , and it really surprised me. When  Brave New World  came out it was a big change compared to their older records, a lot slower, a lot more melodic. I liked it, but classicists weren't happy.  Dance of Death  pretty much bridges the gap between old and new, and the results are just awesome. The variety of riffs and melodies in this record span all of  Iron Maiden 's history, as well as other bands'.