urlLink The Status of Teacher Education in Community Colleges. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Nathan R. Durdella.  From the site:  The United States is in the midst of a teacher shortage.  By 2010, the United States will need between 2 and 2.5 million more elementary and secondary school teachers to enter the classroom and assume the challenges in public schools (Townsend and Ignash, 2003).  While 4-year colleges and universities continue to offer comprehensive teacher preparation programs, community colleges have expanded their programs in the field of teacher education in recent years to provide additional options for teacher training.  In addition to offering the first two years of requirements for a baccalaureate degree, community colleges have added coordinated programs for transfer, added new certificate and associate degree programs, and augmented support services, all of which have increased student access to and completion of teacher preparation programs.   This ERIC Digest, drawn from “The Role of the Community College in Teacher Education” (New Directions for Community Colleges, Spring 2003), examines trends in teacher education in the community colleges, including building partnerships and articulation agreements with baccalaureate-granting institutions, designing new associate degree and community college baccalaureate degree programs, and gaining accreditation. Building Partnerships and Articulation Agreements    Building partnerships with 4-year colleges and universities has become central to community colleges’ efforts in teacher education.  In fulfilling one of their missions as the first two years of a baccalaureate degree program, community colleges have worked to close the gaps in transfer curriculum for teacher education.  Townsend and Ignash (2003) document how a growing number of community colleges offer more options to 4-year college and university teacher education programs because of their location, accessibility, affordability, and open admissions policy.  They report that officials in a number of states seem to understand these advantages and are coordinating policies to encourage articulation among community colleges and 4-year colleges and universities to which community college students transfer.