Last night on SportsCenter, I heard Linda Cohn refer to the 2001 New York Yankees (or, rather, probably the Yankees in general) as "the evil empire." Granted, and fair... the Yankees do use their incredible wealth - rather, the wealth of their owner - to pursue free agents ad nauseam, and acquire infields like Jeter-ARod-Giambi. I understand.  Still, I was a bit pissed off that Bob Brenly was painted as the new Luke Skywalker, defeating the evil empire. First of all, the 2001 Yankees weren't so bad, the DBacks had the best 1-2 pitching punch in perhaps the history of the league, and let me, for a second, reference the 9-11 factor. While I don't agree that New York "needed the Yankees to win the 2001 World Series," because 9-11 was less than 2 months prior, it's still something to consider. Don't call the Yankees evil. They're moderately evil, sort of like midwestern Republicians seeking a third Senate term. They're not horribly evil, like, you know, the Middle East. I'm just kidding.  In related news, Game 1 of the 2001 World Series was so boring that I spent most of the game watching Washington State vs. Cal, when Jason Gesser was QB of Washington State. Whatever happened to Jason Gesser? I think he's on the Titans.  Bill Cosby drew some ire for his comments on black parenting styles. While normally I wouldn't post about something like this, given that it's all over the news, and who really cares what I think, I do happen to teach in the inner city for 10 months of the year, so I feel I have a little bit of information on black parenting styles. Actually, I only had 2 black families in my class last year, and I thought they were relatively charming. There's a boatload of problems with American education, that teachers and teacher certification courses tend to blame on a variety of factors, most notably the "No Child Left Behind Act" of 2001, which actually leaves most children behind. The real problems are inherently institutional, and I don't know - nor am I smart enough - to figure out how to fix poverty.  I can tell you being President probably sucks 98 percent of the time, but 2 percent would involve being serenaded by Jessica Simpson on 4th of July. One time in Maxim, she said "My boobs always get in the way!" True. So does her stupidity.  I bet Dawkins is glad he didn't take the GU job, eh?   Can you really believe Christian Bale as Patrick Bateman, and then as Batman?    Question of the Day   When Iowa Governor Tom Vilisack (sp?) says in his speeches, "I grew up at 401 Main Street," does it endear him to small-town America or make him seem like a clown forcing Norman Rockwell down our throats?