LIBERATE THIS  It's really moving to see the pictures from Iraq.  Mosaics of Saddam set on fire, statues toppled, posters ripped.  It's like the Berlin Wall falling.  It's really a historic event.  But there's actually another reason I'm interested in the events in Iraq.  Take a look at this article.  It's very intriguing...    urlLink Untapped potential in Iraq?    I saw some liberated Iraqi's happily bludgeoning Saddam posters and statues with sticks and other blunt objects. These guys looked like they had better swings than the players currently starting for Detroit. Many teams have tapped into talent in the Dominican Republic, Japan, etc. Detroit should be the first to scout talent in post-Saddam Iraq. These guys have heart.  Looters showed foot speed that would rank them right up there with Alex Sanchez, Luis Castillo and Ichiro Suzuki in stolen bases. Shiites will be willing to play through minor injuries, since they are accustomed to everyday torture by the minions of the former Saddam Hussein regime. Playing through a torn ACL will be nothing compared to being dipped in chemical baths or flogged with chains.  The only way to rebuild this franchise is to cut ties with overpaid flunkies like Craig Paquette, Dean Palmer and Bobby Higginson and fill these holes with cheap, young talent. Baghdad, Basra, Mosul and Umm Qasr are overflowing with youngsters willing to play for $200,000 a year while laying in all on the line. A new lineup stocked with Iraqi's would appeal to the large Middle Eastern population residing in Detroit and viewership of Tigers' games around the world would skyrocket. Maybe Tiger management could even coerce Al Jazeera to broadcast the games live.  Every year Pakistan manages to put together one of the best cricket teams in the world, so I think it would be easy to "discover" some diamonds in the rough in other Middle Eastern countries like Iraq, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. The tiny country of Qatar is a hotbed for pitching talent. Just ask Mike Maroth - he'll tell you Doha is where he developed his best pitch, the cutter!