I write what I like.   Have you been paying attention to the national news lately?  I used to go to foxnews.com every day like it was a religion, but lately I've been feeling that Fox is a little  too right-wing  for my tastes.  I went through this stint where I was a total hardcore Republican (like my father and his side of the family), but the more I learned about where Republicans stand, the more I try to distance myself from their moral viewpoints.  I hate the fact that MTV glorifies teenage sex just as much as the next person, but sometimes I feel that Foxnews does nothing but complain about everything that doesn't support the elephant (aka - the symbol of the GOP).   Anyways, I obviously paid the price for my lack of desire to surf the likes of Fox News or CNN, as I had no idea what was going on with this woman (Lori Hacking) from Salt Lake City whom disappeared after she went jogging one morning.  Apparently her husband lied about graduating from college, lied about being accepted to medical school (located in North Carolina, where they were to move very soon), and was found the night of her disappearance running around a hotel area completely naked (which led him to being institutionalized).  He has now retained a lawyer.   So basically, things aren't looking very good for Lori Hacking.  I mean, she's been missing for about a week and any time there is blood found on any sharp objects, it never seems to bode well.  I can't shake this feeling that this husband is NOT telling the truth when he says he has no idea where his wife is.    Why do so many husbands resort to killing their wives?  Maybe I'm just reacting to this news on top of the whole Scott Peterson case, but it just seems to me that the "in" thing for sicko husbands to do right now is murder their wives.  On the flip-side of things, I guess sicko wives are more into killing their kids.   I'm not trying to downplay these tragedies, but when this Hacking guy is charged (and he will be) with his wife's murder, I can already feel some sort of insanity defense building, and personally I file that crap under the same excuse that Andrea Yates used to kill her kids (her defense team claimed that she had some sort of depression after giving birth to her kids - but I can't remember the name!).  I just don't buy these defenses at all.  Mr. Hacking got caught in a lie by his wife (maybe many lies) and felt that he had to kill her.  It will most likely be more complex than that, but there will be a lot more evidence that indicates his role in this.   I think that a majority of these husband/wife crimes reveal that couples have a huge problem on their hands in our society today:   we don't know how to communicate with each other .  Communicating does not rely solely on being able to say how you feel, but instead it's being able to convey your feelings while listening to what the other person has to say.  We work too hard, we bury our true feelings because it's easier to sweep them under a rug then it is to actually deal with them.  Why did Hacking lie to everybody he knew about being a college grad and a med school student?  Why couldn't he come clean with whom is supposedly the most important person in his life?  Look at what these lies may have forced him to do.  Or take a look at Scott Peterson.  Regardless of his guilt or innocence, the man cheated on his wife a lot.  He made no attempts to save his marriage (at least they haven't been revealed - unless you count getting his wife pregnant).  If you're unhappy, you need to talk about it with your spouse and either get counseling (a third party is as unbiased as they come) or you try to work it out together (it can be done when it's done right).    It's the tragedies like these that make me realize how lucky I am that I can communicate with my fiance (and that we're going to have a happy marriage).  There are things that we have a tough time dealing with (i.e. - finances and spirituality), but we are learning how to deal with them in a way that doesn't involve slamming doors, hitting each other, or destroying each other with hurtful words.  It's a tough process, and we get into fights where we want to just go nuts on each other, but we're trying very hard for our own happiness and survival.  I love my fiance very much (even when she is possessed by evil demons and I want to kill her :) ), and even though I lose my cool more often than not, I am trying to be a better listener and convey my feelings in an effective manner.   For what it's worth - I do hope that this Hacking guy is not responsible for this crime against his wife.  It would make me feel a little better about the husbands here in the US and how they treat their wives.