This evening, I did my absolute best to search for a site entertaining the idea that Wicca should be as simple as possible. The web is destistute of much other that retail and people doing their best to rehash what has already been said in the book market. However, the search did prove helpful for something I want to try.  The title of the post says it. This particular site first examines the Rede (several versions) and compares the underlying hegemony. Loved it. It does give perspective and only agreed with everything that I had already felt about the Craft and magic. To simply believe that a person can begin manipulating events, people, and life willy-nilly IS ludicrous. No matter what good we might do in order to balance the situation. Karma, or the Rule of Three doesn't allow for us to pick and choose where we pay our debt. The lender always decides the APR and I doubt that the God/dess will allow us to choose our own payback.   However, neither here nor there with where I am going.  Further down the page (and is it lengthy) are several (87) items that someone new to the path might see as "ardanes" to life in Wicca. Beginning with "honor the Gods." Until I feel that I have found some true meaning in my own life for this one simple imperative, I will not move on to the second. An exercise in futility? No, sitting still much longer is my own version of futility.  So beginning tomorrow (today)I will find space in my life for this simple exercise.  1. Honor the Gods, for They are the channels and the manifestation of the Source. Honor yourself, for this force also lies within you. Love the Gods as They love you, and by loving yourself and your brothers and sisters, so the Gods shall honor you. As the love and joy of a man and a woman [or "lover and beloved" -- LAH] flowers and grows when nurtured with respect, and cultivated with understanding and honor, so should you love the Gods.   from: http://www.unc.edu/~reddeer/gs_course/rede.html  Stay tuned to find out how this particular journey goes.