Just got back from Jen's LAN/B-Day party, very much fun. Lot's of good games, everyone had good taste of games there... Would've been more fun if we had stayed the night, but oh well, can't have everything. My mind just went blank, crap this sucks... Must think! Damn TV always makes me go braindead. Um... Well I skipped D-Block once again, only cause I couldn't get a ride to the bowling alley(used to be mountain biking but it got too cold, so now the teacher decided that we would go bowling at the Sun Mountain Fun Center, W007!). Had Cibellis for lunch, needed that. Before that we(Trevor, Adrian, Jen and I) went to MVHS and talked to... I still can't remember his name, I should, I know him! Dam... Anyways, looked for Kat, apparently she was in the opposite hall of which I was. Still got to see her today fortunately ^^. After that we went to Barnes and Nobel and looked around, saw the "great" selection of Manga they had, actually pretty good. Had most of the Love Hina series, no Hellsing though which frustrated me... After Cibellis we went to my house for something to drink, they left me there since there wasn't enough time to drop me off at the bowling alley. So I played Halo and watched Kung Pow, such a funny movie... Very strange but very funny.  I had a nice talk with Kat's dad in the car when she was getting presents for Jen. It was interesting, he umm... Dare I say anything... He makes himself sound like a really good guy, but then again he's... I can't get the words out at the moment, too paranoid and also believe in bad carma. He told me whenever I'm about to get in a fight and am walking outside to have it 90% of the time I'll get hit before I get to the door, then to keep my eye on the guy as I do. Gee, thanks Tom^^!!! I really don't like parents that think if they did exceedingly well in school that their son/daughter should as well, it's not right. After zoning out for about 15 minutes and replying with "ya" and "mhmm" then doing a little sucking up Kat came back and stopped talking crap about her, he really pisses me off sometimes. Well, I have no right to be talking crap about him... Not my dad, just wanted to say that.  Jen's B-day party was awesome, we had a lot of fun. They all play Gunbound which surprised me, didn't think so many people that I knew played it! Yay! I played SSBM, had a lot of fun with that like always. Didn't do too bad either, the one I was playing was good. 'Bout as good as Dane, Dane might have been a little better. Watched Kat power level, had to leave right before she was about to lvl. It was Jen's first LAN at her house, she was pretty exited about that. She's a good host, lot's of fun stuff. That should be it for today, post another time!