frenz reading~ so sorry... this is not veri detailed.. i dun think i can write so fully, i'm feeling scared... i'm veri intinidated right now... i'm kinda defeated a little now.. but look at mi! i will move on!! i seriousli will... outside i'm soft, inside i'm hard.. i may cry alone but inside my heart, i'm deteremined... yes i am! i noe that as long as i try my best, i'll not regret!  Eileen hates regret!! she will try, try, try and try! even if it fails...      let mi tell u all my frenz.. as long as u're reading, u're my frenz.. once frenz, it'll b long frenz.. i dunno wad i can say.. i'm sad.. simply sad.. i couldn't find out the reason y... i can b alright.. i noe that being sad is i choose de.. but this time i dunno.. after seeing my dar leave my blk, i cried.. i'm tired guyz, look, i'm tired.. i dun wanna say much, but to pl, enjoy urself wif all u haf~ i dun mind being jus a nth~ though i'm sad about it.. but i'm realli alright wif it.. seize everything that u haf... dun turn back... jus go! walk to the end....  for mi and myself, i'll walk too.. if i can choose, i'll choose that things goes liddat again, i will not wan my life to always b happi.. true enough, i enjoy it a lot but sometimes, its good to haf challenges, lk i'm facing mine! God plans this, n i'm going to go thru this, i'm not jus saying but going to do it! i'll keep walking.. continue to stay determine.. i believe things will change... i'll cry, i'll weep,i'll say i'm sick but i realli wanna run thru all this! i'm running, trying to run as fast as i can.. i wanna b the winner.. i'm gasping for breath right now.. but my heart is longing for the finishin line, whetehr i'll win or lose.. God decides...  Frenz, thanx for being part of my life.. i dun care whether we'll remain frenz for long.. but thanx.. no matter wad.. thanx.... to jo, though he can't c.. i dunno wad will happen next fren, we'll c...  PeRfeCT... coz we lost it all, nothing last forever i'm sorry i can't b perfect now it's just too late and we can't go back i'm sorry i can't be  perfect!!