I hate Valentines!!!! It reminds me of how lonely my life is… it reminds me of how life is so unfair… it reminds me of that longing feeling of having at least one person treat me like a princess on that day… it reminds me of the things I wished for in my dreams… it reminds me of love… it reminds me of sweetness and those cute couples… it reminds me of the thing I can never have… but most significantly, Valentines reminds me of the one person I can’t have… YOU!!!!  I see you and I see my dream guy… I see you and I see the world I moved in for the past four years of my life… I see you and though it sounds corny, my heart skips a beat… I see you and I feel a thousand spears pierce through my heart… I see you and I want to touch you so badly especially if you are just inches away from me… I see you and I yearn to be the one at your side laughing and joking with you… I see you and I feel a slap on my face that brings me back to reality that even if you are my dream guy, you will forever remain a dream… a dream that will never come true… YOU!!!!!!  And now, Valentines is just around the corner and I will despise once again every minute of it. I will despise every time you smile at me on that day because that will be the only thing you can give me, neither roses nor chocolates, just a smile… I will despise every moment you will come near me and pair me with your other friends because I want you to know that I do not like them, I like you… I will despise every single instant that you will respond jokingly to every question that I will ask you because for once I want you to take me seriously… I despise every single chance that you will get to tell me to slap hands with you and make me look like a complete joke because I will blush furiously… I despise every single time that you will stare at me as if I am saying something witty though I am just plainly conversing because I don’t want you to see me as an unreachable person, I want you to see me as me… and more importantly I will despise every split second of Valentines Day especially when I see you with her, holding hands and giving her all the love and care, I feel bad coz those are the things I want… ONLY FROM YOU!!!!!  On that day I will envy her. I will envy her because she would be smiling so happily because this day would be special for her… I will envy her because she would receive lots of love and gifts… I will envy her because she could sing songs of love while I could only whisper and squeal the lyrics of that song… I will envy her because you would not look at her differently but instead as a real person… and I will envy her because she has YOU!!!!!  I hate Valentines Day. I hate it so much that I want that after February 13 would be 15 instead of 14. But hey, who am I to change the course of time? I am just this crazy gal who wants eagerly the love of her life. I want to be with you on this day… I want you to treat me like a princess on that day… I want you to see deeper into me and not just look…I want you to give me your sweetest smiles and heartfelt laugh… I want you to pay even an ounce of attention to me, not just when you are going to tease me or I am going to ask you something… I want to feel that you care for me…I want you to … I want you to stay beside me… even if just for today….  But like they say, want is different from need… but if I have to restate all my wants into needs… I would tirelessly and willingly do so… I just want you to know that I would do everything just so I can feel you love me… I don’t want your love… I NEED IT!! So badly… even if just for this day… I need YOU!!!!   Valentines- I know that this request would never reach you… I will never have the strength to tell anyone how I feel for you… I will never have the courage to tell you face to face that I love you… I will never ever tell you how much you mean to me… I will never ever be good enough for you… I will never ever let out all pain and love I feel inside… all I can do is watch you from a distant and say I will never ever forget you and all the love I feel for you… and now all I can do is put this in mind… Valentines is sharing the love you have and understanding the love I lost… and that is… YOU!!!!