When I originally began this journal, I wanted to report on daily events and chronicle them in an objective manner for you as well as myself.  What has transpired since appears to be a stream of consciousness filled with some of my deepest desires and sobering fears.  One day I hope to look back and see how foolish and immature I was, and how far I have grown since then, and dispel all my childhood hopes and fantasies.  Is that not what journals are for?  Well, I guess it's time for me to get to the heart of the matter: love and relationships.  My current love interest happens to be a fellow co-worker who possesses many of the qualities I find incredibly attractive in a woman.  She is intelligent, affluent, well coiffured, personable, mature, healthy, fit, and above all else, beautiful.  Many students find her cute and attractive.  So what is the problem?  She is already involved with another person.  In fact, we are on good enough speaking terms that we share details about each other's relationships (up until the point where I broke up with my girlfriend).  Communication is a little strained these days, because in the past I made overtures about how beautiful she was; some in private, others in public.  My compliments were not a problem, because I would slip them in during friendly conversation as to not embarrass her.  In fact, I believe she liked them, a lot.  Most of the time it was like a tease; one that she could easily laugh off if it became too personal.  Having a girlfriend at the time made it easier to chat without adding any sexual tension.  Nowadays I have to ignore her and pretend she is not in the room.  I seldom reach out to talk to her.  The sexual politics can be difficult to navigate, especially when your workplace is 90% female and gossip is all the rage.  So why am I still struggling with my feelings over this co-worker?  I guess I am having difficulties coming to terms with the fact that she is unavailable in more ways that I can comment on.  Still, I find her completely intriguing.  One log entry is not enough to explain the depths or complexity of her character, from her upbringing to her educational background... from her worldly experiences to her relationships.  I have to admit that I am more than a little star-struck.  The funny thing is that it has been like this for months, and it does not seem to want to stop.  She may be older and considerably wiser than me, but she also has a youthful exuberance that I find very endearing.  Through careful observation in the workplace and careful questioning, I was able to develop a picture of a person below the surface, with real problems and real feelings.  Is it possible to know someone completely?  To my surprise, many of my predictions about her were confirmed over time.  So, before my behaviour becomes unhealthy and obsessive, I am going to find different ways to attain the closure I need.  Most people I have cared for in the past simply drifted away while others left on bitter terms.  It is especially difficult in the workplace because whatever happens, you end up seeing the person day in and day out.  So how will I accomplish this task you ask?  More to come...