Here to blog again.  I got caught up earlier talking on msn and then had to meet Scott and hit up immigration.  Come to find out I live just down the street from the immigration office.  So if ever you guys have stuff take care of over in this neck of the woods let me know and we'll do lunch.   On to last night.  It basically consisted of dinner and The Matrix.  Dinner was bbq with Caleb and Asma.  We later met Gabe and K-Lo at the theater.  We had to get tickets for the 11:30 showing but that turned well b/c 11:00 would have been way too early.  So about the movie.  It wasn't great, but it was good enough.  I guess I am still out a to lunch a little.  I was seriously annoyed by the fact that the movie was horribly out of frame.  This was compounded by the fact that nobody cared and I couldn't do anything about it.  This bothered the living shit out me.  But I think I was able to see past it and still enjoy the movie.  To be blunt I feel that there wasn't enough substance there.  The action and special effects took center stage and that was it.  I don't think the martial arts fights were anything too impressive either.  Really nothing was explained and I'm pretty much as confused now as I was going in.  There were almost definitely be another movie.  The ending did leave a lot to be desired.  WARNING: Do not read on if you have not seen The Matrix Revolutions   Now I am going to vent about stuff in the movie that would possibly spoil the ending and other plot twists.  So how in the world can Neo see without eyes?  I can kind of get past that but there is so much that was left in the air.  The ending is by far my biggest complaint.  Ok Neo loses and gets turned into an Agent Smith.  Then the explodes, then all the Agent Smiths explode.  What?  I could have thought up a better ending then that.  The dialogue was to say the least, tedious.  There were some cool people didn't get nearly enough time and some duds who got way too much.  I feel like they only threw money at the movie and not a lot of effort.  It was so heavily drugged with special effects I was numb at the end.  Trinity died too (it is assumed Neo died when he blew up), but oddly enough I didn't really care.   I'm not sure which was better, or worse for that matter, 2 or 3.  But like I said I didn't hate it.  I just wish it had a better ending.  All three of these movies lead up to this epic battle scene which wasn't all that epic.   OK you can read again now.  We had a few beers at The Commune after.  Becky was also hanging out there.  Gabe liked the movie well enough, but Caleb didn't.   I am looking forward to this weekend.  No reason in particular I just want to go out and have some fun.  Last Saturday was fun but tame.  I'd like to cut loose but getting people to get crazy always seems to be the exception and not the rule.  Too bad.  I had a class today where I had to teach the numbers and alphabet.  Wow talk about the longest 45 minutes in the history of time.  When we going to play poker again?  I want to drink soju.  I'm tired.