Well here it is 8:15 and I have been at school ALL DAY LONG!! Not that this is a new trend for me or anything it's just that now to do any personal business on a computer requires me to stay here since I haven't gotten my home computer yet, yeah I ordered one but you'll find out more about that once I type up the 10th of Aug.  Anywho, now that the whole staff is here it just feels like work, the on a guided tour of Korea feeling is gone, until of course I step off school grounds and must navigate my way home. After breakfast I headed off to a middle school (MS) meeting to talk about the nuts and bolts of teaching MS and why they had started the MS program here. I was also able to meet my fellow MS teachers, not much to report on that front, lots of experience and people who are rarin to go! I seem to be the exception to every standing mandate that they place on who, what, where and when the MS teachers operate. The MS is in container classes by the soccer field=I am in the HS sci dept, you should have A key to your classroom and the workroom=I am in 4 classrooms and use the HS workroom, teachers take supplies from the MS office in RP 5=Ninah sign out your supplies from the HS office and we'll let the MS know, mailboxes are in the MS workroom=Ninah yours is in the HS workroom and the list goes on. Really I'm not complaining I just find it funny that nothing seems to apply to me. Anyway after that I have about an hour off or so I think but when I sit down to chat I find out that I am in fact late to a sci dept meeting (MTG) that I haven't even heard about! So I get up there go through introductions and we chat a little before lunch. Then were done and it's off to lunch, crazy!  After lunch you think I have a break? Nope I have a "Co-teachers" MTG about how to co-teach for ESL students, very informative, it seems that though are student are high in content many of them lack the English background to thoroughly utilize classroom instruction. So hat's off to you Team 81 I am now in your shoes! Around 3:45 I sneak out of this meeting only to head to a Physical Sci MTG so that we can start planning our units for the coming school year. Oh and did I mention that I have to turn in a class syllabus to the Dept. head before school starts, SUPER! Yeah, so after that I feel all wound up and have no clue what to do with all that info.  Now I know that there is only so much I can focus on, but when I let myself the worry cup runneth over! I suppose it's good that I didn't worry about bringing along a lot of deco stuff since I don't have one room to teach in per se, but it would be really nice right now to have that one little piece of the puzzle to focus on and complete so that I can feel like something is under control and ready to go. I may just have to steal a random bulletin board and put stuff on it to feel like I have a place to be. I know, I know, in time....  So here I sit typing away and I think, ready to go home, or at least veg a little. Ah tomorrow another day of meeting and prep, only 5 more days until it begins....................