Ok, so, its been a while, but I was busy. Ok, maybe I haven't been that busy. But oh well... It's not like anybody reads this!!! I might update more often if people would add comments!!! Ok, so, campaign season is in full swing, and I feel obligated to share this hilarious flash:  urlLink http://www.jokaroo.com/ecards/funny/jibjabthislandisourland.html  Also, since I last updated, its become really, really, really Gods damn hot here. So, I've got a fan in my room that never stops going. This has caused all of my posters to come off the walls. Not fun. But there have been some awesome thunderstorms. One of em woke me up at 6 AM, it was so loud. I'm pretty sure a few bolts hit behind the school across the street. And I've reread the Harry Potter series in about a week (I stayed up till 2 every night to do it, but oh well.) And I've discovered the wonders of Harry Potter femmeslash (Lesbian fan fiction. Lovely.) And I've told Maigan, Bree, and Shannon that I like Scott. It can't be helped, and he is kinda sweet (in a very dorky way). And, OMG, when I saw him at the pool earlier in the summer, damn, he's built, and none of us had any idea!!! Not that I've told anyone... That's sort of my little secret. I'm definitely gonna ask him to homecoming. I'm sure he'll say yes, too, cuz its rather obvious he likes me. I saw him at the commissary (he's a bagger) and he came running over to talk to me. He mentioned how he was sore cuz he'd been working out. He wants to try out for wrestling. I think its funny, cuz he's so ticklish and skinny. His opponent'd just have to poke him, and he'd be down. And then my mom mentioned the singlet (she was at the store with me) that wrestlers have to wear, and that made me laugh (forcibly, cuz she don't know I like Scott) but Bree saw him run once, and she said he either has very huge balls or needs much tighter underwear. And, in a singlet, I'd be able to see which one it is!!! Oh, and more good news: My dad's no longer going to Iraq, but he did go to the states for training and he bought me Get Born by Jet and Trapt by Trapt. And on September 17th, The Sims 2 comes out!!! I've been waiting for that forever. And I've ordered a prom dress cuz it was on sale and it's pretty, plus Scott's a Junior, and Juniors can go to Prom... ;D