I posted this in our Happy Days and Special Times Yahoo group just now and thought I would share it....    Dont tell anyone BUT I am cooking my own breakfast. I can not remember the last time I attempted this. It is funny but I watched the cat "sparkles" sneak up on the pan that had the Jimmy Deans MILD sausage sitting waiting to be cooked.  She did not seem to have a taste for raw sausage.  haahahahahaha  Who is smarter, man or cat? I can hear the laughter now.... I captured aforementioned feline and tossed her outside.  Little did I know she made a bee line for the open window by the STOVE.  Guess who pops in for ANOTHER visit for the biscuits?  Guess who got whopped upside the noggin and recaptured?  Yes, sparkles was seeing stars and landed on the front porch and I made a bee line for the second window asap....  It is AMAZING what you will eat when you are hungry.... Yes, I am eating my own cooking. I hope I survive....  Hey ladies. Riddle me this....  I guess I should have said, Riddle me this batgirls....  Why does Katy leave broken egg shells IN the carton with the rest of the GOOD eggs?  Why is it when I banged the egg on the stove this morning it did not break at first?  Stubborn Egg or just Food Lion eggs are tougher than the typical egg?  Are they feeding the chickens too much iron or what?  Dont tell Katy but I got her the most favorite thing in the whole wide world. If you were to seperate her from this one drink she would have to be admitted to the psyche ward at MUSC.. 1 Point for James!  Yeah....  Good thing I dont have to buy diamonds or provide an endless supply of cash to make this woman happy...  Well, sometimes she does want software for the computer....    Question.  How many of you power washed your trailer in the FREEZING Cold yesterday?  Raise your hand so I can get a head count..... You dont live in a trailer?  You are not stupid enough to go out in the freezing cold to power wash your trailer?  Well, I guess I was the only one to do this.  Our trailer was transformed from something that looked like it came out of a Boggy Creek Monster Movie to a sparkling light grey double wide.  It only took me 2.5 hours and two layers of clothing to finish the front.  Luckily for me I had 4 layers of clothes on and two sets of gloves.  I looked like the Coca Cola bear all dressed up for the Artic.    It must have been quite a spectacle actually. The next door neighbor's children kept making trips out to watch me commit this total act of lunacy.  They problem went home and told their mother that my mother never taught me to stay in out of the freezing cold and not play with water.    Yesterday was my first day off in about two weeks. I was faced with two options.  Stay in the house and be depressed about junk in my life or just forget about it and go do something. I voted to ditch the depression mode and just go do something that I could actually accomplish.  Have you ever been there?  Well I was there yesterday and even though I looked silly and froze my proverbial tail off I atleast did something productive and have something to show for it.   No, I am not finishing the POWER WASH the trailer task today. I get to work 3 to 11pm tonight in the freezing cold as I baby sit the parking garage down at the County Office Buildings for Charleston County on Meeting street. No, I do not have to stay in the cold. I actually only spend 30 min per hour out in the parking garage. PTL for that.  Can you imagine finding someone in a stairwell curled up asleep because that is the warmest place you can find to sleep?  Just when I thought my life had pathetic moments.    Ok, what are YOU doing right now and why have you NOT been posting in here?  I know, you are busy. All of us are busy.  We also need each other.  Share your wacky stories with us so we can LAUGH... God, KNOWS we all need to laugh.... There are too many horrible things going on for us to CRY about. If you are happy tell us. If you are DEPRESSED, for goodness sake , share it with us so we can all be depressed TOGETHER.  AFter all misery LOVES company.  Just promise me you wont stay that way for long.  That really sucks.  Ok, are you having a PITY party?  Are your children driving you crazy?  Are they eating you out of house and home and feeding the neighborhood children the REST of what is left in the pantry?    Hope to hear from you soon.... Yeah that is YOU....  Love ya Katy, Kristina, Justin, Jeremy and Jessica...  Yes, I love YOU tooo.....  Hugs