I'm tired.  I feel like I have stuff to say I just hope I can remember it all.  Last night was what I would call and improvised night out.  It wasn't supposed to be anything special and then at some point got completely out of control.  Yesterday was pay day so I suggested to my roomy Steve about hitting up the Hotel GS Plaza bar which is really the only place to go around here.  He was down with it so after work I hit the gym got some food and swung by the house.  I think we got there around 11 or so.  We met the girl he is seeing  there and hung out for awhile.  Then we were joined by my friend Ju-Mi who I haven't seen in forever  but showed up ready to drink.  We did a little damage there and then migrated downtown a little after 1.  It was first to Bellagio where we took it plenty of Korean drinking games which involved soju and beer.  Then it was on to Julliard where we continued with flaming drinks.  I ended up buying the round of flaming shots for some reason.  But hell it was pay day so who cares.  I finally ended up walking home in the snow around 5 in the morning.  I actually slept pretty well too.  I think that was my excitement for the week.   On a less rowdy note I met Oh-Ni yesterday for lunch and we had pizza and walked around and shopped a little.  Things seem to be going well enough with her.  My cell phone is out of time and I need to recharge it at a KTF telecom.  Too bad for me all he the stores are only downtown.  You know there are seriously like a 100 KTF places downtown to recharge your phone at.  You think they'd have the common sense to have store somewhere else.  I guess not.   I love reading other people's blogs.  I haven't been on point about reading them this week and I just caught up tonight.  I really enjoyed Becky's blog about my students.  In and interesting turn of events today I taught that class and they called me out on the fact I gave Becky the downlow.  But  things were cool.  Then they started to tell me how sexy Becky was.  Next one of them said I was Becky and started rubbing my chest and then began to hump me furiously.  It is classes like this that keep me entertained.   Steve gets tomorrow off.  That sucks for my ass.  I hope I get Saturday off or something.  Else I might have to raise a little hell.  I finally opened a KB bank account today.  That was exciting.  I think I'll take those ink blot tests and post the results.  Ok I just looked for it and couldn't find it.  I don't think I have anything else to say.  I'm going to bed.