Ok so first of all keeping my parents dog is driving me CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!  Everyday at almost exactly 6:15 am she wakes me up because she needs to go out!  Well I need my sleep.  Anyway, I get up and take her outside, she pees, I bring her back in--all the while dealing with spazdog Bentley jumping all over me--then I crawl back in bed, shutting both dogs out of my room, because Cindy is awake now and doesn't want to go back to sleep.  I fall back asleep and have some of the craziest dreams of my life!!  I actually dreamed that I was decapitated!! How weird is that.  I was still alive in the dream tho, I just no longer had a head.  The head was lying on the table, but I could see it.  It was very strange.  In the dream I had someone call 911 for me but the ambulance never came.  Then I woke up because I heard something buzzing in my ear, which freaked me out, because if you know me then you know that I have a phobia of bugs crawling in my ears.  So I got up, then went back to bed and had another crazy dream but I don't remember it.  I wake up about 30 minutes late, and rush around getting ready and leave my house only about 10 minutes late for work.  I had fixed myself a little Chi Latte for breakfast and was drinking it in the car...........well 1/2 way to work I spill all but a 1/3 of it on me and the seat and the cup holder!! I was NOT pleased.  I called work informed them that I would be very late seeing as how I now needed to change cloths and clean up my car. Finally get to work 45 minutes late.....shitass!!  But it's ok, everyone is fine with it and I will make it up on Wed.  I'll work til 6 or something.  Anyway for lunch I take my car to get the oil changed and then some coworkers and I hit the mall for the big sales!  I end up with the crazy sales lady who follows me around finding things for me to try on, and asking me every 2 seconds if I'm finding everything ok or if I need a different size in something.  So to repay her for her annoyingness, I leave a big mess of cloths for her to put away in the dressing room and only buy flip-flops! LOL.  I know, I'm just creating bad Karma for myself, oh well.  Well we get back to the Mazda dealership to pick up my car; I go in and ask the service guy if it's ready yet.  He says he doesn't know and he will go check on it for me.  Comes back and says it will be another 20 minutes.  I'm like crap.  We are already late for work as it is.  So I say ok, well I'll just come back after work and get it then.  Then he says well I'll give it to you for free since it is an inconvience to you!! I was like Hell YEAH!  I'm brokeass poor anyway.  So I'm very excited to save $30!! :)  I hope he remembers when I go to get it.  So that is my day as of yet!  It's been a busy day! LOL. ttyl