I found three differnet sites that will be perfect for helping the students understand Algebra.  However, the students can continue to use the site for further Math classes dealing with different parts of Algebra. I have listed the web sites and I will describe how I will use them in my lesson.  urlLink  http://www.mathleague.com/help/algebra/algebra.htm .   This site provides vocabulary words associated with Algebra.  Also, this stie gives differnet types of examples for the terms that will be used.  I thought, I would use the site for a steady base on getting to know some of the concepts of algebra.  The students will use it as a resource before jumping into algebra, the students will use this site to look up basic vocabulary words before being introduced to the concepts.  The reason for doing it is to have them come in with some understanding of algebra.  As we start out, the studnets will not be in the dark.   urlLink http://www.algebrahelp.com/index.jsp   This site will be helpful for the students outside of the classroom.  This site has all different kinds of ways for the students to understand the concepts.  Since the site has different ways of looking a the concepts, the students will be able to connect the information in class and other information together.  This might give the students a better understanding of the material. It has different kinds of games the studnet can use to see if he/she understands the concepts.  Also, the site has worksheets the students can work, too.   urlLink http://www.eduref.org/cgi-bin/printless.cgi/Virtual/Lessons/Mathematics/Algebra/ALG...   This site gave me an idea on introducing algebra to the students without causing them to get anxious about the subject.  It gives ideas on ways students can think about the dreadful world of algebra. Also, I will be able to use hands on materail for the students to play with.  If they are able to see and touch the objects being modled than there might be a good starting point for the students.  The studnets are able to work in groups which allow them to learn from others.