you know, for not having work, etc. to do today, i've done a lot.  i helped colleen sort through apartment ads and called several for us this morning... caught up on some email... read 2 magazines cover to cover (the life special issue of the 7 wonders of the world -- only they have 5 lists of 7... 7 ancient wonders, 7 medieval wonders, 7 natural wonders, 7 modern wonders, and 7 animal wonders -- and the national geographic special issue of "exploring outerspace -- our universe in pictures)... paid all my unpaid bills that i have for the month of june... bought and mailed a father's day card on time =P... and repotted plants  it's this last part that's the mess... i have 4 plants... 2 pothoses (long vine-y climbing plants), and 2 euphorbias (tall leafy things)... i'd left them in the same pots since i moved in august, so all of the above were really outgrowing their current space... so they all graduated today from a 6inch pot and three 4inch pots to an 8 inch and three 6 inchers... for those of you unfamiliar with the art of repotting plants, let me tell you... it does make a most glorious mess...  first you have to put soil in the new pot (which probably drops some specks on the ground... then you have to get the plant out of its old pot (which generally involves some turning the pot on its side and banging so as to get the roots out all at once instead of tearing them... i.e. more dirt spilled), then you have to roughen up the ball of roots so that they're more inclined to grow out into their new space instead of in on themselves (i.e. even more mess), place plant in new pot, and fill around it... as if that isn't enough, after all is done, you water the plant and the soil compacts probably meaning you still need to add some more to fill in gaps (i.e. even more mess)... it's a good thing amanda's gone for now, because if she came home to how the floor looks right now (soil and dead leaves from trimming the plants up) all over the floor, even if it is mostly on newspaper, she'd have a cow... at least i did all this on the kitchen tile floor instead of on the white carpet everywhere else, right? ;-P  now, back to reading, or plotting, or something =P  later dudes =P