Hi All,  Sorry I haven't posted but I was away all weekend.  I am making every attempt to  post three times a week.  This post will be combined.  First, on the Presidential Election front, John Kerry gave a speech to the VFW.  In the speech he told the crowed that the other Arab countries have a big stake in helping our efforts to create a democracy in Iraq, and that he was upset that they weren't "at the table."  Is he kidding, or is he really that clueless.  The Arab dictatorship have every stake in us NOT succeeding.  Our success is what they fear most.  Countries like Iran and Syria are among the worst dictatorships in the world.  Their people have little if any human rights.  These are the people who pay for, train, and support the terrorist who want to kill us.  Fact:  Excluding the Oklahoma City bombing, 83% of terrorists act against the United States in the past 20 years have been committed by Arabs.  The other 17%?  Converts to Radical Islam.  And John Kerry wants to be in charge of protecting us.  How can he if he doesn't even know, or acknowledge who are enemies are.  Hey John, Get a clue!!!  While I was away, Governor McGreevy made his announcement.  I give him credit for not waiting until he was under oath, and didn't lie about (unlike a former impeached President, who I won't name. )(Bill Clinton).   But a good friend of mine made a great point that I wish to share.  The only reason the Governor  "came out" was to get ahead of a scandal.  The truth is that the Gov has run a very corrupt administration since taking office, and as more and more info comes out, I think the more we as New Jersians will be p-o'd.   For example, on Monday, I found out that the Governor could have had Louis Freeh, the former FBI director as the NJ Director of Homeland Security, and the Gov passed.  And did I mention that he was going to work for free?  The bottom line is this isn't a gay issue.  That's irrelivent.  But the Governor violating the good faith of the people can not be.  And now he refuses to step down to keep the people of NJ from deciding his replacement, siting security reasons.  Give me a break.  Then we would have Louis  Freeh working for the state, the Governor would have attended a meeting with Governor Pataki of NY to be briefed on the current terror threat, and so on.  Hey Gov, do the right thing and step down now!