Subject: Latin Religious Leaders Call US-led "Free Trade" FTAA a Neo-Colonialist Trap,      http://www.progress.org/2003/trade13.htm  Religious Leaders Call FTAA a Neo-Colonialist Trap  Favoritism, Special Privileges, and Fake Freedom versus Humanity,  Fairness and True Freedom  During the last two years, the Bush administration broke sharply away  from previous Republican policy, going with protectionist tariffs  against steel, against lumber, against agriculture, and against  catfish.  But the White House, now clearly opposing free trade, still  calls its policy "free trade."  Is that an attempt to trick people,  or just a sign of stupidity?  Either way, no one is impressed.  Here is an article circulated by InterPress Service and OneWorld.net.  Latin Bishops Launch Broadside against So-Called 'Free Trade' Area  by Raul Pierri  The so-called Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) looks less like  a true regional integration project than a ''neo-colonialist'' plan  that will make poor communities even poorer and will not respect  national sovereignty, said the Catholic bishops of the members of  South America's largest trade bloc.  ''What we condemn is that the only aim of the project is to increase  trade flows, regardless of whether it devastates everything and  everyone in its path,'' the secretary-general of the bishops'  conference of Uruguay, Bishop Pablo Galimberti of the southern  Uruguayan city of San Jos, told IPS on September 4, 2003.  The Catholic bishops of the countries of South America's Mercosur  trade bloc -- Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay -- and the  bloc's associate members Bolivia and Chile met this week in  Montevideo, the Uruguayan capital, to discuss the challenges of  integration in Latin America and the ''ethical and moral'' aspects of  the creation of the FTAA.  The initiative promoted by the United States will create a so-called  'free trade' zone made up of 34 countries -- all of the nations in  the Americas with the exception of Cuba -- with a total population of  800 million people and a combined Gross National Product (GNP) of  over $11 [trillion] by 2005.  The main objections to the FTAA raised by the bishops were that it  will benefit the richest countries -- like the United States and  Canada -- at the expense of the less competitive members, and that it  will consolidate the hold of ''unfettered neo-liberalism'' on the  entire region.  ''Christian ethics and the Christian vision encompass everything, not  just the moral aspects,'' said Galimberti.  ''They encompass the  spiritual as well as the economic. We do not separate out religious  and social aspects.''  In a statement, the bishops said the creation of the FTAA would have  ''grave consequences'' due to ''the excessive disproportion of the  competitive capacities of the countries, some of which have very  strong, developed economies while others are weak."  ''This initiative will foment the concentration of economic power in  a few hands, favouring the formation of monopolies and oligopolies,  which will end up imposing their hegemony over governments,  especially in the weakest countries in the Americas.  ''Rather than integration, this could involve neo-colonialism, with a  negative impact on local communities ... The chief aim of an  initiative like the FTAA should be to promote the common good and  solidarity between nations, and not merely to search for the greatest  advantage for just a few ,'' they said.  The bishops also expressed concern over the future of indigenous and  rural communities, ''which in this system would run the risk of being  displaced,'' from land rich in natural resources, for example.  In addition, they said the strategic natural resources of poor  nations ''should not be susceptible to appropriation by private  interests.  '  'A true process of integration in the Americas should be based on a  continent-wide policy that takes into account human rights and the  principles of sovereignty, justice, solidarity and respect for the  cultural identities of nations,'' said the statement.  The secretary-general of Brazil's bishops' conference, Bishop Odilo  Scherer of Sao Paulo, told IPS that the Brazilian Catholic Church is  working with non-governmental organizations on a campaign aimed at  raising awareness about the FTAA, which will include another  ''people's referendum'' in which Brazilians will be asked what they  think about the future so-called 'free trade' area.  ''We will hold an unofficial popular referendum this month to allow  Brazilians to express their opinions about the FTAA. Our big concern  is human beings, who should always take top priority,'' he said.  In a similar referendum held in September 2002, 10 million Brazilians  said they were opposed to the so-called free trade area, according to  the organizers.  The president of Argentina's bishops' conference, Eduardo Mirs,  stressed the negative impact that the prescriptions of the  multilateral lending institutions have had on his crisis-stricken  nation.  ''Our countries need help, without a doubt, but they don't need an  invasion of our sovereignty, which also implies a loss of our  identity. By meddling in our educational programmes, for example,  they are undermining the free determination of nations,'' Mirs, the  archbishop of the eastern Argentine city of Rosario, told IPS.  The bishops meeting in Montevideo did not agree on any concrete  common strategy, nor did they decide to discuss their point of view  with their respective governments.  ''We are making closer contact with political leaders, but we are not  a political party. This statement simply has the objective of helping  to form the faith of Christians, with a social dimension,'' said  Galimberti.  The declaration signed Thursday by the bishops of the Mercosur  nations and their associates Bolivia and Chile concurs with the  pastoral letter Ecclesia in America that Pope John Paul II made  public in Mexico in 1999.  Ecclesia in America stated that ''more and more, in many countries of  the Americas, a system known as 'neo-liberalism' prevails; based on a  purely economic conception of man, this system considers profit and  the law of the market as its only parameters, to the detriment of the  dignity of and the respect due to individuals and peoples.  ''At times this system has become the ideological justification for  certain attitudes and behaviour in the social and political spheres  leading to the neglect of the weaker members of society. Indeed, the  poor are becoming ever more numerous, victims of specific policies  and structures which are often unjust.''  The views of the Roman Catholic Church are of great significance in  the Americas, which is home to 528 million Catholic faithful, nearly  half of the world's 1.1 billion Catholics, according to Vatican  statistics.