For five years I lived in Brisbane, Australia.  It was quite an experience.  First off, I'd recommend a visit to the land down under to anyone who can handle flying for hours on end and who has a few thousand dollars to spend.  The people are fantastic, the land is breathtaking, they don't care if you don't speak "English",  and though I was unable to taste any culinary masterpieces, the food was at least identifiable and quite tasty.   One thing that I really appreciated was that I was actually exposed to different music, books, and ideas.  I'm sure I'll get into all of those areas on here sooner or later, but the one I want to focus on now is  music .      Sure, we have music in America - all kinds - but have you ever noticed how the singers and bands start to all look and sound the same after a while?  It's rare to find something unique and yet still pleasant to the ears  (feel free to make suggestions!).  While in Australia I was exposed to a lot of muscians from the UK, Europe, as well as from Oz.  One particular artist really caught my eye - and my ears as well.  That was   urlLink Robbie Williams  .  Robbie was in the UK boy band Take That, but has made a name for himself as a solo artist selling out concerts around the globe... except in the United States.   The first CD I bought in Australia was  Sing when you're winning .  What captured me was that here was this rather cute (in a roguish sort of way) talented singer who could actually poke fun at himself as well as his icon status.  If you haven't a clue what I'm saying, really take a look at the  Rock DJ  video sometime - he's got it available on his site.   I can't comprehend why he hasn't made a name for himself in the US, unless he simply doesn't want to.  He probably enjoys his anonymity here - can't blame him for that.  But I do believe Americans are somewhat deprived not hearing his incredibly strong, soulful, versitile voice  except on soundtrack records :)   Give him a listen - you might be surprised and actually become a fan too.