Hello, i am new to this whole blog thing.. but my friend has a very good blog and so i thought that i would check it out! I am thirteen years old.. going to be fourteen on June 18!! YIPEE!!!!!! well anyways, my mom and dad have been divorced for eleven years and last year my mom got engaged to this guy. they ended getting married that same year and now we are one big happy family..NOT!! The guy's name is Jack. He is very weird sometimes,and to be perfectly honest, i really didn't like him at first. It took me almost half of a year to figure out that he really  isn't that bad and he always looks out for me and for what is best for me. So now it probably seems like we are a happy family and it only took a couple of months for this miricle to happen. well, not exactly. Jack has two  kids that he brought in to my protected life. The oldest is Siri, and she is 20 now. When my mom first started dating Jack she was 18 and a complete dissaster! She did  drugs, drank way to much, and was really mean to every one she layed eyes on. My mom and I both thought that she would go off to college(that is free.. her mom works at St. Norbert's college and gets free tuition to any  catholic college in the US for both kids)and then maybe get a civil job and a nice apartment. Well, only one of those things came true, she got a nice apartment. Actually, she got a really nice apartment in New York. This happened by meeting a guy on a boat when she was  working in Florida (don't ask me where she got the money.. i think she was a prostitute!)So yea.. one thing led to another and before i knew it, my mom told me Siri was living in New York with her new rich boyfriend. So now Siri is muching off of her boyfriend who gives her as much money as she wants. She has now decided to go to the best designers school in New York and get her money from Robert (boyfriend).Siri also just recently bought a car with her education money.. well she didn't relize at the time, but that brand new car is sitting in her mom's driveway because she can't possibly bring it to New York. So yea that is basically Siri.. and oops! don't let me forget, she was recently diagnosed with Bi-Polor dissorder and Personality disorder..Who would ever guess. Now onto alex, Jack's second child..and obviously he is a boy. Alex is seventeen and lives with his lunitic mother and sometimes with his drug inhaling sister that comes home perioticly. I feel really bad for him when he has to always be in the middle of things.. but he could always come to live with us.................NOT!!!!!!!!!! Most of the time i get very annoyed with him because he is always talking about himself! Either he is bragging that he just ran a marathon or that he is going somewhere with his mom's ex- boyfriend (who he still sees on a regular basis!)I have also noticed some signs that alex may be gay. He hates football, he doesn't wear boxers (i only know this because i had to do his wash.. Seriously!) and he talks about everything.. just like a girl. I don't know if he truley is gay.. but i think i will always think of him that way..hee!!! Well i better go because i am dieing to tell my good good friend Kellie that i got a blog.. and i know she will get a kick out of all of this. So yea. Oh, and as you read these more frequently, you will find out that i spell things wrong, i never capitalize my letters, and i use "......" alot... they're just fun!  So bye!