OMG TERI! stop freakin' out lol. no i wasn't talking about ganus that was kinda random.. i was talking about snow or mophat or whatever you wanna call him. and i am soo NOT going back out with him you remember how he treated me. something about a guy calling me "penis" and telling me to "shut the f*** up" all the time is sooo sweet.. did i mention he wanted to run away to vegas with me?? haha! and he said he saw you the other day at the mall but that's not important.. anyway.. he was ok to hang out with but we just didn't click as a couple. and chris and i are broken up for good. i just need to talk his whiney butt into getting his stuff from me because i'm not waiting around for him to get bored and want me back. and that guy you saw me with at the movies like 2 weeks ago or something, Phil.. we're dating now so yeah.. does that help clear up everything about the boys? and about the mexicans.. i did it again today! haha i even let the dogs wander over there so i could bend over in front of them to pick them up! i'm such a DRK i know haha. and maybe a boho.. it probably would have been easier to email you but you never check that and i don't have your aim sn, do you even have one? you need to let me know these things.. don't forget to dehydrate that watermelon this time darn it!  ok now that that's done.. i'm so glad it's friday those girls drove me up the freakin' wall today.. sooo much whining.. i tried to take them to big splash around 11 but they wanted to come over here and play with Sadie and the goats.. so we ended up at the mickey d's play ground and Florence Park. after that fun filled day i went to morris to see Kali and the other kids sing with the church. it was so cute.. really boring.. but still cute! i told christopher i would be there but he was a no show.. so much for wanting to be friends huh? anyway, after that Nate and i decided to brush up on my bird catchin' skills.. you remember my story about the ginnies.. and the parking lot.. and my head and running away from the birds lol.. so anyway he's throwing chickens at me and i was used to herd geese.. finally he chased them behind the shed and i jumped on 4 or 5 of them.. my fav part was when i was holding 6 chickens by their feet and my hands aren't that big lol soo that was interesting.. especially when you have 2 that lean up and peck you.. OH!! i got to see my baby! i'm getting a male boer, he's like 3 or 4 months old. he's all white except for light tan on both sides of his head (including his ears) with a white line down the middle. i'm gonna show him this coming school year (i hope) so that might mean i have to sell one.. i'd rather keep Twist and sell Abby but if i sell Twist i can breed both my females and make some extra cash. especially cuz pygmies have a history of having twins.  sorry about the mindless aggie babble.. it's been a long ass week. oh! that reminds me, i'm going on vacation but since i don't want random ppl to know where i'll be or how long my house will be empty.. you will have to ask me about it.. which brings me to something else.. anyone feel like pet sitting for me? 3 lovely goats 3 cats and you wont have to worry about the dog i can drop her off in morris again unless anyone has a better idea!   i just reread this and got bored.. how sad.. lol