Having at one time (a long time ago, in a country far, far away) considered attending  urlLink The Master’s College , it seems that I have made it one to their mailing list in perpetuum.  Recently in the mail I received the current edition of “The Master’s Current,” their quarterly (?) newsletter.  The current edition is devoted to “doctrinal fidelity,” and hence includes the current iteration of the doctrinal statement.  Being the insufferable bore that I am, I sat down to read it. Right off the bat (in the first section of the  urlLink Doctrinal Statement ) I found some language that intrigued me:    We teach that the Word of God is an objective, propositional revelation (1 Thessalonians 2:13; 1 Corinthians 2:13), verbally inspired in every word (2 Timothy 3:16), absolutely inerrant in the original documents, infallible, and God-breathed. We teach the literal, grammatical-historical interpretation of Scripture which affirms the belief that the opening chapters of Genesis present creation in six literal days (Genesis 1:31; Exodus 31:17).  The words “objective, prepositional revelation” in particular surprised me.  Also note this two points later:  We teach that, whereas there may be several applications of any given passage of Scripture, there is but one true interpretation. The meaning of Scripture is to be found as one diligently applies the literal grammatical-historical method of interpretation under the enlightenment of the Holy Spirit (John 7:17; 16:12-15; 1 Corinthians 2:7-15; 1 John 2:20). It is the responsibility of believers to ascertain carefully the true intent and meaning of Scripture, recognizing that proper application is binding on all generations. Yet the truth of Scripture stands in judgment of men; never do men stand in judgment of it.  This is a little more blunt.  It did not surprise me that The Master’s College perceive the bible as “objective, prepositional revelation” that is to be approached using the “literal grammatical-historical method;” I knew this already.  What surprised me is that these things, this hermeneutic, made its way into the Doctrinal Statement.   	It seems to me that by codifying ones hermeneutic in one’s doctrinal statement that issue (hermeneutics) leaves the realm of something that can be talked about and enters the realm of that which can only be accepted.  I’m not sure what I think about that.  So here’s the question:  What should the function of a doctrinal statement, and what sorts of things are appropriately codified in it, and what sorts of things should be left out?  To discuss this topic, go here.  Please, this discussion is about doctrinal statements, not about disparaging (or praising) the Master’s College.