Well, it's Friday and I've just about (just about) finished my packing.  I think I've been quite organised really.  I have all my shoes in the bottom of my back pack.  I have all my non immediate use toiletries in one wash bag (i.e., germolene and nurofen and other bathroom cabinet type things)  and all the immediate use ones (i.e., shower gel, toothbrush) etc in a second.  Then there's a third wash bag for the day (i.e., second toothbrush, deodorant etc etc) and a fourth....only kidding, I managed to stop at three.    I have an outfit for every social occasion, from meeting the Pope (yes, I do indeed intend on meeting his holiness to chew the cud on theology, the infinity of the universe and, the most burning and important of issues, is there a pizza hut in heaven and do they deliver??)  Sorry, I digress, from meeting the Pope, to walking around Pompeii, to climbing a volcano, to lying back on the beach, to partying to the early hours.... and the list continues.  Needless to say, when I tried to put the aforementioned backpack onto my person, I realised that only by placing the backpack on a chair and kind of 'sitting into' it could I haul the damned thing onto my back.  After that, it became blatantly obvious that to balance whilst wearing the now offending piece of luggage, I would have to bend my body forwards to a full 45 degrees before I could strike an equilibrium between myself, the backpack and gravity.  Righto, so walking several miles around Rome whilst wearing it should be a doddle then....???!!!   We fly tomorrow at quarter past four, courtesy of EasyJet (so garish orange seats, no inflight entertainment and no refreshments to look forward to then) to arrive in Italy GMT+1 at around about 8ish.  From there, we are navigating our way to the hostel and on Sunday we will embark on the first of our adventures, I'm sure.   Not much else to write at this obviously early stage.  Gem and I were thinking of going out tonight in order to pass the time but I backed out because I  still  hadn't packed (does this sound like the Claire we all know and love....?) (actually, yes) and whilst in my heart, I shall truly be dancing the night away in  Life  (class act, ahem) I know that I should really be tucked up in bed.  Although, now that I've packed, maybe I could go out after all......   For my final thought, I should like to ponder upon the wonders of modern technology.  I upgraded my Nokia for the all new, all singing and all dancing Nokia 66something or other, with MP3, camera, video recorder and the list goes on.  Can I get the damned MP3 thingymybob to work?  Can I heck.  Despite  hours  on my lap top downloading new software, moving music files to the memory card, then to my phone, and then back again, I could not get it all to work.  But, the fact that I have used the technological phrase of  thingymebob demonstrates my sheer incompetence and lack of ability when it comes to all things requiring a degree in computer literacy.  Gosh, I am getting behind the times.   Anyways, please leave a message for either myself or Gem.  And a few messages below.   Heather:-  So glad you're coming to Corfu.  BRING YOUR PHONE and we'll text you when you get there to meet up for a night of fun in Kavos.  Have a great time in London and I'll hopefully see you around the 9th onwards.   Vicky and Lee:- how awful am I to forget you were both off to the land of Oz?  Hope you have/are having the best time.  Email me and let me know what it's all like.   Claire Brooklyn xxxxx