urlLink Strategies for Educating the Adult Black Male in College. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Patricia Spradley.  From the ERIC Digest:  Administrators, scholars, faculty, and students continue to actively discuss the socioeconomic and educational plight of African American males and their declining enrollment and retention in and graduation from higher education. The majority of research has focused on traditional-age students and increasing their success. For example, evidence suggests that the decision of traditional-age African American males to drop out of college may be caused by several factors, including lack of financial aid, socio-cultural challenges, and institutional incompatibility (Wilson, 1996). Initial recommendations to address the plight of traditional-age African American male college students include increased attention to mentoring, as mentors have the potential of assisting African American males in negotiating the enormous intricacies of the higher education pipeline (Wilson, 2000).   One promising trend is the returning of adult males. The number of black males 25 years old and over enrolled in college has increased from 143,000 in 1990 to 267,000 in 1995 to 335,000 in 2000 (U.S. Census Bureau, 2001). The adult black male's increased participation in higher education over the last decade has challenged post-secondary institutions to adapt to changing clientele and design their programs to address the special needs of the adult learner (NCES, 1996; Perna, 1997). For instance, it has become necessary to provide accessible options for academic pursuit that respond to the adult males' expectations, needs, and interests. There are three main strategies that help to support this population: 1) peer support in classes as an incentive for their learning; 2) faculty-student relationships; and 3) extra-curricular activities (Bean & Metzner, 1985). This ERIC Digest will review these three key strategies, providing administrators with needed information to guide the design of programs and activities to help support this population.