This dream scared me, alot. It's one of the three nightmares that still haunts me a little bit. If you do read through all of this, I comend you greatly.      I sat in the den (the upstairs part of my house where I have a tv and the computer). I was typing on the computer as I am often times seen doing.     Off the side of my eyes I saw a shadowed black hand reach over my sholder, I yelped and jumped out of my chair. I had a cross in my hand and I was shouting "In jesus's name leave me! In Jesus name leave me!" I did that so many times, begining to become discouradged since nothing was happening, I was still scared, and what ever it was was still there. Soon, though, I heard a loud screatch, the windows, computer, and the tv all exploded into the room. Then all went silent.     An angel appeared before me, I was afraid ofi t. It told me not to be afraid for it bore a gift for me to take, and it would protect me . It held out a small silver cross on a silver chain. I took it, looking at it as the angel left my presence.     For some reason, I still felt fear though. I felt as though demons were seeping into my house quickly and I couldn't figure out why.     I looked down and the cross which now hung around my neck was upside down! I turned it over but the T on it fell down to make it upside down again, I kept turning it over and over, trying to make it stay right side up long enough for me to tell the demons again "in Jesus name leave me!" but it wasn't working.     I finaly grabed it, holding the T the way it was supposed to be. I said it, the demons left and I threw the wreched necklace out of my window. I imidiatly regreted it though. I knew someone else would pick it up and they too would have the curse I had bore.     I ran outside to get it, but someone else picked it up. It was too late. The circle was going to start all over again.     I don't really remember what happened then.... but i do remember going ot my bedroom and saying "InJesus name leave me" once more and suddenly fealing peace before I woke up.    This made me beleive, there realy are demons in my house, and they really are out to get me. It does say in the bible that the closer you are to God, the more they hate it and will try to pull you away. But, Jesus is greater then all the demons of the earth and Satan. There is nothing that can harm you if you stay on the path of righteousness. Nothing.