Happy Groundhog Day!  Today, as a special feature, I went out, and interviewed a groundhog.  I figured this would make a half interesting blog.  After searching for hours, I finally found what appeared to be a ground hog hole.  After sitting there for several hours, a groundhog finally poked his head out of the hole.    I quickly tackled this ground hog, and held him down.  After his initial shock, I explained what I was wanted to do.  I then proceeded to ask him a series of intense, grilling questions.  The conversation went as follows:  E (as in Eric): So, Mr. Hog, what are your feelings today?  G (as in ground hog): Well, I think that this years Groundhog Day will be most interesting.  I think I can make it without seeing my shadow.  E: That is fascinating.  What is your game plan?  G: I’m sorry, but I can’t reveal that information.  E: Oh, right, you never know when your shadows watching.  G: They can be sneaky…very sneaky.  E:  So, I suppose there really aren’t any more questions I can ask you about today, eh?  G: No, unless they have nothing to do with my shadow and me.  E: Excellent.  Then, may I ask, what is it like, being a groundhog?  G: Well, it’s actually quite interesting.  Never a dull moment, actually.  E: Hmm.  I don’t quite see.  G: Well, let me explain it to you.     At this point, the groundhog broke off into an excruciatingly loooonnnngg speech on life as a ground hog.  They actually aren’t as boring as I thought.  They have this large, secret underground city, which stretches for miles.  A whole groundhog society!  There’s Groundhog businesspersons, they have cars….And a president.       Anyway, it’s a whole groundhog utopia.  In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if, in a million years after the human race is wiped out, if groundhogs are the supreme species.  It is uncanny what the groundhogs have done.  I finished my conversation with my furry friend…  E: Wow.  That was amazing.  But sadly, I have to go.  G:  Okay, wish me luck with my shadow.  And by the way, he didn’t see his shadow.     So, by now you are wondering, ‘what, is this guy nuts??”  No, I am not, contrary to popular belief.  I am just in the holiday spirit.  How do you get in the holiday spirit?  Follow these simple steps:  Step 1: Watch Groundhog Day.  Laugh at all the frustration caused to Bill Murray by a groundhog!  If that gets you in the groundhog spirit, skip to step 3.  Otherwise, continue to two.  Step 2: Watch Caddyshack.  Laugh at all the frustration caused to Bill Murray by a groundhog…Again!  Step 3: Sing a couple of Groundhog day songs: http://ourworld.cs.com/DonaldRHalley/ghdsongs.htm  Step 4: Hug a groundhog.  Step 5: Repeat liberally.