Had a comparably relaxing two days.  Even pleasant.  Last month I had entered a screenwriting competition in which entrants were randomly assigned a genre and subject, and had exactly one week to write a 20-page (or less) script.  Last Saturday the genres/subjects were posted to the competition's web site, and today was the deadline to postmark the entry.      My genre was "comedy" and subject was "plastic surgery".  Craig suggested that I use my idea for the sexist guy who goes into the hospital for a vasectomy, and is accidentally given a sex change operation.  I originally planned to write this as a feature-length script (and had written the first act several months ago), so the trick was to come up with an ending within 20 pages.  Using a lot of what I already had, I was able to pound out the first 16 pages last Sunday.  Today I finally had an epiphany about the ending, and finished by 6:30 tonight.  So who knows, I might win something.  There are only 11 contestants in my category.  I figure writer's block and bad writing will rule out most of the other 10.  Based on the screenwriting competition I used to direct, 99% of what people write is garbage.     I had a pleasant lunch today with Jim K., former student (from 18 years ago!) and his new girlfriend.  Somehow he tracked me down using Google and a search for "Lisa Wendy Shelby".  I was a little apprehensive about how I would look so much older than the cute youthful teacher he remembered, but thought, 'What the heck, he's 18 years older too.'  Well, I was delighted when I walked into the restaurant and he hugged me and said, "Lisa, you look exactly the same."  Actually, he looked pretty much the same too, although much cuter than I remembered.  And a doctor, no less.     The conversation was a little awkward as I was trying to pull his girlfriend into the conversation, but she didn't have much to contribute.  I hope she didn't notice that Jim was pretty much staring at me the whole time.  He had that same bemused little smile that Rick used to get whenever he watched me.  So okay, Jim must have had a big crush on me and maybe still does.   When his girlfriend got up to go to the bathroom for the second time, I realized I'd better make my exit so they could continue their romantic weekend alone.  Either that, or she has a weak bladder.  Anyway, I was gratified to be, for exactly two hours today, the object of someone's long-term admiration.  (well, besides Craig's)  I of course immediately called Craig afterward and informed him that his wife's former student still had eyes for her, and he assured me that he was well aware of having such a good-looking wife.   All together now:  Awwwwww.