Wow....a year ago I landed in this airport and it is hard to believe that in a few hours I will be boarding a plane and heading home.  In many ways, Japan has become my home and last night I definitely realized that.  A few weeks ago I decided to take the night bus and so last night at 11:10 I left Miyagi.   My closest friends in Japan...Jemma, Steph, Yuko, and Nitanai Sensei (Tomoko) were there to see me off (along with like 15 other jets because 4 of us were on this bus).  I was doing okay with the goodbyes until I went to give Yuko a hug and she was crying.  She has definitely been my family here in Japan and to see her so upset crushed me.  I never like to see my friends cry and it is even harder when you know you are the one causing it.  Everyone's eyes appeared as though they would soon be releasing tears and as I took my seat on the bus and looked out to wave goodbye, the floodgates in my eyes had definitely been opened as well.  My time in Japan was filled with tons of ups and downs, but as I am sitting here in Narita (I have already been here for 5 1/2 hours and still have another 6 til take off) I realize that this experience has definitely changed me in ways I probably won't realize or comprehend for quite some time.  I know without a doubt that I am incredibly fortunate to have had this experience and have the amazing friends and people in my life  that make saying goodbye so hard.  As I said to Yuko, no matter when or where I am, I will always know I have family in Japan!  To those of you in the U.S....or anywhere else in the world...while I am incredibly sad to be leaving the friends I have made here in Japan, it is quite comforting to know that I have family and close friends anxiously awaiting my return to the U.S. or visits to various parts of the world.  It seems as though I have been saying many goodbyes over the past 5 years of my life, none of which get any easier, but I guess that is the price you pay for being able to have so many amazing people in your life as well as once in a lifetime opportunities.    As the song from Rent goes,   525,600 minutes, how do you measure, measure a year?!?!?!?!