i attended a gathering... twas  a family booshit. Oh well, not exactly, just  wanted to use that word.  Sorry mum . where am i? oh yeah, as always in such cases, theres the usual stuff--greetings, hellos,queries. was having a laugh actually.. then i got worried.. deep down,I know id be ask this certain question again, like every single time in every single occasion. no miss! and no matter how much I prepare myself, I always end up being nice to the asker(?)..  how does a 23 year old  NBSB  (yes... that would be No Bf Since Birth), working, close to perfection ha!ha!ha! this is just me..sorry.. joking!) still be unattached? like its a bad thing to be one! duh! hmm...hehehe. See, i got this email once where it supplied a variety of answers to this dreaded question for a  singleton  such as myself.. the ones i practiced were..  a.)  Im a lesbian   b.)  mind your own f*ckin beeswax  (sorry about this again mum, oh! you know what, i know im gonna be swearing a lot here.. so mum read no more!!!) and there's  c.)  Do you want ur nose to bleed?...   see i hated this question..  i hate it with a passion . and i hate the people, sans relative or not, to just ask away thinking they have the right..they do not!   it is rude  ! hmm..anyway, as i was busy chitchatting wit cousins, a relative (wifey to Manoy G)  surprised me with this question. SHIT! no matter how prepared i was with my choices a,b  and c.. i got blank.. aaarrggghhhh!  was defeated again . I wanted to say, "why dont you fuck your nose cos its all red and horny" (this woman has a vey hugey wogey nose thats why)  but i dint say that.. cos i was defeated.. and im such a loser.. and cos  im really a nice person . so i said my piece, my usual spiel "he has not come yet, im just waiting" blah blah blah....as expected..as usual, she goes all knowsy ( and nosey too!) and pa witty... "you know time is running out..baka maiwan ka na... whats wrong ba? u dont wanna end up like a blacklady* dyou?"   arghh ... how dare she!!! shit! and she finished off by saying " hmm..u know what you are ripe, all ready for picking " arrgghh.. and double arggghh..    im not a fruit!   *blacklady means old maid by the way!