I hope you’ve seen the flicks Bridget Jones’s Diary and About A Boy so you’ll better understand what I’m trying to say. Nevertheless, I believe my points are pretty clear even if you’ve never read the books or seen the movies. Just want to share my thoughts…     I thought it was Bridget Jones all over again. But this time, Bridget was male, ironically played by Hugh Grant, who also played Daniel, Bridget’s jerk of a boyfriend in Bridget Jones’s Diary. It’s no secret that Bridget, along with Ally McBeal, has become an icon of female singlehood, carrying the angst and the pain that comes along with the search for the right man. In the movie About A Boy, based on a novel by Nick Hornby, Hugh Grant plays Will Freeman, a singleton who is out to prove he is bloody Ibiza, a small island lying 90 kilometers off the east coast of Spain, in the Western Mediterranean and can survive on his bloody own.      “I used to think I was pretty cool. I didn’t mean anything, about anything to anyone and I knew that guaranteed me a long, depression-free life,” he said. Ibiza indeed. Will was on his own and from the looks of it, he was doing fine just by himself. That was until he met a boy who made him feel like he may not be so fine after all. While Will thought being unattached was pretty cool, Bridget thought being single was a curse. Will was also probably bothered by his single state, but, like most men, he refused to admit it. Bridget showed us single females how to laugh at how ridiculous we sometimes act as an effect of being alone. Despite the subscription to the usual fairy tale ending, she showed there is light at the end of the end of every tunnel. If that light turns out to be a special someone or finding peace in oneself will really depend on the person.     Bridget and Will have certain similarities. Both were single, thought aloud, and counted in quids and units. Both made us laugh at ourselves. But while Bridget released her angst by writing in her diary (which is what I also do), Will vegged out in front of the television. While Bridget strategized about getting a man to commit, Will strategized how to shag a girl without the consequence of a commitment. Bridget confused work with her love life; Will did not even have to work at all.      There are certainly differences between the single male and the single female. Because I am female, I cannot write much about how single men think. The opportunities for me to get a single man to talk about singlehood are rare. Most of them try to avoid the discussion, like singlehood is not at all an issue even. I get the general impression that males are more comfortable with being single than their female counterparts. They seem to be less worried about finding the right woman. This is probably their recurring fear of commitment allows them to desire something other than a serious relationship with the opposite sex.      A guy friend of mine said with all the opportunities afforded single men and women nowadays, he believes he could survive and be happy with single life. Of course, one of those opportunities he was referring to was the fact that some women nowadays are not too keen on having serious relationships anymore. To him, women have evolved into creatures that would go for one-night stands, like the men have been doing all this time. “At least now, you can have a casual relationship and not fear that the other party will haunt you for it,” he admitted to me. He loves the freedom from responsibility so much so that he has a lot of girl friends he’s “friendly” (read: sexually active) with and not one of them is committed to him.      Honestly, I really did not know if I should throw up or thank him for making me think of all these stuff on singlehood, sex, dating, commitments, etc. On one hand, I do agree there are more opportunities now for single people. On the other hand, I resent the almost chauvinistic remark about how women have changed over the years, as if the change occurred only to please men. Single people, especially women, now have more choices to consider. Some decades ago, their choices were pretty much limited to getting married or being a social disgrace. Single people can now have the opportunity to find fulfillment in knowledge, work, leisure, politics, or even spirituality. Also, there’s more entertainment now than ever before. It would not be too hard to entertain oneself through the new media and technology we now enjoy.      The main choices, however, still remain. You either get married or be a social disgrace. But at least now, you have more chances to be happy even if society deems you a disgrace.     I, however, resent the articulated perception that women, because of the so-called “liberation” movement, have become as casual about sex and relationships as men. Well, sadly, I think that perception has a tinge of reality. In a good way, I believe this behavior somehow lessens their obsessive desire to find a partner. But in a bad way, it also lessens the importance afforded to them by the opposite sex. I am not going to preach about what is right and what is wrong. At the end of the day, we must be responsible for the choices we make and the acts we commit. If a woman does not want to be treated like a sex object, then she better stop acting like one. And if a man wants to be treated with more respect, then he’d better achieve a modicum of maturity.      Men and women approach single life differently. Women tend to be more concerned about being judged by society and not being able to find the right partner. Men tend to see it as a freedom from responsibility. But I recognize that some men are just as worried as women about not being able to get married in this lifetime. In fact, some of the few single men I talked to about singlehood are more scared of growing old alone than the women. One of them even conceded that women are stronger in dealing with aloneness because men, culturally, have always been taken cared of, if not by their mothers, their girlfriends, or their wives. After all, they are expected to provide for all the women.      Women, on the other hand, were brought up to please men so that when the time comes, they will be good wives and homemakers, whose financial needs will eventually be provided for by their men. Because they were brought up to care for others, then taking care of themselves becomes an easier task.     I do not, however, think that one gender is more or less than the other. To me, males and females are equal but they still have different roles to play. Who plays the role is another matter. What was interesting about the flick About A Boy was that it gave us a whole new perspective of single life, this time courtesy of a single male. It allowed the audience to peek at a single man’s mind for a change. Unlike Bridget Jones, it didn’t highlight the romantic relationship as the solution to all of single life’s problems.     Single people could actually exist without desperately aspiring for marriage, like it was the sole source of happiness and contentment in the universe. The movie was not about finding true love, which is the theme for most movies about single women. It was about finding people and meaning in life. It was not just about a boy. It was about making sense of single life.