Reading through a dozen or so random blogs and diaries tonight has set me to wondering if my own blog is too bland.  For some reason, every blog I stumbled across as I wandered through this oddly narcissistic neighborhood of cyberspace was built around some kind of platform.  Pro-Semitic/Anti-Semitic seems to be a rising phenomenom, but there are also pro-my-favorite-religion/anti-your-favorite-religion platforms in abundance.  One blog meandered as badly as my own as the writer jumped from one platform to another trying to find something to believe in.  I guess that's the real problem, there's nothing I believe in.  No, that's not exactly right either, because there are in fact many things I believe in:  Being a person is more important than being a "man", a "woman", a "banker", a "programmer", an "artist", or any other "thing". Tolerance is the least popular and most important ideal. All gods are manifestations of our own longing for something greater than the daily grind that is our reality. The difference between history and mythology is the person telling the tale, not the tale itself. Love is the most exciting, stimulating, frustrating, infuriating, life-giving, life-stealing, confusing experience known to humankind. Hate is either love in disguise or a manifestation of our own personal fears, and sometimes both at once. Death is a gateway, although I have no idea what is waiting on the other side.  Now comes the hard part.  How do I mold these disparate ideas, many of which are only half-formed, into a precise stance that can be argued both philosophically and religiously?  Then again, why should I?  Do I need a platform of my own?  Are there advantages to running around tooting my own horn and declaring that I alone among the 6 billion plus current inhabitants of planet Earth have access to truth, reality, and the path to a higher plane of consciousness?  Assuming of course that I believe in a higher plane of consciousness.  Honestly speaking, I'm not at all certain that I do.