I have to say I think Halong Bay is possibly the most beautiful place I've ever been.  I seriously hope everyone gets a chance to see this place before they day.  It really is absolutely amazing.  We spent the night on one of the islands there and then cruised around some more today and came back.  I've been pretty drained lately and I hope to rest well tonight.  I didn't do much last night except hit the sack.  In case you didn't know Halong Bay is located in the Gulf of Tonkin and has some 3,000 plus rock islands along with numerous caves to boot.  We got to go into 2 huge caves also.   We were going to head to Laos tonight but the bus is full.  Always something messing up.  It's actually quite alright with me.  I'd like another night in a bed and be able to hang around tomorrow and finish up some last little sightseeing.  The bus takes around 24 hours to get there.  Man I'm not looking forward to that.  I need to pick up a new book.  I finished my Dhali Lama book "the art of happiness."  It was an interesting read.  The DL is a pretty smart guy and seems to really relate well to people.  I'll hit the book store tonight or tomorrow I guess.   It's funny I look back to the beginning of my journey and I can see how much I've learned in just a little over a month.  I could have saved so much money if I'd only known then what I know now.  When I say so much money I mean like $30 or $40.  Not really a great deal but for this part of the world it's a nice sum.  I feel so much more travel savvy now and I'm much more able to play the game so to speak.  Anyway you live you learn.  It's not that I waisted money but I could have done without stuff and probably found stuff cheaper if I'd tried.  I remember how nervous I was when I first started and now it's no big deal to hop around from city to city or country to country.   I need to figure out when I'm needed back in Korea.  I really want to make it to Myanmar so I think I won't spend a ton of time in Laos.  There really doesn't seem to be that much there.  I currently have 4 cities slated on the schedule and if I need more time then I can take it.   I'd have to say they thing I miss the most is being able to watch movies.  Man this is killing me.  I really want to hit a theater and just check out the summer blockbusters.  This gives me something to look forward to when I go back to Thailand.  They are big Hollywood movie fans.  Ok I need to scare up some food here pretty soon.  Bus leaves at 7:30 tomorrow so I'll probably be able to update one more time.  Same Bat time, Same bat channel.