With rusty cars and weeping willows, Keepin watch out in the yard, Just a snapshot of downhome Dixie, Could be anywhere you are,  In Carolina or in Georgia, Open arms are waitin for ya, Louisianna, yellow rose of San Antone, Arkansas, Mississippi, Old man river whispers to me, Carry on, Carry on, Sweet Southern Comfort carry on.  As I sit here I'm surrounded, By these priceless memories, I don't have to think about it, There's no place I'd rather be,  In Carolina or in Georgia, Smell the jasmine and magnollia, Sleepy Sweet home Alabama, Roll tide roll, Muddy water, Misssissippi, Blessed Graceland whispers to me, Carry on, Carry on, Sweet Southern Comfort, Carry on.  ... that song was on the radio this afternoon coming back to rutgers.  i liked it a lot. =)  i love jersey, NY, etc., but you can't ever get tired of being down South either. =)  yay.  so friends who invite you to disappear and forget about everything for a day when you really really need it are the best ever.  after what i wrote on here late thursday night, i woke up to an email yesterday morning from jessica, who is the coolest ever in my book right now.  she said if it worked in my schedule i was totally invited to just hang at her place for awhile.  so i drove yesterday, we went out to applebees and i got my requisite margarita, we rented two movies, and watched until like 2am, chatted til after 4am, i slept til 11, we made breakfast, and then went shopping half the day (i came back with 3 frank perretti novels from a used book store, a double CD of billy joel's greatest hits, and a double CD of dixie chicks live in concert) =)  having felt i was about to explode thursday night/most of friday, it was just awesome to take a break, hang out with an old friend (and her cat =P) and avoid everything causing me stress for awhile, take things easy, and just be able to ramble off the top of my head about everything going on... things that have been on my mind and some people around me daily are tired of hearing, as well as things on my mind for awhile that i haven't told anybody here but was good to be able to spout off about a little to someone completely outside my people dynamics here. =)  indeed, jessica is the coolest ever, and today was a much needed break and a super good day.  now, it's back to work... if i don't finish my algebra final take home part tonight i'm in big trouble for time to do analysis for the rest of the week.  later.