Who is shiny?  You have some interesting commentary.   But in light of the fact that I don't know if you joking or serious I've taken down my message board.  I'm also curious as to who abouthannae is.  I think you guys should e-mail me b/c you sense of humor seems lost on me.  On to other things.  So what is the hardest part about living in Korea?  Is it not being able to speak the language?  Is it having people, who have no right to speak English, randomly come up and try to talk to you?  Is it dealing with the food?  I think I'd have to say it is finding a quality place to get a haircut.  Korean haircuts pretty much suck.  I got my haircut today and pretty much made it out of there ok.  I am always nervous that they are going to fuck something up.  The always cut so close around the ears and they do a horrible job of blending.  How many pairs of clippers does it take to get a haircut?  Today I counted four.  There where the industrial strength clippers that they used when they have to chop off a lot of hair.  Then the adjustable ones so they could cut to just the right length.  Next came the surgical clippers that were used like a fine tipped brush to add the finishing touches.  Last and definitely least where the sorriest excuse for clippers I'd seen.  It was this little thing that they used clean up the back of my neck.  Anyway I'm  glad to be away from there and happy.   I am finding my gym increasingly deficient in my weight lifting needs.  I'm too tall to use half the machines there.  This gym was not meant for foreigners.  The free weights also leave something to be desired about.  Mostly because they are barely marked and it takes half my work out to track down a pair of the same weights.  I guess on the plus side the coach isn't annoying.   I've been working on my Korean pretty hard and it is getting better.  I need more practice speaking.  I think the hardest part by far is understanding Korean.  I need someone to talk with who understands my level and will speak to me accordingly.  Every time you say something in Korean to a Korean they immediately speak back to you as fast as they can.  It just doesn't seem to occur to them to speak simply and slowly.  Oh well.  I have my Halloween costume finalized.  It is the epitome of simple. Since I don't think my roommate reads this page I'll write a little bit about him.  Apparently he is pretty good with the Korean ladies.  Not hard being a foreigner but still.  I met one of this girlfriends, I'm not sure if she is really his girlfriend but whatever.  She was really pretty.  She was younger then him but she wouldn't tell me her age.  We stayed up late drinking and talking.   I broke down last night and ate sam gyup sal by myself.  If anyone out there likes eat that also, let me know.  I need someone else to dine with.  That's all folks.