All the stupid ass good for shit words on this god forsaken planet couldn't describe the shit I'm feeling right now. Stupid fucking piece of shit mindless moron, has no clue what the fuck to say... Who the fuck does he think he is. Oh ya, sure, he wants to help but there's nothing coming out of his fucking mouth... Why? Because there's no fucking cause, it's all a fucking waste of his time, stupid bastard. DAMNIT! He's gotta be so sick of so much crap he puts up with every fucking day of his shit life! He pretends that he can't hear anyone that tries to talk to him because he's his music up too loud. "don't bother, I can't hear you" THEN TURN IT THE FUCK DOWN!! God damnit, if the stupid fuck keeps being as anti-social as he his he'll never be able to help the people he wants to help. Oh ya, such a nice guy!! Really funny! Always making people laugh, sure. And there goes his slow ass mind, it's gone and lost itself again... Has to get the fucking ice to make himself feel better, sick son of a bitch. Too pussy to get some fucking help, just wants to smash his head on a concrete floor. Sick twisted mind of his driving him insane, acually wants the red burning sensation... Acually wants to sit there with his hand over his shaking arm... Fucking psycho, doesn't know what to do anymore so he does this. YOUR SICK!! YOU SICK FREAK! Leave it, just fucking leave it! Don't loose it, you'll get way to many words in your head about that bullshit everyone tells each other. You don't fucking want that do you, fuck no. There's no way your gonna get that bullshit, skrew that. You just want your corner, that's all you need right now. It doesn't understand you, it wants to but it can't cause you don't let it. You want it to, but you can't understand your own fucking self. Neither can all the other fucking livestock. There's no end to the shit you and everyone else has to put up with while they're all the mind boggling retards that they are. Everyone is at some point, but it can suck a little fucking more for the mentally unstable than others. Stupid fucking morons.  Now you'll go get the things you love the most and inflict the pain you and everyone else gets all put to-fucking-gether in a cute, fuzzy little P.O.S. BALL! Oh sure, it'll help a whole fucking lot for you, but think about the others... Think about it... Think about the ones who push you further and further into the life of a fucking teenager, there's no end to it and that's the reason they keep pushing. They couldn't care less about you yet they come to you for the repairs, of course your too fucking obedient from your bitch mother yelling at you for not saying please and thank you when you were A LITTLE FUCKING KID!!! There's so much to remember and so much to put down. You could scribble for hours on end, but it makes no fucking sense... THERE'S NO WAY IT CAN BE THAT EASY!!! But it is, and you like it... It doesn't know, it wants to , but it doesn't. Do you care? YES YOU DO!!! You want it to know, but there's no possible fucking way for it to understand when you don't, unless it's some kind of fucking mind reader...  Yes I have Rage, but it's different than the others... Pardon my french...