There are many names which we could have used to entitle this blog:  i.e., 10 places not to eat pizza, 10 most likely places to find a flasher in Italy or Spot the Brit abroad (look to the nearest queue).  But we don't have this luxury because....goodness me, we have A LOT to catch up on for this site...so let's get cracking.  Might take a couple of blogs to do all this justice and we might shoot off soon because our tummies our empty and our the alcohol levels in our system might possibly be lowered to something resembling 'normal' and that needs to be rectified ASAP.  On Thursday we bade farewell to Rome (the pickpockets, the weird one-armed drunk and the spitters at the station - oh it was a lovely area we stayed in) and travelled to Naples via Eurostar.  A nice, clean air conditioned journey.  Then we moved further south to Pompei.  We stayed in the Hostel Pellegrini which was clean, hospitable and quiet.  It was also closed every day between 10 - 3 which was not useful when we arrived, sweltering under the heat and laden under the weight of our backpacks at 1.30.  But all was not lost as the local restaurant owner let us bput our bags there for a while whilst we explored modern Pompei and got our bearings.  Once checked in, we headed for the train station and took the Circumvesuviana line to Ercolona and saw the preserved city of Heculaneum, which had suffered the same fate as ancient Pompei.  We both liked the ruins which were very intact, all things considered.  But the place lost some points for having no tour, and no literature available to help us work out exactly what we were looking at.  Our Italian improved rapidly through the day.  We can now ask quite useful things, such as  which platform does the train for Pompei leave from?   and  Is this the train for Pompei?   which is a step up from saying  ciao marinero  (hello sailor! - to be said with a flick of the leg and a big wink) to all and sundry (hey - it kept us amused...and still does)  We have found the Italian people to be very friendly and helpful, even offering help when we didn't think we needed it (but actually did!).  The next day we took a day trip to the island of Capri.  Again, our newly improved Italian was very useful.  I managed to get our laundry sorted and Gemma was using her vocabulary in the bank.  We have however, come across one issue with the language - it's fine to ask for something, but then we don't understand the answer!!!  Oh well....  Capri was a pleasant day.  The majority of it was spent on a boat trip around the island, taking in some sights and culminating in a trip into the  Castro Azzuro  (blue caves).  This entailed disembarking from our, safe and sturdy boat on to a teeny tiny row boat in the middle of some quite tumultuous waters...being charged for the row boat, being charged for entry into the caves and then being told we had to tip.  Rip off!  But the caves were lovely, the sun caught the water in such a way that a wonderful blue light radiated around us and it really was worth the effort and the cash.   We then discovered that there are certain places where it is not a good idea to eat pizza.  The first of these was standing at the marina, with people jostling for position on the jetty at peak time, waiting for the hydrafoil back to the mainland.  I (by total accident) had managed to order a whole take out pizza, it was HUGE.  So Gem and I felt obliged to eat it...and we did well....not one single spillage and not a mouthful wasted.  But, it was quite a job.  Not queuing here....on the continent you push and pull people out of your way.  With a large pizza in tow....it's really not that easy....!