Well, like the prow of a ship, I guess I will part these waters.  It was my hope that our extrovert, Shannon, would start, but it looks like destiny has something else in mind.  I will relate my part of the tale as accurately as I can, but bear in mind it comes through the Wendy-filter and who knows what kind of bizarre skewed mess that makes of reality.  The story begins around 1988, about four years after I had graduated from high school.  I was a late college bloomer and had spent some time working before I figured out what I really wanted to do.  First generation college student.  Secondary education was not a high priority in my family.  I decided to major in art (sort of silly in retrospect) and proceeded to enroll at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville.  I had no idea what I was doing, where I was going, didn't get the whole college thing since I didn't even have any friends who had been to college.  I thought it would be easiest to just move into the dorm, although I felt sort of stupid since I was older than most of the Froshes around me.  Reid Hall is where I met "the girls", met them independently from one another.  Ginny I met during a fire drill.  She and I lived on the same floor.  We're all sitting out on the grass waiting for the okay to go back in and I'm standing around like a goober feeling really out of place.  I hadn't been living there very long -- couple days maybe? I saw Ginny sitting on the grass and I knew I couldn't bear just standing there by myself anymore since most everyone was talking to someone.  She was sitting with a group of people and she looked very non-intimidating.  She looked least likely to think I was an alien.  (Little did I realize then what a weirdo she actually was.)  She and I were friends first.  Shannon came later, although she was always there, like the air, like the mist, like clouds in the sky.  We all lived on the 8th floor, all women, all single rooms, no roomies!  I had a corner room, Shannon's room a few doors down from mine, Ginny's was on the other side of the hall, about halfway between us.  Shan was the white-haired girl that everyone knew by sight, but nobody "knew".  She carried a shoulder strap purse that bounced on her hip when she did her "model walk".  (She's going to hate this post, I'm sure.  Oh well.)  She and I had an art class together and before we were friends she used to aggravate me because she always came to class late because she was too busy stopping at the student union to get frozen yogurt.  She'd do her projects the night before they were due and fling them together and get an "A".  I agonized over mine for a billion years and was lucky if I got much better than average.  I was filled with bitterness over it all!  At the time she seemed SO not my type of pal, but eventually we became such close friends.  I don't even remember how.  What a fabulous life we had together.  So many years of memories and wonderment.  I'm not even sure I can properly express how valuable that time was to me.  We lasted a few years until Ginny was the first to leave.  She transferred to Texas Tech against our protests.  And then... I can't remember who left next -- I think Shannon graduated before I did and went on her way.  My degree took five years because I was in a specialized program.  I started college so petrified, feeling really out of place.  I came out of it wiser, more courageous, calm, eager to learn, open-minded, free.  I discovered falling in love and falling out of love. I experienced the hard knocks of living in the world on my own (horrible little things like small claims court, burglared cars, oil burning vehicles, stalkers, creepy dates and learning to keep house).  And I was lucky enough to do it all with those two girls at my side -- sometimes keeping me out of trouble, but actually more often than not, getting me into trouble.  (To be fair, it was mostly just Shannon.  Ginny was a very good girl!)  The years that followed got proceedingly stranger and stranger as life progressed and where I am now is where I never thought I would be.  But isn't that the way it is for most people?  And certainly tales for another day, after the girls have shared their versions of The Beginning.