We have tried several times to post a blog recently but for one reason or another it hasn't quite pulled off.  So, we'll start again...we have arrived (and are now soon to leave) the wonderful palace of pink.Last Sunday (in fact a week ago today) we caught several trains which took us from the Amalfi Coast and cross country to Brnidisi, one of the major ferry ports out of Italy.  One eventful occurence on the train was watching a local be arrested for stealing the money from the lunch cart.  Took several ratehr large men quite a while to overpower him (pepper spray included) and escort him from the premises.  The Italian police are quite intimidating, and yes, they did have a gun in their pockets but no, they were not pleased to see anyone!  So we arrived at Brindisi in good time and settled down at the port with several others to wait out the delay on the ferry by playing cards and the like.  A quick mention to some wonderful people we met, i.e., Monica and David.  Two Canandians who were fantastic company and stayed for the first few nights here at the palace.  We hope that you guys enjoyed Athens!  Upon embarking the ferry, we located a good camping spot before bedding down for the night.  By a good spot, we mean NOT downwind of the great petrol fumes and somewhere reasonably quieter....  It was fantastic to sleep under the stars and we were both impressed by having such a good night's sleep in such different cirumstances.  We awoke the next day to see Corfu and the Pink Palace bus!  So-o-o...the rest needs sub headings to fit it all in... here goes.....  The Pink Palace Good, very cheap, very clean and they look after you well here.  The beach is a bit of a trek down the side of the mountain but that's the only downside really.  Also, they have put Gem and I in the rooms right at the top of the hotel, so we have an extra, extra long walk....buns of steel!  We get a breakfast and evening meal included, which again is good and wholesome and there are some interesting excursions of which we have participated!  Ouzo Every other night in the "Pink Palladium" (chronic, isn't it?!) they have an ouzo circle where some of the staff get up and do some Greek dancing and people smash plates over other people's heads.  Then, they rush around the seated audience, filling their open mouths with ouzo....it's spit, swallow or choke....the stuff is lethal.  Gemma was having a great time, she was dancing away in the circle and then having more ouzo poured down her mouth, chin, T-shirt....  But that was OK....until the next morning when I was awoken by Gemma "Chunder Wonder" Wiggle, puking away in the bathroom.  Bless, she even blocked the sink!  So we're leaving a huge tip for the cleaners as they did have a job sorting that one out for us!  Ooops!    Gemma's tip of the day:  Don't drink if it's pink!  Booze Cruise Yes, this is as drunken and debauched as it sounds...they take you out on a leeetle boat and let you drink...all day.  But that's after they give you the opportunity to jump from a 55 foot cliff and into the ocean.  Gem, sensibly opted out of this particular activity.  I, however, determined to banish my fear of heights, climbed the rock face (we are talking a proper rock face here...I said to the guy,  what happens if i slip?   To which he replied.... you don't slip  - I looked at the rocks below and clung on!)  So, I was the second person to jump.  It was a long, long way down and the shock alone nearly killed me...but wow!  what an adrenaline rush!  After that, there were drinking games, swimming in pitch black underwater caves (some not underwater with bats flying above our heads) snorkelling and more cliff jumping (but not me this time!)  It was a fun day!  We have had a great time here and we are leaving to go to Kavos tomorrow and see some friends there!  We've played about with the idea of going to Athens, if not then Venice (there's a ferry from Corfu to Venice, so probably the most likely option) and even just not catching our flight but just training it all the way back to England (that won't happen, but it kept us entertained for a little while!)  Hope all is well wherever you are,  Claire and Gemma xxx