the other day, something so weird and klutzy of me happened. can you believe that i actually smashed the light bulb in our room? it happened when i was testing my badminton racket and i accidentally hit the bulb. it was smashed into pieces and the shattered bulb showered upon me and i started to panic. it was a coincidence that jammi called the very same minute. i told him about it and he kept on laughing. though i didn't tell anybody the real reason i broke it, i told them i was yanking my THE project out of my bag and it flew to the ceiling and hit the bulb. wow, i didn't think anybody would buy that but hey, no one else saw the incident so it's the only thing they could believe.   that was the weirdest accident that ever happened to me! i can't help smiling at the fact that, one day, i may be telling my kids, "hey, sweetie, you know, mama broke the light bulb once.." that would be the lamest thing they'd probably hear from me...  so anyway, jammi called that night. he was really sweet and stuff [as always]. later that night, we went on a three-way connection with my friend, carmina, who asked me if jammi could help her in putting chords in the song she wrote. we didn't really finish anything but they were able to know each other. i was really kilig when carmina told me that we were perfect for each other even by just judging with the voices. the next day [yesterday] she told me that jammi and she talked through SMS the night before. she asked him if we were close and jammi said we were so close! being a really perky girl, carmina asked how come he didn't court me and he replied with a, "hindi eh, friends lang kami [no, we're just friends]." it doesn't matter since i feel inside that i love him and somehow, he loves me, too. even if i'm wrong about the "he loves me, too", it wouldn't matter since we're not really attached or anything.  Yesterday was our second PALIHAN. Our theme was about Filipino Youth. The day didn’t start so great since our PALIHAN notebooks were missing so we have to replace them. Anyway, before recess, we viewed this documentary film about children in labor. It was entitled, “Minsan Lang Sila Bata.” It was the most horrifying thing that touched me.  The first part of it was in taken in a slaughterhouse in Cebu. There was this kid, 13 years in age though he looked so much smaller than what a regular 13-year-old kid would look like. His work in the slaughterhouse was to shave off the remaining hair on the pigs which the machine didn’t get. The usual mishaps that happen to them is slip, get really dirty or cut themselves. There was this part where he cut himself and he didn’t even care that much when in reality, his wound could get really infected. Then there was Dio, 14 years old, working for the slaughterhouse. He was so dirty that flies were sticking to him. Sometimes, their bosses don’t give them their salaries and sometimes, they’re only given the little fats from the pigs or cows they clean. Then when they come home, they’d sell those fats in the public market and they have to be careful because selling isn’t allowed for them. But do they really have a choice when they’d starve if they don’t make money?  The next one was in Ormoc, a little girl named Telena, 10 years old, working in a field cutting off some kind of grass with her 3 brothers. It was really sad how she wanted to go to school but couldn’t. she and the other children there are worrying about the debt their parents made at such a young age. It awakens some kind of disgust inside me. I feel disgust of the government and how they play blind to this situation. I know that they have to cut off a lot from the country’s budget to solve this but these small things are the reasons why our country’s down in the dumps. I feel disgust for the parents who “raise” these kids. They’re so irresponsible to let their own children slave for the mistakes they did. I feel disgust for myself. While I hate going to school, these kids are dying to go to school even for just a day.   The last one was really intense. It was in this dock in Dapitan where 5 kids were to transfer 12,000 sacks of cement for two days. It was unfair how the adults treat them. They were the ones who were doing the harder work for the adults instead of the adults doing it for them. It was just too much.   It makes me think of how lucky I really am. I was born in a situation where I don’t have to work like those kids. I’m able to attend a school, a private one even. I can eat more than three meals a day. I don’t have to get dirty or hurt. These kids work even harder than my folks. They get so wounded inside and out and they won’t even complain about it. For them, it’s life….always will be. I get a little cut and I complain already. They almost get their fingers cut off and they just laugh about it. Makes me think how unfair the world is. Why is it that these kids, so young and so innocent, have to endure these pains?  I swear that I will do something about it…one way or another.    I do learn from these school gimmicks…I was so moved that I was actually inspired by reality…  Mg salik ang nakita ko kanina Mga mamamayang mura pa’t mahina Laking gulat ko bilang Theresiana Kabataan pala’y naghahanapbuhay na  Kasing edad ko ngunit layo sa edukasyon Sapagkat sa utang at hirap ay baon Gusto nilang makapag-aral pero bakit ganoon? Parang walang pag-asa kahit sa darating na panahon  Trese, katorse pero katawa’y maliit pa Sa trabaho ba naming sila’y magkandarapa Sa paligid nilang mas marumi pa sa lupa Mas mahina pa sa bagong silang na tupa  Pati problema ng magulang ay problema nila Parang pinarurusahan sa di nila sala Nais lamang nila’y awa at pagpapala Ginahawa ng buhay kasama ang madla  Kaya’t tayong mapapalad ay magsimulang kumilos  Mag-aral ng mabuti upang pagdatin ng panahon Mga bayaning ito’y ating maiahon.