And finally I arrive at my own blog.  First and foremost it is snowing outside, that's a little cool.  It isn't just snowing a little either it was really snowing.  I smell chicken in this pc room, man I would like some of that.  So I did the normal rounds on the blogs tonight and I have to say it was very interesting.  I thought Caleb's latest entry was most interesting.  Actually it might not be the most recent but one of them at least.  That's all I'll say b/c if I try to explain why I'll just sound stupid.  Everyone updated and there was a lot of good reading.  I almost had a heart attack when I saw Andrew updated.  I'd pretty much given up on you Andy.   I seems like when it rains it pours.  I pulled 3 extremely late, or early nights in a row on Thurs., Fri., and Sat. and now I'm paying for it.  I slept like a fucking log like last night and I'm going to sleep well again tonight.   I'll fill in a few details left out from Thursday night first.  Shit, I left out the word fun from my last entry.  I just now realized this as I reread to see what I'd already said.  The sentence should read "Amicus is a lot of fun but it is......".  Ok now that is taken care of.  What I remember most is how full I was.  We had dinner and I ate my entire dish.  Then I felt the need to eat other people's' left over rice.  Next at Amicus we had a side dish of this super awesome sweet bread stuff.  It was so good but so filling.  Ok I already wrote about that too.  Forget Thursday I don't want to talk about it any more.  It was sad that Sarah had to leave but it seems that she arrived safely in GA which is always a good thing.   Onto Friday.  I met Asma and Fenton downtown at the board game cafe.  Asma and I played a little bit of Operation.  I won but she had a chance to clench and choked by dropping the writer's cramp pencil back into the board.  I think the Koreans were a little confused as to why we were playing that game.  Fenton showed up and we started playing Royal Turf.  This game is pretty awesome.  Othello is the horse of horse's and money should go on him all the time.  Anyway I had to split out early as I hate a date with the girl I met on New Year's name Hey-Sook.  Together with her is how the infamous sam gyup sal  got eaten.  Actually things went really well.  We ate and checked out a movie.   Saturday night was a bit odd.  I'm not sure what it was but something seemed to be odd or different.  First of all Alex got drunk crazy and took it out on me.  Oh well whatever, luckily I was able to salvage most of the night.  I don't think I'll be seeing much of her in the future.  Bellagio is definitely my favorite place to drink in Daegu followed by New Blue as a close second.  We had BBQ to eat and then did a bit of drinking at Bellagio.  I ended up playing pool with Gumi games at upstairs GR.  Ok be careful, this dude is a pool shark.  He put together a five ball run on me.  Granted I'm not really good by shit he rocked.  We ended up downstairs dancing away.  There were a lot of people there but they were mostly Koreans.  Where do the foreigners go nowadays?  I think the answer is TC.  Like Caleb I stayed away from the  cage.  We were all on the stage at some point breaking it down.  I for some reason or other went solo and just hit the dance floor by myself.  Lately this has paid a lot of dividends.  Once again the shareholders were happy.  I ended up meeting this girl named Yoon-Jung and ended up hanging out with her until it closed.   Sunday was tame.  Not really much doing.  I wish he subway ran later.  Why don't I have enough time?  I only work 4 or so hours a day.  I guess I need to manage my time better but really I feel like I try to.   Ok this Friday night guys night is in full effect.  Someone please let Gumi James know about it and any other cool dude who wants to hang out.  I think I'll set the limit at 6.  After 6 the group is too big and just gets cumbersome.  So the first four reservations go to Caleb, Gabe, Fountain and myself.  There was a break from it last week so we need to come back in full force.  Ok now I'm really tired and just talking the crazies like someone else I know.   Here is another good quote I like.  Someone famous said this but I can't remember who and I'm not going to bother looking it up.  I think it was a big wig philosopher.  "not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted"