Yah! Today was the Strawberry Festival Parade. Since I'm in Spirit of Windsor Marching Band, I had to march for the Parade. This would be my third time marching. The former two were the Tecumseh Winter Parade, and the Windsor Santa Clause Parade in the winter.  We were supposed to be at the band centre at 8a.m., to get into our uniforms and practice the moves and stuff, and left for LaSalle around 9. We drove pass the Optimists on our way there, pshh they're our rival band. They suck. Haha. Anyways, the parade started at 10, we were the second or third group to go. Before us were a flow cart thingy, and some dudes riding on bicycles doing tricks. It wasn't a long parade, was only about 30 or 40mins, but it was not that comfortable for me. Mike (drumline director) told me to tuck my hair in my helmet, which was... difficult to do, because for those who know me, my hair is quite long -_-... So basically, I had twist it into a bun,  without  the pins to keep it up, and wore my helmet over. So umm, it was a bit tight on the forehead, and it hurted, and I had to bear with it through the whole parade, and I couldn't adjust the strap because then I would not be in attention... grrr, -_-   Since I am guilty of not memorizing  all  of the marching music (stress on ALL, because I DO have most of them in my head), I sorta... "BSed" my way through parts of it.. heh.. Now I must memorize all of the music..   Moving on, after wer marched through the parade, we were at the bus eating, and drinking, and fooling around. It was fun, besides the part when Demitri came behind me and choked me ¬_¬. We got back to the band centre, and everyone left. We all had a good time. :D  * I also must mention that Hikari and I are psychically connected, like those weird twin thingies. Yesterday, we both came to school complaining that ew slept late last night, and have this big headache, and burning eyes, and could practically fall asleep during geo class. And then at science, our eyes weren't teary anymore, instead they were dry. And by the end of school we were perfectly good again! It was so cool, we are so twins :D. Go bomb demons and our avatars!  -Nariel  Whoa, I typed a lot...