yesterday after our workshop (which is over now, since the yearbook has to be printed Monday, even though there is another workshop day on Tuesday), i found Pam (couldn't find Sarah) and we dyed my hair red :D..... it looks awesome (its like red/orange/pink, depending on the lighting.... it matches my shirt today!)   last night was the Recycled Material Fashion Show.... we were "VIPs" because we were in the first 8 to go in, so we got to sit on the stage like dorks while everyone looked at us going "why are you up there??" .... at least we got chairs! LOL..... some of the costumes sucked, but some were really good.... the best was Tamar's... shes awesome (i took a picture... if it turns out, ill show YOU the picture)   this morning Chris locked himself out of his room, for a long time, before anyone else was awake, and he was too wuss to knock on our animateur's door to get it unlocked. when i went for my shower, he was standing there in the hall and scared the crap out of me (i couldnt hear anyone on the floor at all).... he could have just knocked on my stupid door and not stood outside like an idiot for an hour and a half!!   this morning during breakfast, we could see all the teachers wearing their pyjamas in a room with a clear door (thus giving us an opportunity to see them LOL). i figured that all the teachers would be late for class and pretend that the had slept in, and of course, i was right! LOL.... it turned out though, that since they had slept in, they hadn't planned a lesson, so it was us that had to teach the class. i started us off by playing a game called Psychologue (psychologist) where everybody does something due ot their "illness" and one person has to guess what the illness is by asking questions. it was difficult to explain in french, just because people kept interupting me (AMANDA W!) ... it was so badly played though, because the person guessing what we were doing was Anastasia H (the crazy one) (we would always answer for the person to our left. if i was wearing a red shirt and the person to the left was wearing green, i would said that i am wearing green.)  at the end of the game, she said i didnt explain her role well enough to her, but i had explained it in ENGLISH because we were out in the hall and she had no clue what i was saying in French. i told people that and they laughed because everyone thinks shes crazy LOL   thats about it... the rest of the day is free... tonight we are going on a ghost walk through Vieux Québec (and we are going to see if we can stay there when its over, because we dont have time to take the bus back to the campus, then the city bus back to Quebec, then BACK to the campus lol)     tomorrow we are going to the Biodome in Montreal (i love it there... so many cool animals)... thats it for now, i dont know if ill get the internet or not next week (im sure i will)... Au revoir!