this is pretty cool:  Posted on Thu, Feb. 12, 2004   Childhood dream graces Vanity Fair  By PETE TATTERSALL THE SUN HERALD  In the summer of 1982, 11-year-old Eric Zala and 10-year-old Chris Strompolos, both South Mississippi residents, set out to make their own adaptation of Steven Spielberg's "Raiders of the Lost Ark." The effort became a seven-year odyssey that would nearly ruin their friendship and resulted in at least one trip to the emergency room.  Now, more than 20 years later, their childhood film project has not only resurfaced, it has evolved into something of an underground cult favorite, landing them a 10-page spread in the March issue of Vanity Fair magazine and sparking negotiations to film a feature movie about their story.  "I think everybody remembers when they were kids, and they had some grand scheme that they wanted to pull off, or a daydream, some kind of childhood ambition," said Vanity Fair writer Jim Windolf, who stumbled upon the story while surfing the Web site www.AintItCoolNews.com. "Most people don't do it, and these guys actually did it."   ------------------------------------------------------------------------  Raiders Fan Story Sold   Scott Rudin has purchased the life rights of the trio of filmmakers who constructed the ultimate tribute movie, Raiders of the Lost Ark: The Adaptation, Variety reported. Rudin obtained the rights from Chris Strompolos, Eric Zala and Jayson Lamb, who as adolescents in Mississippi launched a shot-by-shot remake of Raiders in Zala's backyard while on summer vacation in 1982. They finished seven years later at a cost of $5,000 to $8,000, the trade paper reported.  Strompolos, who starred as Indiana Jones, came up with the idea when he was 10 and told his friend Zala, who was 11, about it as they rode the bus to school. Zala eventually storyboarded the 649 scenes in the film; Lamb, who was a fan of horror movies and Rick Baker special effects, shot on a VHS camcorder, the trade paper reported.  After the film was completed, it remained largely unknown until it was discovered two years ago by filmmaker Eli Roth, who submitted it for a showing at the fourth annual Butt-Numb-a-Thon Festival organized by Harry Knowles in Austin, Texas, in December 2002, the trade paper reported. That led to a letter of endorsement from director Steven Spielberg, the trio's story being pitched in Hollywood and a "Raiders of the Lost Backyard" story in the current issue of Vanity Fair.  Windolf's article, titled "Raiders Of The Lost Backyard," meticulously details the unlikely tale of Zala and Strompolos' (the two were later joined on the project by buddy Jayson Lamb) shot-for-shot remake of "Raiders."  "The second I read about it, I tried to track down the guys," Windolf said. "I did an Internet search to find them, because I thought every magazine in the world would want to interview them."  In December 2002, Ira Roth, a filmmaker who released his first movie, "Cabin Fever," in 2003, and AintItCoolNews.com founder Harry Knowles, premiered the movie at a 24-hour film marathon in Austin, Texas. It charmed the audience.  "Eli Roth was a friend of someone who used to be a roommate of Eric's at NYU, and he had a copy of a copy of a copy," Strompolos said. "And Harry Knowles published a review after the world premiere."  When Roth returned to Los Angeles, said Strompolos, he passed a copy of the film, titled "Raiders of the Lost Ark: The Adaptation," to Dreamworks, where it eventually filtered up to Steven Spielberg.  "And Spielberg wrote us a lovely letter, congratulating us and letting us know what a great job we did," Strompolos said.  Now, negotiations are under way to option the film rights to Strompolos, Zala and Lamb's childhood story. Think "Stand by Me" meets "Goonies" meets "Raiders," Strompolos said.  "We just did it because we didn't know that we couldn't. And that sort of creative energy was captured on camera, and that charm, that die-hard quality is what people are attracted to," he said. "I think the innocent and raw energy that kids have was captured over those seven years, and that's what caught peoples' attention."