Friend or a suck up??   Fri Oct 13 20:38:52 2000       Hmm..I could talk about people on here, but I feel that this posting is not about pinpointing one person, but rather making a general statement. I guess I've thought about this issue forever, or well ever since I met my mom's friend (I'm NOT mentioning her name!). The thing is whether I could even call her a "friend" or a "suck up" or a "stranger" or an "aquaintance". She's just the type of person, who doesn't fit any of the definitions above.      Here's the thing. This women...I feel that she has a hard time making friends, whenever I've seen her, she's the one no one wants to talk to, and I guess it makes her feel bad, but what she does to get friends, is actually really annoying. Her way is to go up to the person she wants to be friends with and just start complimenting them...I mean sure we all love compliments but we only like to hear a FEW of them..not a trillion at once (usually if you aren't dumb you realize that this person is sucking up to you). But the thing is that this women feels that this is the only way she can make friends, and I guess I find that a "sad" way of making friends. I'm sure there are a lot of good stuff about her, but she either doesn't know how to express it or is just a shy person; but I fear the latter is not true, because if she was shy, she wouldn't be giving a trillion compliments/second!       So this leads me to wonder as to whether she is even a friend of my mom's? I mean she sucks up..that doesn't mean they are friends...friends do not suck up (not always or 24/7!)..I feel that I could label her as a stranger but she and my mom do speak sometimes..I guess the only thing she could be is an aquaintance (sp), but I always think of aquaintances as good things, she well I sure KNOW that what she does is NOT good!       I guess my main point here is that if you want to make friends, why not do it by showing others how you really are? Rather than maybe sucking up to them...(like my mom's no-name friend...) I feel that if you just let the other person understand you the way you are, you'll become much much Better friends then being friends based on compliments (which not to mention could be "Untrue" compliments")..I feel that sometimes these people who suck up, compliment for friendship, they don't give a crap about what they are saying! That's all..