Subject: Waldorf transcript story      urlLink http://www.demog.berkeley.edu/~gabriel/weblog/2003_06_01_archive.html#105458567485139322      I'm completely flabbergasted that the Waldorf transcript story, which is all over the British and international press and if true at a minimum will force Powell's resignation, has been completely ignored by the American press, aside from the Reuters article on MSNBC's website.  It is still possible that the story is a fabrication. However, that seems less likely in light of the Guardian's follow-up today detailing Jack Straw's non-denial that he had a meeting with Powell right before the UN speech at which both men expressed doubts about the weapons evidence :  Mr Straw yesterday denied he had had a private meeting with Mr Powell on February 4, the eve of the security council meeting where Mr Powell gave a dramatic presentation of intelligence material purporting to reveal hard evidence that Iraq possessed chemical and biological weapons.  The foreign secretary said he did not arrive in New York until the day of the crucial security council meeting.  Diplomatic sources remain adamant, as the Guardian reported on Saturday, that Mr Straw did have a private conversation with Mr Powell in which both men expressed their concerns about the quality of the intelligence they had been given and how it was being used to bolster their governments' case for war against Iraq. In fact, the original article did not say that Powell and Straw met on February 4, but only that they met "shortly before a crucial UN security council session on February 5." It seems eminently possible that the two met that morning, particularly because Powell's official schedule for the day shows nothing before 10:10 a.m. A story in U.S. News & World Report which discusses the weapons propaganda, but not the Waldorf meeting, confirms that Powell did stay at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel, arriving on February 4.  Straw's denial of something he wasn't even accused of doing (meeting Powell on February 4) reminds of genius-comedian Eddie Izzard's brilliant bit on lying:  When we were kids, we lied our heads off. "I didn't do it! I was? I wasn't? I was dead at the time. I was on the Moon .... with Steve." And your Dad's going,  "I haven't even accused you of anything yet!"  "Oh, all right. Well? what is? what's the question? well, I? I? well? what?"  "Did you brush your teeth?"  "No? yes? what's correct? Anyway ? yeah. I was dead at the time!"