Somethings never change talaga. No matter what I do or where I go, people would come to me help. People from all walks of life, regardless of age, gender, culture, sexual orientation, etc. would come to me to seek my assistance in whatever it is they can't seem to handle; from love problems, which is fairly common, to technical problems, which I'm not an expert. True to my nature, I would end up helping all these people. I don't mind helping people, it's just that these people would eventually become dependent on me for a lot of things. Instead of reading the help file of some software or the detailed instructions on how to do something, these people would expect ME to tell them what to do! Not only that, the same people you help, the same people who would call you up in the middle of the night for some mundane love problem they "feel" they need to tell you, these people won't be around when you need them. How many times have I experienced being brushed off as unimportant when I turn to these people for help or just to talk?  A lot ! This is why I've grown tired of helping others. When I have problems, I have no one to turn to, these people won't give you the time of day. I have become tougher now, I know how to say NO. I can spot emotional vampires before they can suck the life out of me.   Two things everyone should realize:  1.   There is a set of instructions or a manual that comes with every gadget you use, READ IT  . Don't expect everyone to help you all the time. Read the manual that came w/ it. It's not enought that you know how to use something, you should also know how to troubleshoot it or be willing to spend for repairs. 2.   You can't get what you can't give, or maybe, you don't want to give  . Don't expect me to be always there for you, to listen to you if you don't know how to listen to me. How can I be a friend to you if you don't know how to be a friend to me? If you treat my concerns as trivial then don't come to me for advice, I'm trivial remember?