My lesson topic is regarding HTML and the basics on how to begin writing Web pages. I personally don't know the code at all; I chose the topic since I had a high school HTML textbook at home on loan from a teacher. The following are websites that I found which may be good to use as resources.   Page Tutorial  urlLink http://www.pagetutor.com/  This particular website,  urlLink PageTutor , is a good online resource for beginners to those who are already familiar with HTML. The user can order the tutorials in written/printed format. In addtion, the site offers both free material as well as more in-depth material for registered users. I would use this website as supplemental material to the Shelly Cashman textbook for those who might find it beneficial or more interesting.   Page Tutorial 2  urlLink http://www.mcli.dist.maricopa.edu/tut/  This website,  urlLink Writing HTML , is somewhat similar to the previous one. The website is broken into various lessons, progressing from basic to more difficult. Each begins with a list of objectives. The lessons, themselves, contain numerous headings to break up the text as well as bolded words and hyperlinks within the lesson. In addition, the lessons have review questions at the end. The lessons seem to be very informative, but often contain nothing but text; in other words, some don't contain illustrations which serve visual learners well. I would use this also to supplement the textbook. Students could either use this site or the first one. It's always good to have choices in this world!   Call the Doctor  urlLink http://www2.imagiware.com/RxHTML/  This is a very neat website ( urlLink Doctor HTML ), one that I never knew existed on the Web. This is a Web page analysis tool that examines a particular Web page for any errors. The site will provide the user with information on how to improve his/her page. In addition, the user can select the various diagnostic tools that he/she wants to use. In other words, the user can direct the site to check for certain errors while ignoring others. This would be great for those just learning the code. Errors are a near certainty. Students could use this when their Web page will not run properly, and they are unable to find the error.