OK...I'm gonna tell you this RIGHT NOW...I love their updates....but the other thing, I'M JUST THINKING OUT LOUD BUT NEED TO BE HEARD, don't bother reading it if you don't want to learn something about me.       I got home today and all I thought about was spending tomorrow with you guys...well that went down the drain about as fast as the worth on a brand new car being driven out of the lot.   Got online, conducted my meeting for Voices of MHS, then came here.  I don't think I've laughed that hard in soo long, it was great!, then I came to reading a couple of your profile things.  Learned a lot, a lot of stuff I stepped back and said, whoa, definately could have used that information when I said  THAT .  Anyway, enjoyed learning about my friends.  Then, as I can only explain it this way, had an out of body experience in which I believe I totally just flipped out.  The below is where I need the poor soul who decided to read this to come in.       I'm gonna say something that I hope the person that this is about won't get mad at, but someone came to me saying that they didn't feel like they fit in somewhere.  I, being just this type of person that MANY of you don't know of yet, did my best to talk them through it and I think I made it ok again, but just tonight I think something horrible snapped.  " I FINALLY FIT IN ."  I finally have people who care about me, who listen to me, trust me, like hanging with me, lol...and ITS GREAT!, but OMG   I wasted   it.  My God I wasted it.  ALL of you are going to come to realize this year that I'm NOTHING like what you thought.  And it sucks because I've now wasted almost 4 years just by  TRYING  to fit in by NOT being myself when I already did the few times that I  WAS  myself.  Honestly.  I don't know, I think I need something like Paige's journal thing instead of this to write in, but this is a start I guess.  I'm gonna go ahead and come right on out and say  EVERYTHING  I have to say just so that I feel better, just remember, I warned you.  (This will be short from now on)   -I'm funny, really, nobody knows it, but I am...   -I'm patient, nobody has seen it but I am...   -I LOVE LISTENING TO PEOPLE...nobody has taken advantage of it (Kevin and Spenc have)...but I do   -I'm not as hyper and dumb as I played it off to be, thats what sucks...   -I'm not as flippen mushy gushy as I have acted in the last few days....I was lost...REALLY LOST    -to keep it short...I'm nothing like I thought I was...or you thought i was, and now I have all that time to try to make up with all of you, girls and guys included.  LOL...IT JUST SUCKS!  LOL...WOW.  Whether Paige reads this or not, but Paige is right, Life sucks, but it only sucks as much as you make it.  I don't know..maybe I'll screw it up this year by being me and you guys finding out you like me faking my horrendous pitiful life better, but I don't care...I feel SO much better now.  I honestly think that I will have so much a better time this year then my whole life.  You can hold me to it....