Regarding making out, via bubbs (Biola University Bulletin Board System) circa Spring 2002.  Darren M. Harbaugh has joined the chat. Stacey Y. Mano has joined the chat. Darren M. Harbaugh: wanna dance? Stacey Y. Mano: haha, very funny Darren M. Harbaugh: haha Stacey Y. Mano: no more dancing for you Brady K. Petersen has joined the chat. Darren M. Harbaugh: hey stacey wants to dance Stacey Y. Mano: ahhhhh Brady K. Petersen: i'm always ready Darren M. Harbaugh: she asked for you, brady Stacey Y. Mano: umm Stacey Y. Mano: right Darren M. Harbaugh: special order Stacey Y. Mano: that was suppose to be a secret darren! Brady K. Petersen: mano, you need to get your priorities straight Stacey Y. Mano: oh man.. my bad Melissa R. Sandoli has joined the chat. Darren M. Harbaugh: wanna dance? Stacey Y. Mano: hi roomie Brady K. Petersen: melissa is in here Melissa R. Sandoli: Whats up guys i heard stace wants to dance Stacey Y. Mano: jerk! Darren M. Harbaugh: yeah, we're having a dance party Stacey Y. Mano: roomie.. your going down Brady K. Petersen: oh yeah does she ever Melissa R. Sandoli: cool i'm in Brady K. Petersen: she basically tore up the fullerton dance floor Darren M. Harbaugh: stac(e)y invited me to dance Brady K. Petersen: didnt she melissa? Stacey Y. Mano: haha Melissa R. Sandoli: oh yeah Brady K. Petersen: see melissa tells it like it is, stacey is just too humble about her moves Darren M. Harbaugh: she private chatted me begging me to dance with her Melissa R. Sandoli: she can do the fish like no other Melissa R. Sandoli: yeah she said something about it her sleep last night Stacey Y. Mano: haha... thats your move roomie Stacey Y. Mano: hey..your the one that sleep WALKS!!! Stacey Y. Mano: and talk! Brady K. Petersen: melissa, you sleep walk? Melissa R. Sandoli: yeah Brady K. Petersen: why didnt i know about this? Stacey Y. Mano: wait a minute.. have you climbed down the bunk this week? Darren M. Harbaugh: yeah, i hear most women around this campus are talking about me in their sleep Darren M. Harbaugh: yeah, she walked into my room one night Melissa R. Sandoli: well after the spring banquet movie who can resist Darren? Brady K. Petersen: darren, i talk about you in my sleep Brady K. Petersen: true true Melissa R. Sandoli: Darren you promised you woudn't tell! Darren M. Harbaugh: boo yah, i knew that film was good for something Darren M. Harbaugh: i talk about you too brady Stacey Y. Mano: what?!!!!! ahh.. roomie! Brady K. Petersen: i think the video would have been better if it was stacey and not anne  Melissa R. Sandoli: i think it was the kiss that got me Darren M. Harbaugh: ok, i won't talk about you late night adventures anymore, melissa Stacey Y. Mano: thanx a lot Melissa R. Sandoli: thanks Brady K. Petersen: well yeah Darren M. Harbaugh: stacey begged me to reenact that scene with her on mcnally last night Brady K. Petersen: between sandoli and mano that is a pretty spicy room Stacey Y. Mano: darren!! thats a secret!! Melissa R. Sandoli: hey well i just made a little visit to the makeout swing..have you guys ever been there? Brady K. Petersen: i dont know what to think about all this Brady K. Petersen: i've been there Stacey Y. Mano: lol Brady K. Petersen: not to make out though, i just walked up there mano Darren M. Harbaugh: melissa always sends me emails and letters wanting to sleepwalk with me on mcnally Melissa R. Sandoli: yeah yeah brady whatever Brady K. Petersen: mano i am not a dirtbag Stacey Y. Mano: brady k! Darren M. Harbaugh: makeout "swing"? Melissa R. Sandoli: Darren you got that confused with your dreams Brady K. Petersen: well what was melissa's reason for being there??? Darren M. Harbaugh: oh, shoot.  i think i just fell asleep there.  thanks Melissa R. Sandoli: haha Brady K. Petersen: yeah it is embarrassing going up there hoping to make out, but then you fall asleep before any girl has the same idea Melissa R. Sandoli: its a secret brady Darren M. Harbaugh: where is this lovely place? Brady K. Petersen: i think i will have to do some detective work on this one Melissa R. Sandoli: so how long have you waited before brady? Stacey Y. Mano: darren.. where have you been?! no swing action eh?! Darren M. Harbaugh: i think i need to head up there tonight Brady K. Petersen: hours Brady K. Petersen: upon  Brady K. Petersen: hours Melissa R. Sandoli: its up on a hill by alpha parkinglot Melissa R. Sandoli: in the DARK Stacey Y. Mano: is that right brady k? Darren M. Harbaugh: ive never madeout on mcnally.  i need to cross that off my list be fore i graduate Brady K. Petersen: well it started out in the day (hoping girls would see me) but then it got dark, and no one saw me then Melissa R. Sandoli: well when are you graduating? Brady K. Petersen: talk to stacey about that one Darren M. Harbaugh: 2 weeks Darren M. Harbaugh: i need to hurry up Stacey Y. Mano: woah there.... brady will meet you  there darren Melissa R. Sandoli: sad... Brady K. Petersen: talk to shaun first Darren M. Harbaugh: its sad but happy Melissa R. Sandoli: ok i'll meet you there in 5 darren Stacey Y. Mano: lol Brady K. Petersen: was about to type that! Darren M. Harbaugh: ok, just a sec.  how do you get ther again? Melissa R. Sandoli: just follow your heart Darren M. Harbaugh: sweet Brady K. Petersen: go in emerson, and its room 122 Darren M. Harbaugh: i need some babe lovin tonight Melissa R. Sandoli: well thats stacey's area Stacey Y. Mano: roomie.. what are you talking about?! Darren M. Harbaugh: i grab my lysterine breath strips Brady K. Petersen: where isnt stacey's area? Stacey Y. Mano: thats your AREA! Darren M. Harbaugh: what area? Stacey Y. Mano: grab your water bottle lysterine roomie! Melissa R. Sandoli: the making out area Melissa R. Sandoli: oh i am ready to go Brady K. Petersen: i am kinda worried about stacey as a leader for ukraine Stacey Y. Mano: heY! Melissa R. Sandoli: why? Darren M. Harbaugh: if its out of your area, i can accommidate Melissa R. Sandoli: cuz you wanna make out with her and won't be able to handle it Melissa R. Sandoli: if whats out of whos area darrren? Brady K. Petersen: we all want to make out with stacey, but it might become a war between the guys of who can get her Melissa R. Sandoli: with 3 r's Darren M. Harbaugh: making out Stacey Y. Mano: alright, alright... i am going to put my foot down.. Stacey Y. Mano: NO MAKING OUT!!! Darren M. Harbaugh: maybe not for you Melissa R. Sandoli: what? Melissa R. Sandoli: making out is GREAT Brady K. Petersen: that isnt fair Melissa R. Sandoli: ncmos Brady K. Petersen: ftmo Darren M. Harbaugh: yeah, i need to do that Stacey Y. Mano: roomie, control yourself! Melissa R. Sandoli: what the heck is ftmo Brady K. Petersen: friends that make out Darren M. Harbaugh: ncmos are this great biola legend Brady K. Petersen: darren like you havent had one Stacey Y. Mano: im gonna say no to that one Melissa R. Sandoli: have you been involved in a lot of those darren? Darren M. Harbaugh: unfortunately i havent Melissa R. Sandoli: Brady, what is ftmo?? Darren M. Harbaugh: that's a bummer Brady K. Petersen: friends that make out Darren M. Harbaugh: friends that make out Melissa R. Sandoli: oh ok Melissa R. Sandoli: i didn't see it before Melissa R. Sandoli: haha Brady K. Petersen: yeah melissa, i already explained the ftmo! Melissa R. Sandoli: sorry sorry Brady K. Petersen: yeah, that was such a hassle to type out again Melissa R. Sandoli: cry a river Brady K. Petersen: stacey are you still there? Brady K. Petersen: i might, i am very emotional Darren M. Harbaugh: she's making out Melissa R. Sandoli: yeah she is some guy is at her window Darren M. Harbaugh: she is Brady K. Petersen: i could legitimately see that Stacey Y. Mano: yeah. i mean, i try to keep the screen on and all Darren M. Harbaugh: i thought she was a girl Melissa R. Sandoli: yeah she is, some guy is at her window Brady K. Petersen: she is a man-earter Brady K. Petersen: dang it Brady K. Petersen: man-eater Darren M. Harbaugh: brien downie, huh? Melissa R. Sandoli: earter huh Melissa R. Sandoli: hey thats my man! Melissa R. Sandoli: haha Brady K. Petersen: not only am i emotional, i am very sensitive to being corrected Darren M. Harbaugh: i've made an arrangement with him Darren M. Harbaugh: he said we could ncmo Darren M. Harbaugh: its all taken care of Melissa R. Sandoli: how did Brien get in this conversation? Brady K. Petersen: good question Darren M. Harbaugh: hes making out with stacey Brady K. Petersen: well naturally he wants Brady K. Petersen: to Stacey Y. Mano: hey roomie, looks like you have an arrangement worked out for you Melissa R. Sandoli: no hes not silly Darren M. Harbaugh: along with brady goss Darren M. Harbaugh: and dan bentson Brady K. Petersen: oh yeah the other brady Stacey Y. Mano: what?!!!!!!! how did those get in the picture?! Brady K. Petersen: dont get stacey started on bentson Darren M. Harbaugh: you have the hots for them Stacey Y. Mano: lol Melissa R. Sandoli: haha Melissa R. Sandoli: oh yeah Melissa R. Sandoli: she wants him Stacey Y. Mano: our floor has the hots for him Darren M. Harbaugh: you think they are babes Melissa R. Sandoli: darren i think you're a babe Brady K. Petersen: stacey mano "i wish dan bentson would be president forever"  i have heartd this literally like 20 times Darren M. Harbaugh: sweet Brady K. Petersen: i feel left out melissa, am i? Stacey Y. Mano: president forever!!!!!!!!!! Darren M. Harbaugh: wanna go get a slushie? Stacey Y. Mano: get over it brady Brady K. Petersen: dang it Stacey Y. Mano: mel, you like slushies! Darren M. Harbaugh: i wanna be president forever Melissa R. Sandoli: haha yeah i do Darren M. Harbaugh: not Darren M. Harbaugh: i know this great slushie place Melissa R. Sandoli: darren where are you going after you graduate? Melissa R. Sandoli: brady i still love you Darren M. Harbaugh: your house Melissa R. Sandoli: YES Darren M. Harbaugh: um, to whittier Brady K. Petersen: real quick, i am wrestling jesse gloyd on thursday, you guys better be there Darren M. Harbaugh: then to europe, then back to whittier Stacey Y. Mano: brady.. where are you? Stacey Y. Mano: oh wait... there you are Brady K. Petersen: in my room Melissa R. Sandoli: where at brady? Darren M. Harbaugh: i'm all about watch jesse die Brady K. Petersen: the wrestling room Melissa R. Sandoli: thats totally cool darren Darren M. Harbaugh: we are getting a sweet pad in whittier Stacey Y. Mano: sure.. i'll be there... Brady K. Petersen: you better be mano Melissa R. Sandoli: whos we? Darren M. Harbaugh: i almost have to go Darren M. Harbaugh: the library is kicking me out in 15 minutes Brady K. Petersen: that is harsh Darren M. Harbaugh: hey, anybody want to party all night? Darren M. Harbaugh: at denny's Brady K. Petersen: i just ate a breakfast burrito Darren M. Harbaugh: that's where the parties are nowadays Darren M. Harbaugh: del taco? Melissa R. Sandoli: haha Brady K. Petersen: nope, eagle's breast Melissa R. Sandoli: we're not as cool as you darren Darren M. Harbaugh: im pulling an all-nighter tonight Melissa R. Sandoli: you're crazy Brady K. Petersen: i know, that is really hardcore Darren M. Harbaugh: i know, but i gotta crank out this paper Melissa R. Sandoli: alright nice talking with you fabulous people, but i gotta go Brady K. Petersen: just turn it out Darren M. Harbaugh: im anticipating 5-7 cups of coffee Brady K. Petersen: well if melissa goes then i go Melissa R. Sandoli: byyeeeee Stacey Y. Mano: im about to be out also... Darren M. Harbaugh: late Brady K. Petersen: later Melissa R. Sandoli: you all just want to be like me! Melissa R. Sandoli has left the chat. Brady K. Petersen has left the chat. Stacey Y. Mano: late! Stacey Y. Mano has left the chat.