It's all over! I am officially a school leaver, and celebrated thie momentous event with an afternoon of heavy drinking. It was such a laugh; Sel, Bex and Debbs were talking to teachers, Laura was sat with the TT et al (imagine me making a face similar to the MSN emoticon with one eyebrow raised) and I spent the afternoon with Kat, Joolz, Bhav, Beth, Nat, Liz, Hayl and Coz. the turning point (where alcohol was concerned) was most definitely the woo-woo drinking competition (which we won!), but other highlights of the afternoon included saying "huzzah" an unimaginably high number of times, Liz's craving for filthy pirate rum, writing people's code names (Be Careful, Gutted, Holier-than-thou etc.) next to their pictures in the yearbook and me being inadvertantly mean to Mrs. No. 4's boyf when Coz gave me a lift home. Handy tip: make sure that all windows in the car are closed before proclaiming loudly that the person standing outside the car is "evil".  Before all this alcohol washed away a considerable amount of brain cells, the Leavers' Assembly was held in the hall. I won two awards: Most Amazing Transformation and Person Most Likely To Correct Your Grammar. Yay! As Ripu proclaimed to the entire year, yes, it is sad, but you know you love me for it. *grin* Some people, however, were less than gracious about my fabby award, claiming loudly to their form tutor that they "should have won that award". Well, you didn't; what are you gonna do with a star-shaped piece of card on a string anyway?   There were a couple of other unexpected events that afternoon as well- firstly, Danni Mynard asked me to sign her yearbook. Danni Mynard! Queen of the Barbies, winner of Dumbest Blonde and general Jess-disliker (or so I assume) since about October 1997. I signed it, obviously, because I'm not gonna get all mean and stubborn on the last day, but it was still very odd. Why? It's not like I mean anything to her. The other odd event on Friday was Sanita, who also started talking to me, but for entirely different reasons. She came up to the table and said "Hi Jess" and shook my hand. Noting my (very) confused (and drunken) response, she said "I heard you were pissed so I thought I'd come over and say hi". I replied "Er... thanks" and she went off, back to the confines of the AM. Sanita hasn't spoken to me in about 3 years, but somehow she finds it satisfying to come over and, well, not laugh, but very subtly mock me because I've had a few drinks. If that was one of my friends I wouldn't mind, but it pisses me off that she thinks she can come up to me and take the mick because I was enjoying myself. Grr.  At about 5pm Coz drove me home and my mum fed me gammon and eggs and made me drink tea. Two mugs. Large mugs. On the drive home I was laughing at all the kiddies in uniform and how they were still at school; yes, it was naughty, but also strangely satisfying. You should try it some time. I got changed and returned to town, only to be ID'd at Yates's and to sit in Imperial being bored. I went home at 9pm and fell asleep on the sofa watching Late Night With Jonathan Ross, and awoke the next morning (somehow) without a hangover. I am now at Dad's house (Em was supposed to come but hey, whaddya know, she had a "crisis" and had to stay at home), and I've just spent the afternoon at the races, in the sun, in my new strapless, stripy summer dress.   Revision starts tomorrow... honest!  Ceff x   Last summer, I did nothing, just sleeping, thinking and hanging around...