from: brett mills sent: monday, february 23, 2004 15:04 pm subject: my adventures part 5    Hi to all  I have attached a picture of my bike.  I bought it last week. It cost 6275 yen about $75.  Brand New.  I didnt speak any Japanese, the guy didnt speak any English, but we managed to communicate, he put it together for me and I rode off.  I am free.  I have my own set of wheels.  It is great.  I can now explore different areas.  I have even put Aussie stickers on it.  urlLink My bike   So anyway, not much else has happened.  Work is fine.  But I feel as though I am on a holiday.  I only work for 4 hours a day and 8 on Saturday, so it is great.  I just have to start getting out of bed at a resonable time.  I am too lazy curled up in bed with the heater on.  Its great.  I know, everyone has told me how hot it has been in OZ.  Well here the weather has been OK.  It is starting to warm up, but I still wear my scarf and jacket outside.  My flat mate moves in on Thursday, so that should be fun.  I am going to Nagoya to visit some friends on Wednesday and have a good look around.  Apart from that nothing else too exciting to report.  I do have one weird story to tell.  So in Japan, it is illegal to Gamble.  But there are heaps of Pacinco places (not sure of the spelling) They are like poker machines, but you somehow use ballbearings.  Its like a verticle pinball machine.  I havet been yet, but when I do I will let you know more info.  Anyway, there are also Slot machine places, again like poker machines, but you dont use money.  So last night I went to a slot machine place, put 1000 yen in a machine and I got all of these tokens. (about $12)  I put them in the machine and started to somehow win.  The people that work  there were helping me, by trying to speak English but I still couldnt understand them, so they pushed buttons and then I followed.  Then all of these tokens started coming out of the machine.  I was there for about half an hour and I had filled the bottom of the machine twice.  So then I was over it.  I took my tokens up to the counter.  they then gave me a piece of paper.  I moved to the cash register type thing (remembering there is no word communication happening here, they just point) the person at the cash  register gave me these crappy toy things.  I didnt really get to have a good look at them, because he then pointed me to the door.  I walked out the door and there on the left,  of course completely seperate from the main building, was this tiny shed type building with a small window, about 30cm x 10cm, with a curtain.  I opened the window placed my crappy toys on the bench and out from the curtain poked this "hand", Only a hand, it took my things and handed me 10000 yen, (around $130)  I walked away with a very big smile.  What a JOKE the whole NO GAMBLING thing is.  I think the way they  get around it is the "HAND" is basically buying the crap off me.  They probably then sell it back to the Slot machine place.  So basically, my bike was free and I have a little money left over.  Not bad for a half hours work.  (BUT IT WASNT GAMBLING, because, that is illegal).  Thats about all I have to say now.  I hope you enjoy my story.  Thank to all who have kept me informed with whats happening at home.  Keep the emails coming.  Hopefully I will get email at home soon.  Have fun.  and I will chat later.  BYE Brett