In 1994, my second year of teaching, I was writing an assignment for a graduate course; I said, "Psychoactive drugs, such as Prozac, are immoral; like attaching strings to a dead body and having it walk around.  They are merely a quick-fix to make the body behave without healing the soul.  It is dangerous to play with sorrow, desperation, remorse and rage.  Perhaps they are not symptoms of one person's sickness but an illness of society as a whole."  Very dramatic.  My opinion has evolved somewhat in the interim.  I've come to the conclusion that behavior is largely habit and routine.  Medication can be useful if it helps to break bad habits and  aids in establishing good habits.  On the other hand if there is no effort to change a habit then the meds are about useless.  In the classroom, it seems that established routines are more important for moderating behavior than anything else, even on days when kids forget, or run out of their meds.    Whether or not meds are useful, I still have concerns about their morality.  Specifically, their use as a substitute for good parenting. I don't blame parents for disability and I know that good parents can have troubled kids and I freely admit that MY students are getting what they need to function when they take their meds.  It is also true that these type of drugs are over-used without a clear idea of the health risks to compensate for poor decisions by parents.  For example, the American Academy of Pediatrics published a study linking TV viewing by infants to increased risk for ADHD.  Each hour a day of TV watched by children below the age of 2 results in roughly a 10% increase in the risk of ADHD.  DVD's and TV shows for infants are becoming easier to find and there is anecdotal evidence of infants having TV's in their room.    It seems to me that kids don't have enough boredom in their lives.  When I was a child I didn't have anything to do but read on a rainy day, and when the weather was nice I was outside playing.  I would like to be able to offer the same thing to my own son (9 months old), but I don't even know if it's possible anymore.  I suppose that I don't have any better ideas about dealing with sorrow, desperation, remorse and rage except to provide a slate of constructive antagonists.