The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. -Friedrich Nietzsche    I was particularly struck by a commentary made on Radio-Canada 97.7FM (CBC French Radio) this evening.  The commentator was quoting Carl Jung (I wish I know from which text) who purportedly said that the conundrum we face in education exists in large part because teachers who enter the profession – having been trained from within the same system they themselves were educated - know no better.  As Gödel might have said, “This is a strange loop of logic indeed.”  It is peculiar that some statements appear to be self-evident though we often overlook the profundity found within the words (hearkening back to the effects of the “transparency” of words – no less due to the facility with which we use them).  Can we ignore the fact that each of us has been educated in similar educative constructs? Regardless of where we were educated or under which ideology – we have faced, to varying degrees, similar academic dysfunctions, i.e., performance excellence and competition, grading, academic achievements, standardized tests and so on.  I cringe from the idea that we are trying to teach children from within the same dysfunctional system we were once taught – but it is not easy to ignore this notion once it has been “spoken.”  And, consciously or not, perhaps that is why we collectively continue to extol the value of “reflective practice.”  There seems to be few solutions to changing one’s perspective than by contemplation – other than to visit another universe (or crawl out of the cave).  McLuhan declared, “If you want to know about water, don’t ask the fish.”  Another fish reference – but in some ways it leads us to wonder how we may “examine” our existence if we do not leave “the cave” (as Plato so admonished us to do – this one for Gail, as have Simon de Beauvoir and Maxine Greene, both of whom expounded on the power of “imagination” to help us to achieve new vistas)   In other words, I think about the idea of “institutionalization.”  Whether that originates in a community, an organization, or a “nation state” – how do we venture away from the “collective unconsciousness” of which Jung spoke?  We talk about curriculum constraints, and diversity within literacies that are ignored in light of cherished “reading and writing” forms, as well as assessment and evaluation paradoxes (particularly in physical and arts education), and many more laments of education.  How do we combat that which we continue to uphold?  How do we make visible the invisible?  That is to say, render opaque what is transparent? I don’t mean to act as though I understand the aphorism, “The medium  is  the message” but in my mind if we only attempt to unravel the content (i.e., message) and ignore the context (i.e., medium or the “thing” that transmits the content), we unconsciously miss what was actually “transmitted!”   I think, in general, we focus intently on the message and neglect that the medium plays an intrinsic role in conveying that message. We have been extolled to “listen” to the meaning of the “words.”  I suspect that like Dorothy, however, until we uncover the Wizard behind the Talking Head we are bound to “cower” from the message.  We are, at that instance, unable to uncouple the meaning of the “text” from the “thing” (i.e., medium) that controls the “text.”  It is no wonder we will say with equanimity when faced with vile rumors, “You ought to consider the source!” But the moment that the wizardry is revealed perhaps is the moment we are empowered to uncouple the medium and the message – to examine what is communicated from all angles – and to be free to act upon what we  know .  Uncovering "the truth" (i.e., reality) for Dorothy allowed her to advocate for herself and others, forcing the Wizard to confer courage, brains and heart to her friends who possessed those qualities all along, and to find a way to return home.