From Tokyo, we were all shepherded through various local trains, which were litterally crammed with people. They hire these people called `pushers` to stuff people into the trains. Basically, when the little bell rings that the doors are about to close, these people come out, and stuff people in, so as many people can fit on the train as possible. Lisa was (litterally) swept off her feet, and was left dangling for a minute or so as she was pushed up, and then jammed between several people. The good news is that when the train starts/stops you don`t have to worry about falling over, because you`re already touching the person next to you, and you just kind of get pushed against them a little harder. Very funny stuff. Eventually we made it onto the Shinkansen (bullet train), which (besides being air conditioned and having assigned seats) was kind of disappointing because it was such a smooth ride. Going so fast, I was hoping to be mashed into the back of my seat, astronaut-style. When I finally got settled and looked out the window, were already going break-neck speed, and I hadn`t even noticed that we were moving.  Crazy thing about Japan (or at least the area we were travelling through) is that there seems to be no spread-out rural areas. As we left the city, there would be highrise, highrise, compact one-story dwellings, rice-paddy, rice-paddy, highrise. No space was `wasted`. It was either built upon with compact housing, or was used for agriculture. Crazy. After the Shinkansen, we had a brief layover, where I got changed into my suit (going through that ordeal in anything less than shorts and t-shirt would have been killer). So, after changing in a squatter-style bathroom stall, we boarded the last train, which took us to Tsu. Most of us got off there, and were greeted by our bosses.  My self-introduction was kind of awkard, as it was through a gate, and I think the guy was just trying to tell me how to get out. So, I repeated it again once I got out, and seemed not to mess it up too bad. I was met by Soga-san (my designated babysitter, whose English is better than anyone else`s), Joe (second year JET who, quite simply, rocks), Tom (an elementary school teacher who part-times it, seems cool, but I haven`t seen much of since the first few days), and Matsuoka-sensei (my boss; seems really nice, but there`s kind of a language-barrier thing going on).  They drove me back to Kameyama, and showed me a few sights (which I promptly forgot about, being thoroughly overwhelmed), then took me grocery shopping and plopped me at my apartment. I got familiar with my place, then they took me out for dinner and the questions about vegetarianism began to fly. Apparently vegetarianism is a foreign concept around here; I`m sure I`ll rant about this later, but basically, you have to be VERY specific when ordering food, as bacon and sausages aren`t considered `meat` (they`ve been processed after all), and anything in a sauce (including ground beef, small hunks of pork, etc) don`t count as meat (they`re only little bits, after all). Fish is also not considered meat, nor or are many sea creatures considered fish. Already I`ve eaten fish twice accidentally (that I know of). Basically, when you order food, you have to pull out a list and say `I would not like any of the following things in my meal: meat, which includes pork, ham, ...., any type of bird,... no fish or sea creature of any kind,... etc, also, please do not garnish my meal with fish flakes`. I`ve been eating a lot of noodles. Grocery shopping is not so bad, but sometimes they sneak some fish in there without telling you. Already I`ve found some really kick-ass desserts, though.  The highlights of Louis` apartment: -10% cockroach free. Apparently, cockroaches are EVERYWHERE in Japan, regardless of how clean you keep your place (one of the essential gifts Joe gave me upon my arrival, besides a sweat rag and a phone card, was bug spray). They also say that for every cockroach you see with your own eyes, there are 9 others that you don`t. I haven`t seen any in my place yet, so I figure it`s 10% cockroach free. -hot water heater that you have to turn on by pressing a button. This is actually kind of neat. It`s only turned on when you need it to be, so it saves energy. -washer/dryer -Japanese-style washroom. Huge shower area, and a funky tub. -Wetern-style toilet (in a different room from the washroom). -tatami mats (straw mats) in my living room and bed room. Neat stuff. -HUGE place. It`s bigger than my place in Hamilton was. I have a den, a living room, a kitchen/dining room AND a bedroom. Here, most people`s living rooms double as their bedrooms (they put their futons away during the day) -a bed -a balcony (albeit with limited room, though good for drying clothes) -a fridge which is 1/3 the size of the one back home, but about 4/3 the size of a `normal` one here  Things Louis has gotten since being here: -inkan (a stamp, which necessary for conducting business, and is equivalent to a signature) -bank account (what kind of funny bird are you?) -signed up for a post office account (all by myself!!!) -internet at home is in the works  Okay, this is getting long, so I`ll leave the office life, and highlights of Kameyama for another time.  Hope all of you are well.  Thanks to those who have posted comments so far. I don`t have a digital camera yet, though some people have promised to send me shots of events which I was present at. Once I get one (and figure out if I can/how to post pictures) I will.  sayonara for now