Dad, Mom, Ty and I went to see a Brewers game today.  As Padres fans, you could say that we went to a Padres game :-) Go Padres! I saw Miller Park for the first time.  What a piece of work!  I felt like I was in a movie just being there.  It was rainy, so the dome was closed.  However, it didn't seem to change much of the atmosphere.  Maybe I'll get a chance to go back before going to Japan.  I had hoped to find some sort of cheap souvenir to take to Japan seeing that the Japanese like baseball so much but I had no luck.  I will keep searching for Brewers memorabilia.  Ty helped me keep score during the game; Padres win, 5-2!    It's bound to happen every once in awhile.  This weekend I feel a little out of the loop with my friends.  Last night I received 2 calls from Chloe and one from Camila at 1 am.  I saw Chloe's first two calls in the middle of a deep slumber and chose to ignore them, seeing that I was already asleep.  But with the third call, I was beginning to worry so I picked up.  They wanted to inform me that they were playing pool.  It felt like I was sort of an afterthought.  I had asked to be called if something was going on, but what are the chances of wanting to go out at 1 am if I'm not already out?  I kinda thought that someone would let me know a bit sooner than that.  Then tonight after getting home from the game, Camila had told me that they were thinking about going to the Dells.  I was surprised that they wanted to go so far to go out but Camila had said that due to the holiday, a lot of people were expected to be vacationing in the area.  Being in dire need of some rest, my heavy eyes welcomed the nap.  Yet, I was only awakened by Andrea and Camila entering the room as they were preparing to leave.  It's just one of those things.  I felt a little left out.  Maybe partly it was my fault for not being more pro-active about going out or for my alarm not going off... but one likes feel a little more included.  Tony is out with Smith and the guys tonight because Smith just got in from Hawaii.  So I blog, and then blog some more...