exams are over!!! im great guys...exams are over so im really happy, plus on monday i dunt need to go to school...well, no...i have a choir practice...anyway i've also found a replacement for kazaa (although kazaalite will always, always rule!) which is yourmp3.net...its good but not as good as kazaalite man!  i wont be playing songs anymore, but my fav song for now is  jojo 's  leave (get out) ...yup! she's from  k-ci and jojo , who happen to be  fantasia barrino 's (remenber, out of  american idol 3 ?) cousins!! the lyrics:   I've been waiting all day for ya babe  So wont cha come and sit and talk to me  Tell me how we are gonna be together always  Hope you know when it's late at night  I Hold on to my pillow tight  And think of how you promised me forever  I never thought that any one  Could make me feel this way  Now that your here all I want  Is just a chance to say   Chorus:  Get Out, (Leave) Right Now,  It's the end of you and me  It's too late (now) and I can't wait  For you to be gone   Cuz I know about her (and)  I wonder how I bought all the lies  You said that you would treat me right  But you were just a waste of time   Tell why you're looking so confused  When im the one who didn't know that truth  How could you ever be so cold  To go behind my back and call my friend  Boy you must have gone and bumped your head  Because you left her number on your phone  (So now that through all that is said and done)  Maybe I'm the one to blame  (to think that you could be the one)  Well it didn't work out that way   Chorus  I wanted you right here with me but I have no choice you've got to leave  Because my heart is breakin'  With every word im sayin'  I gave up on everything I had  On something that just wouldnt last  But I refuse to cry  No tears will fall from these  Eyes--Get out  [Chorus X2]     hasnt the latest news been depressing?  nick berg  getting his head sawed off *cringes* and  latoya  being voted off? she was my favourite singer in  american idol ....that sux man...i wanted her to win....speaking of  american idol , i think that  singapore idol  will be a flop....with more william hungs....haha....what a funny thought...btw is it a bilingual competition? singaporeans will do better singing mandarin songs than english songs....take  zircon gov. pawn stars  for instance, total media whores! and  ger ...not too successful...ppl like  britney  and  beyonce  will prevail all the time... and yes...thanks for all the prayers... mingxia  is back to school and isaac is fine now...thank God too... im quite bored coz there's nothing to do...yawn btw my aunt linda is on her flight back to the states... jackson MS ...so wish her a good flight! if there are any of u out there who know koh zong jie, pls introduce him to me or vice versa, coz we've been chatting w/ each other for months w/out knowing each other at all! and its the mid year...kaozz...o yes, he's from 3.12 btw guys, if u wana catch me singing i'll be in the syf choral festival...prob in a mixed choir and i will be singing somewhere at the end of july! haha... next week its back to swimming so i better beef up and start practising while i have free time at home...u know im lighter than my mum?...she's shorter than me...and u see im 57 kg, she's 58 kg, and my younger bro titus is taller abd weighs 71 kg!sheesh! guys i gotta have my lunch soon...god blez all of u....yup! pizza lunch by my awesome mum...she might just set up a bakery soon...called BMY...a deliberate mispronunciation by isaac my bro (originally BMW)...the acronym for  'big mummy's yummies !' how does that sound?...haha oops i've been blabbering too much...i really must go...rsvp guyz...bye!