Well, I told my parents about the whole grade thing. Luckily I'm not grounded for the entire summer, but that just means that next year my summer will be filled with SUMMER SCHOOL! *le gasp!* anyway.... Let me think, anything interesting to say to you all today.... hm...     It's hard to think and watch the whole Air Bus A380 thing on tv at the same time o0...I think it's awsome how they're making an airplane that large, to holdthat many people comfortably. They have bar, there are stairs on the airplane to go to any of the, how many floors?...... It's SO COOL!     Well, ending that rant and getting back onto topic, need to think of something randome...hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....     Eh, nothing interesting has OH! wait... Yesterday I had to work at a daycare, I thought I was supposed to work there untill maybe 10:00 at night from 5:00 pm. But since my boss's daughter only had one resital and it isn't untill next week, I only had to stay till 6:30 pm... So anyways, There was a cup that I found to be stuck in the drain. My boss was freaking out about the cup going to break her garbage desposal and then she would fire everybody.o0;;..... so we had been trying to get that thing out for hours. Finaly I came up with the idea to turn the cup over. Turns out the girl had been trying to do that the entire time. So I reached in and turned the cup over and pulled it out, not as easily as I make it sound, but I did it in less then five minutes ^ ^.  Oh happy days. So anyway, there must be OH! I took a test that said that I have an IQ of 122 which is "above average". HAHA! Go me, how come my grades don't show it!?o0;;  OH OH! here are the results from some personality tests I took at Tickle.com. (you have to be a member to get any results so far as I know, and you have to be a paying member to get the entire results unless they are small results.... but I got what I could without paying *Peace sign*) So here's what I got...  Lizzie, your personality is shaped by your Reflective nature.    You think through things on a much deeper level than most — whether they're issues particularly relevant to your life, or issues you're contemplating on a more philosophical level. You probably tend to be a private person and love being able to concentrate for long periods of time on things that are of particular interest to you.   Lizzie, you're a Skydiver!    You're open minded, extroverted, free-spirited, and independent. Chances are you're pretty liberal. You're like a magnet for love and affection. People adore you. And, thanks to that healthy dose of self-confidence, you're super-flexible.   Chances are, you're a great leader at work. You're also a self-starter and will always volunteer to take on a job. You're also an excellent communicator and tend to spread your enthusiasm to others.  And that's just scratching the surface!   Lizzie, you are Balanced-brained    That means you are able to draw on the strengths of both the right and left hemispheres of your brain, depending upon a given situation.   When you need to explain a complicated process to someone, or plan a detailed vacation, the left hemisphere of your brain, which is responsible for your ability to solve problems logically, might kick in. But if you were critiquing an art opening or coming up with an original way to file papers, the right side of your brain, which is responsible for noticing subtle details in things, might take over.   While many people have clearly dominant left- or right-brained tendencies, you are able to draw on skills from both hemispheres of your brain. This rare combination makes you a very creative and flexible thinker.   The down side to being balanced-brained is that you may sometimes feel paralyzed by indecision when the two hemispheres of your brain are competing to solve a problem in their own unique ways.  Groove is in the Heart   Whether picking up white go-go boots at a second-hand store or rounding up the troops for dinner at the chicest sushi joint, you've got psychedelic diva written all over you. People like you make it cool to be groovy again, which is why "Groove is in the Heart" is your theme song. The bubblegum-meets-techno melody of your signature song gets you to jog that extra mile, or take on extra work with a jive-y cock of your head. Deee-Lite's dancehall fave never gets old playing in your head after each successful interview and promising date. Yes indeed, this is the soundtrack to those dee-lovely days and delicious nights when you've got an audience, and your phone number keeps coming up in conversation. But you'll only share your number with that special someone who can figure out "the depth of your hula groove," dig?     I'm going to go take a few more tests on some other sites as well, I'll post all of my outcomes and their URLS as I do them. KEEP A LOOK OUT! or else ^ ^;;