Last night, Sean and I decided to go see a movie at the local UA Cinema.  At first we said Spiderman 2, then thought it might be better to see at an IMAX theater, so we settled on Anchorman, for a night of light comedy.  We got to the theater and they said that Anchorman was sold out.  I looked around at the other 4 people in the whole theater, and said, "Are you sure?"  I mean, we weren't at a theater in Manhattan, which is where people usually go, so I've never heard of a single movie actually selling out, especially not on a Thursday night.  The man confirmed it, the people in line muttered about it, and we bought tickets for Spiderman 2 instead.   As soon as we got inside, I said to Sean, "Let's just go in to Anchorman anyways.  Nobody is going to notice."  We gave the ticket taker our tickets, and directed us towards Spiderman 2, the last theater on the right.  Just before that was the theater for Anchorman.   The first odd thing was that the doorway to Anchorman has a barracade in front of it, like the pull out strap things they use for lines at the airport.  So, we slipped underneath it.  We opened the door, went inside, and realized that something was already playing on the screen.  At first, I thought it was maybe the previews.  We walked out, discussed it, and then went back in.  The same thing was still playing... and it was NOT Anchorman!!!!   Since Spiderman didnt start for another 20 minutes, we went and played a couple of video games, trying to figure out what was going on.  One last time, on our way to the Spiderman theater, we slipped inside again, and still realized that Anchorman was not playing at all!!  The sign outside said Anchorman.... the time was right... but it was definetly not it.  And there were only about five or ten people in there.   So I have no idea what this theater was trying to pull, or what movie was showing, but it totally weirded me out.  There was some sort of conspiracy going on.  I told Sean I wanted to write to the company and complain, but he said a complaint with me sneaking into a theater may not go over well.  I'm still debating.  I want answers!!!