So, my weekend was basically spent recovering from my week.  Baby boy didn't sleep through the night on Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday so by Saturday I was so sleep deprived, I was verging on tears.  After two naps and getting nothing accomplished on Saturday (except making some passible enchiladas for dinner) I felt a little better and was able to actually sit down with my husband to watch  urlLink Trading Spaces . (It's one of our favorite show.  We love to watch the teams argue with the designers)  Sunday was spent being productive--grocery shopping, buying a new baby gate for the stairs (unfunny husband story to follow), cleaning the house.  It wasn't until we were on our way to my parents house for my (belated) birthday dinner that I even realized it was St. Patrick's Day.  In my other, younger, non-mom life this oversite would have been unthinkable.  C'mon, I'm half Irish and my name is Erin for God's sake (which was always good for a free beer in the old days).  Ahh, how times have changed...  Now for the...   Unfunny Husband Story   Saturday night, I'm making dinner while Bill, my husband, is upstairs doing who-knows-what in his study (paying bills is what he tells me but how many bills do we  have ?).  I digress.  The baby is pushing his cart at breakneck speed all over the downstairs until Bill comes down to get something and then goes back upstairs.  The baby, unbeknownst to me, decides to follow Dad upstairs.  I don't realize this until Bill says, "What are you doing up here?"  Well, I kind of freak out a little because the baby really shouldn't be climbing the stairs by himself and has never done this before.  I go and get the little tyke and am about to move one of the baby gates blocking the living room to the bottom of the stairs.  Bill, who is in the process of emptying the garbage cans, tells me no, no, no.  The baby wants to climb the stairs.  He's a boy.  He's tough!  Besides, says my husband, he is right there watching the little guy. OK, OK, I'll stop the overprotective mom bit but I remind my husband to stay right behind him so he can catch him if he falls.  Bill then basically tells me yeah, sure, whatever.  I go back to making dinner and I can hear Bill and the baby upstairs looking at pictures together.  Not two minutes later my husband frantically calls my name so I drop everything and run to the stairs, just in time to see the baby rolling down them.  Bill had reached down and was able to slow his progress by catching his shirt but couldn't hold on.  I scooped him up after only four or five stairs and he wasn't hurt but was really scared.  Showing remarkable restraint, I thought, I did not say "I told you so" to my husband.  He was a little freaked out and I thought that got my point across. However, later that night as we are brushing our teeth Bill starts giving me a bad time about stains in the sink and being lax on my job (of cleaning the bathroom).  I comment back that after he fell down on his baby watching resposibility in a big way that day, maybe he shouldn't talk.  He then has the nerve to say to me "I wasn't watching the baby, you were.  I was emptying the garbage cans."    I was speechless.  I explained to him that  he  had said he would watch the baby, that I was  downstairs  and he was  upstairs  with the baby.  He honestly did not seem to get it.  Now Bill is not dumb.  He probably has just shy of a genius IQ.  But nothing I said could convince him that he was in charge of the baby at that time.  Weird...