hello,  well i finally bought an umbrella just in time for a real downpour.  unfortuantely i left it in the room so it was of no help.  guess i'm still learning.  hell i know i'm still learning.  i had an interesting encounter with a crazy person this afternoon.  i didn't notice her, but some woman followed me home from the gym.  she was already in the hall of my apartment building before i saw her.  then she started talking to me in thai.  i noticed that she seemed a little off so i rushed to my room and got in just in time.  she tried to open my door which i had locked and latched VERY QUICKLY.  she didn't bang on the door or anything super scary but she moaned in the hallway for about thirty minutes.  finally she harassed someone coming down the hall and they informed the front desk about her presence. i'd tried calling the front desk, but they don't have very good english skills.  the guy thought i was trying to rent a room for  one of my friends.  anyway... i'm o.k. the front door guy apologized to me and said that whenever that happens to just tell him "crazy in hotel".  hope this doesn't make anyone worry too much about me.  really i'm in a safe area and i have a safe place to live.  i was just rushing home because of the rain and not paying attention to my surroundings.  so i don't want any emails about being careful.  o.k. love ya'll.  anyway onto my day.  well i substituted for the high school girls again today.  they hate me because i'll only let them speak in english.  even when the lesson is over i tell them they can do homework or talk freely as long as i don't hear any thai.  we actually read a story about oprah winfrey in their book before i let them have free time.  they were amazed that she was from the same area of the world that i'm from.  well i know for a fact that nilza, the woman i co-teach with, is leaving.  she's very unhappy in thailand.  also, she's from brazil so i think the fact that they have her teaching english is a little overwhelming for her.  anyway... hopefully i'll be given her schedule.  then i'll actually have something to do when i'm at school.  right now i just have to guess as to what the teacher i'm subbing for wants me to do.  while i've gotten used to it i would like a regular schedule where i can actually get to know some of the girls.  hope everyone is enjoying their summer.  love ya.  jane