On the way home from class I heard this song on World Cafe "Morning Glory" by the Subdudes.  It's really cool  "hey morning glory, please tell your story"  Very catchy, nice kinda bluesy, funk sound.  I get this great idea that I could play that song while we plant morning glory seeds as an experiment.  Or perhaps make predictions about which seed would be larger a morning glory seed or a weeping willow seed (the song later goes on to say save your tears for the weeping willow or something like that).  I could have pictures of morning glories, weeping willows.  Maybe even branching from a willow and flowers from the m.g.   So I just did a search to see where I could get some morning glory seeds (it is one of my very favorite flowers--the blue ones) and up pops this sight: http://www.erowid.org/plants/morning_glory/morning_glory_basics.shtml Who knew you could ingest the seeds and it's like LSD.  I coulda been fired before I even got hired!!!  No more science bullshit for me.  I'm doing Language Arts.  And for this mandatory science experiment we're doing water displacement and I'm reading Archimedes Takes a Bath whether the other two groups members like it or not.   Exciting news:  When I got home from class today there was a message from a woman with the Young Learners School requesting that I call to schedule an interview!!!  Yeah, my first response.  And it's a Preschool program.  It would be completely perfect for me except.... Damnit, isn't there just ALWAYS a f'ing exception.  All the locations are either downtown, on the eastside or south side.  DAMNN.  Poor people live on the north and west sides of town too.  I'm gonna go interview anyway of course.  I've heard about the program and it sounds awesome.  They place certified teachers in Head Start and regular child care centers.  Anyway... Trevor and I went on a study guide hunt Friday night while Em spent the night with Zoe and Marissa.  We decided to try Book Stop on Alabama since I hadn't been able to find it at any of the used book stores or even the B&N over here.  Can you believe BookStop is B&N too????  I'd no idea.  The guy said they had been for like the last 15 years.  Can that be for real???  Time keeps on slippin, slippin... So first we look ourselves in both study guides in the balcony and education on aisle 2.  Not there.  Then the guy looks in the computer.  Then we follow him to the education section and then the balcony.  Guess what???  Good answer.  Not there.  But the computer shows that they have three.  He's sure he's seen it.  He goes somewhere to find it.  No luck.  He escorts us to the exit where we can put our name on a list or something and I spy the book.  It's in a pile of books with yellow stickies attached.  Darest I steal from another????  Then when I finally hear the cute girl with the way cool glasses asking me if she can help me find something.  I ask if I can have that book and she says the girl who ordered it doesn't want it anymore.  YEah!  It was 'meant to BE' as Robert would say.  If you don't know who Robert is, then good, you don't watch as much television as I and your brain has not yet rotted to a shriveled pulp.   So I study while Trevor solves computer issues at home and work Saturday.  We spend a horribley long and awful time at Fry's Electronics where I thought I might have to chew off my leg if we didn't leave there one minute sooner.  Everyone knows how much I love babies and toddlers, but by the time we had to wait in that psycho line with two girls crying alternately in unison then in round, I honest to god thought I might have a hissy fit to rival one of Em's best.  We made it through with one nifty little portable seat/combo carry all thing for Forrest.   I'm gonna start putting my movie 'reviews' --hahahahaha-I'll think of a term for them as separate entries cuz this is gettin way too damn long.