talking to kurt this morning made me feel a little better.  he doesn't think that i want shea in an obsessive unhealthy manner.  although, who knows what he tells shea when i'm not around.  for all i know he agrees completely with shea when he's around him, and agrees with me when he's around me, since he tends to do that.  he does still think that i want shea to a certain extent, but not nearly to the extent shea believes.  it's understandable for him to think this.  part of me probably does still want him to a certain degree, but i don't think it's uncommon to have a "soft spot" for someone they used to date and be intimate with.  however, like he said himself, he's a heartless bastard.  he's not at all someone i would want to have a relationship with.  now i'm questioning if he is truly someone i should be friends with.  kurt brought up an interesting point.  he said part of the reason why he still thinks i have some feelings for shea is because i still want to be friends with him besides the fact that he used me and objectified me.  this is so true...the part about him objectifying and using me.  my initial defense is that i was doing the same to him...even if that doesn't make it right at all or any better...  i really don't have a good reason for still wanting to be friends with him.  it's interesting.  we had decided to just be friends after "dating" for a short period of time because he thought my friendship was more valuable and that he didn't want to lose it, because unlike me, he didn't think that dating would bring us closer in the end.  essentially, he was right about that part.  we are as far apart as we can possibly be and still be friends.  i don't think he considers my friendship to be even close to calibur it was before.  i don't think that losing my friendship would mean anything to him.  the problem is that it would mean something to me...and at this point i'm not sure why.  i don't take friendship lightly.  i have very few close friends and even fewer with whom i would share my feelings or thoughts.  it hurts me so much every time i lose someone that i've shared so much with...but maybe it's for the best.  i guess there's an advantage to losing their friendship...they can't hurt you with the secrets they know about you.  the question is now what to do.  so, i'll be evaluating what he really means to me over the next few months...and decide if he's really worth keeping as a friend or not.  like i said before though, if he doesn't make an effort to be my friend then i'm not going to make an effort to be his friend.  i don't believe in keeping one-sided friendships.  i have such a strong desire to just move out west and start a new life.  i know this sort of contradicts what i said earlier about not taking friendship lightly, but in a way, i just want to start with a new slate.  make new friends.  lose all of my past friends.  be who i want to be and not have anyone from my past around to change anyone's impression of me or hold me back from what i can become.  i want to change how i am seen in everyone else's eyes.  everybody here has already judged me and i can't do anything to change how they see me and who they think i am.  people change but oftentimes the changes are masked by what others already know.  i'm so sick of minnesota.  i'm sick of the people...i'm sick of the view...i'm sick of the snow.  "have i turned my back on minneapolis?  ok, alright.  ...something as wrong as this mentality...just makes this place a bigger tragedy.  don't look up, don't look down, don't keep me locked up in this town...the cold, sub-creative, stupid, manipulative atmosphere.  i don't belong in your sick comedy, try making sense, try making harmony.  please don't make me stick around.  maybe it's home for you, but what about me?  laid to rest, my soul remains, an hysterical disease.  try to stop me if you please.  will it hurt to make your first mistake?  will you tell me how it feels?  cause they're always right, never wrong in spite of the painful irony.  how can this be?  maybe i'll take my own advice and just leave."