I went to the dentist today. I got  eight fillings ! This is the first time I've had any dental work done other than a cleaning and checkup. I go my entire life with no cavities, and suddenly I have eight. The world is full of mystery.  So they started me off with some topical anesthetic that was cherry flavored. Man, it was good. I liked it a lot, and I joked to the dentist about spreading it on some toast. He joked back that it packs quite a chaser (referring to the Novocaine, aka  cocaine  in some circles).  Have you ever noticed that doctors and such have their own brand of abstruse lingo? I don't mean your usual shop talk. For instance, the dentist today looked at my chart and commented, "So, we're going all 'round the Maypole today, hmm?" I mumbled assent, having no idea what he was talking about. A few seconds later, I realized that he meant that I had fillings in all four quadrants, thus requiring a complete "circular" tour of my mouth. Thanks, dentist with your  weird verbiage . Last week my psychiatrist called me a virgin. Seconds afterward, he went on about how I had never been on any medications. Ohhhh.  That  kind of virgin. Well, why didn't you say so, doctor??  Now, my mouth is very numb and I am at home, trying to drink water. Want to hear something gross? I tried to eat a  miniature cream puff , but my tongue and lower lip are both out of commission. I kinda chewed the best I could, trying not to bite myself. Then I made the mistake of looking at my mouth in the mirror. Ew, little half-chewed bits of cream puff, all up in there! See, I can't feel anything, so I can't tell that I've got a dismantled pastry floating around in my mouth. I told you it was gross. I guess I'll drink some water to try to take care of that.  Oh well, the good news is that my teeth are fixed for now. It was even kind of fun. I'm numb for another few hours, so if you read this in time, you can call me and laugh at my handicapped voice. Someone might as well get some use out of those  eight shots  in the gums. Everyone else, have a great day with your normally-functioning mouths. Think of those less fortunate than you.