The world is so full of humanness.    I press up against my students, 33 of them crammed into a little room with brick block walls and big metal window frames letting in the spare light of courtyard, not really bright enough to liluminate the thin yellow chalk on the greenboard.    They're all taking quizzes and making guesses about "right answers" and i know, secretly thinking through the next hour, their day, their lives.  I try to engage them, to take on their lives and perspectives and burdens in order to make the words and ideas I have to give them deeper and richer and better, and I feel exhausted.    It feels like we can only bear so much of the loads of those around us.   President Johnson (prez of the college) today addressed the undergrads and told them that to hear God's purpose for their life, that they couldn't look to their own dreams and ambitions -- that they needed to surrender to God's ambition.    His source Rick Warren's _Purpose Driven Life_ -- I knew that the book was everywhere (when I saw a trucker at a greazy spoon in Nowhere, Indiana (on a road trip this summer with Erik) reading it over breakfast) despite my lifelong vows against Christian bookstores...but please tell me, somebody, that Rick isn't opposing our will (in any sort of natural or given way) to God's will?  Because shouldn't our dreams and goals spring in some way from the riches of God's common grace?  Shouldn't our longings be evidence / witness to the creative and sustaining powers of God.   And by the way, Daniel is an anti-calvinist.  And I can't figure out in retrospect whether he thinks that God doesn't call the elect, that the elect do not perservere, or that God just isn't neccessarily omniscient.  One of these I agree with.... Readers?   Yesterday Addison wouldn't go into the basement without me.  He was convinced.  CONVINCED that a Lion would be down there.  He played out the whole scenario for me over and over.  Go downstairs.  ROAR! me: DAD! come. Stick. Poke. DIE!  Most of his syllogisms end in bloody deaths.  The fastest one is no seatbelt.  He shakes his head, says "on?" and that's the only link needed -- "DIE!"  ahhh  my pacifist children.  (note: not pacifistIC.  IC on the end of words is increasingly my MOST hated misuse of the English language -- or at least of Suffixes.)  My brother  urlLink David  is writing some funny stuff about Pirates these days.    peace~