August 4th, 10:01am I'm standing impatiently in front of the EB World in the Regent Mall, my grubbly little hands wringing each other, the drool coursing down my chin to puddle around my tapping feet. The evil sales clerk eyeing his watch and finally deciding that he has tortured me enough opens the door...the world goes into slow motion...the clerk realizes he's on the floor with open faced sandle prints running up along his back and head...ok, back to reality, I casually strolled in...err...sorry reality, I not so casually speed wobbled into the store and passed the clerk my pre-order receipt and he passed me my copy of Doom III. The box vibrated powerfully in....damn it..ok, reality, I put it in my backpack and waited for my 12 hour work shift to end, of course it took an eternity. I'm pretty sure in my race to get home, I ran over a family of midgets, a crow, and possibly a motorcyler, but hell, who pays attention to little things like that when you have Doom III burning a hole in your backpack.  So after I get home and greeting my wonderfully talkative children who had the misfortune of wanting to give me hugs and kisses when I got home. Both standing arms outstretched clearly in the path between myself and my computer, the tragic accident will be reported in a seperate blog entitled, "Why my girls have sandleprints on their foreheads.". I thought I felt two little bumps in my race to my computer, but again, urgency nullified any type of attention to these matters.  I quickly installed the game, turned off all lights, set up my surround sound speakers, and adjusted my monitor screen. I then donned my extra padded Depends undergarments, hooked up my coffee IV straight into my jugular, order a series of "works" pizzas with instructions to slide them under the doorway and collect the money from the two girls lying on the floor with sandal marks on their foreheads and a terrified somewhat suprised look on their faces.  And the game began.....  *Tune in tommorrow for the continuing report of how Doom III made me fill my Depends Undergarments within the first 15 minutes of play.*  RLB  P.s. I reallllllllly need to get a life.