I need to write more.  quick story.  i was teaching first grade.  all the children were sitting on the carpet infront of the daily calendar.  two boys come back from the bathroom.  one says, "ewww!  someone pooped all over the floor in the bathroom!.  "EWW!!!!" says the whole classes.  the two boys sit down.  a girl says, "ewww!!! there's poop on the carpet."  "EWW!!!" everybody says as they all scurry over to look.  "Rogelio brought it in on his shoe!"  "EWWW!!!"  "IT"S POOP!!!"  I tell everyone, "get back to your seats!"  the children continue to hover over a spot on the carpet, i peel them away and sure enough, there's a marble-sized pellet of poo on the carpet.  a girl smelled near it as said "Ewww!  it IS poop!"  another girl tired to clean it up.  i just set a paper towel on the area.  they went to recess soon after and i was left alone, in the room, with...IT.  "well"  i thought, "i've got to get that out of here.  i got a bunch of paper towel and went in for the kill.  as i did, an overwhelming sense of utter contempt and disgust came over me and i cursed that piece of poop all they way from moscow to timbuktu.  it made me feel better.  it's an emotion i believe that few have had. i could be wrong but i believe it only comes when one personaly and unwillingly handles another human's excrement.  try it out.  broaden your horizen  I think I got a job.  I'm not sure.  Almost though.  High school english teach for LA unified.  It'd be awesome and challenging and a job.  Not having a job that pays me more than my age (in thousands) is kind of a bummer.  Aren't you supposed to make twice your agae.  I don't think I really care.  I just want my loans paid off.  Debt, man.  I'd be better to have a millstone tied around my neck and to be tossed into the heart of the sea.  and then I blasphemed.  but anyway, it's heavy.  I want to earse debt so that i can move to spain and live on the beach and don't have to make payments.  Payments are for the birds.  It's like jail.  You're in debt you're whole flipping life.  school.  car. house.  kids.  if i could break even here, at least for a few years, that would be incredible.  a few years of freedom.  Billy an I were talking and thought that we should write a book about the "middle years.'  single people in their 20's are a prettu marginalized segment of society.  for example, church have ministries/programs for children, middle school, high school, college, married couples, seniors.  Don't try to tell me that 'singles groups' count.  that's just creepy.  Singles groups?  is this a meat market?  what can't churches think of a something better than that?  Maybe we're not marginalized to advertisers though.  Even though we're poor, we've got a bit a disposabe income.  I'm bavk in my wandering mode, i think.  teaching is cool.  if i found something better, i'd do it though.   what's better?  writing for a travel magazine.  getting paid to sleep.  food taster.  astronaut.  I think this may be one of my most confusing, pile of mental diarhea posts ever.  i'm all over the place, kemosabes.  i've dated a little.  this relationship between me and a gal escalated.  she was cool, but i realized. i don't want to date any one.  seriously, at least.  i told her this.  she didn't really understand.  i don't really understand it.  but i said, " i like my free time.  i like hanging out with my friends.    right now i don't want to feel obligated to share my time with someone else.  I like reading abook when I want to and going to the pub when i want to.  i'm selfish with my time and i like it that way.  i could put time and effort into a realationship, but i don't feel like it.  if we went out, i'd be unreliable and unloving, because i'd eventually feel like i was in jail because i want to be free."  funny huh.  i don't get me.  she asked if i thought it work out between us.  i said, "no, probably not."  "why not," she said.  "i don't know.  i just don't gfeel up to it," I said.  I'm just so pessimistic toward realationships.  I just hear about negative things in relationships.  obviously.  good aspects of relationships aren't extolled in detail.  anyway, a few of my friends have got relationships, but in general, but relationships i hear about are not existant, shaky, depressing, or broken.  I've already got the effects of my parents breakon how i view a relationship to deal with in addition to that.  so it's all to say.  i just want to chill.  solo.  it'll take a hot dish to turn my head.  it can be done.  but now i'm happy with my status.  i had been waking up and first thing on my mind was to talk to God.  then this girl starting creeping into my mind.  i hated it.  it's something i can battle and all that, but i want as few distractions as posible.  i'm weak, but i want God at the top.  i can't handle women. they consume me.  not of my friend have jobs.  real ones anyway.  when do that start to happen? success.  what's that mean?  it could be fame.  but look at musicians, or actors or whoever that are popular and your like, "i could to better than that."  i found how people get there.  you don't have to be the best, you just have to be motivated.  motivation.  so determined, 100% that you're going to suceed at this "thing."  I don't have that thing.  there's nothing, job/carrer-wize that i want to pour my hear into.  or some cause.  i applied to the peace corp, but but that on the far back bummer.  i want to travel.  work.  have fun. and drink lattes, beer (preferably Czech brew), egg nog, and pereier (that french sparkling water in the grren bottle.  it's yummy).  i could pour my heart into showing love to others though.  so, i just started volunteering with the middle school group at church.  it's cool.  i'm excited.  the kids are crazy, fun wild.  and like me at that age...annoying  :)  i'm also part of a team that works on meeting the needs of single parent families, widows, and others in need in the church.  it's an exciting thing that i think will have a big impact on people that are hurting and needy.  i'll bet this has a lot of typos.  let me know if theres any funny ones  i'm not checking it.  it did that as a job once.  i'm over it.