Ok time for a little Christmas blogging.  First I'd like to say thank you to Mieka and Andrea for the Christmas cards I received last night.  They were unexpected but not unappreciated.  You guys made my night as those were pretty much my only Christmas presents.  Not having work is really awesome.  I had not work on Tues so this is my third day off and I'm loving it.  Yesterday I went downtown to eat with some Korean teachers but one of them woke up super ass late and I had to wait for her for about an hour.  Damn Koreans.  We were supposed to meet at 1 and she woke up at like 12:45.  Give me a break.  After that I came back took a nap hit the gym and then went to meet Asma at Bellagio.  Here I received a deck of Beck's playing cards that Connan was nice enough to give me.  They were wrapped and everything.  We had a drink there and then headed to the Commune.  Bellagio was fucking packed.  TC wasn't really happening when I first got there but that soon changed.  I've never seen a place in Daegu so full before.  Caleb had a miniature beer mug he was drinking out of that  I must have filled up a dozen times.  Fenton stuck me with a pitcher that I ended up holding for like 20 minutes while he went to the bathroom.  That shit started to get heavy after a while.  Brian didn't wear his Baylor hat.  I don't know what else happened.  I didn't stay too long.  TC really just isn't for me.  Alex and I ended up hanging out and hitting Bellagio back up.  Then after that we ended up eating sam gyup sal.  Man if there is one thing worse then making a mistake, it is making the same mistake over and over again.  I'm going to take a minute to explain my sam gyup sal experiences of late.  So I ate it last night, the night before with oh-ni, who took me out to dinner, and I ate it last week for fountain's b-day.  I need to lay off of it or it will kill me, but damn it's good.  Ok back to Saturday.  That is really about it.  I wish I'd hit up GRAY or somewhere.  Someone was saying pinnacle's had all you could drink, but by that time I'd had enough to drink.   Today was tame but good.  My parents called and woke me up.  I cleaned my room and washed some clothes.  Always a good gift to give yourself, a clean room and some clean clothes.  I then got my act together and went downtown to buy some Christmas presents.  I was going to go clothes shopping but that never materialized.  Instead I did get some new glasses and contacts.  I love how cheap corrective eyewear is here.  I met Alex and had coffee and then we met Becky and Mieka and had some Bennigan's.  I got the burger.  Yeah it is totally typical foreigner but hey it is really great and just hit the spot.  We then hung out at Seattle's and Asma and Gumi James joined.  This was a nice uneventful Christmas.   I plan on getting some good sleep tonight.  Tomorrow should be guys night out again.  We'll see, I hope it materializes.  I'm good to go that's for sure.   The Christmas song I miss most is "Christmas in Dixie" by Alabama.  Yeah I'm from Georgia and I don't expect anyone to know about that song except maybe Becky and Asma.  There were tons of people downtown today.  I love being tall in Korea, you can just look out over the ocean of short Asians as you walk through downtown.  Go Georgia Tech basketball.  Undefeated and ranked number 4.  Looks like they'll at least make the tournament this year.  I know it's early but they are well overdue.  I've found the best way to improve your reading and writing in Korean is to give Korean girls you cell phone number.  They will text message your fingers off. Ok Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.