I have seen almost all our local stars here in the Philippines.  Sometimes I love to look at them, sometimes I couldn’t care less.   I have always thought of our stars as ordinary people with extraordinary jobs.  While I am a movie fan and I love to hear stories and controversies about our stars, I’ve never really been the “shriekin’ fan”  (except, of course, if we’re talking about Hideaki Takizawa, Denzel Washington, Ken Zhu (of F4), Orlando Bloom, Bernard Palanca, Prince William of Wales, and my ultimate crush and “idol” Maksim Mrvica).  Okay, I AM a “shriekin’ fan”!  While I’m at my “fan-y” self, I’d like to write more about it.  So, today, I will list down the names of the celebrities who, so far, have had my eye almost go out of their sockets and my mouth drop to the floor (or simply had me starstruck).  These are, of course, some of the (few) celebrities I totally love!  Well, duh…   Oscar Orbos  --  I have always, always loved Oscar Orbos.  I remember reading about his being the  Political Wonder Boy  during Aquino’s time.  I was so young then that what stuck in my mind was the idea that he was the  Wonder Boy  of the Philippines, you know, like  Wonder Woman .  I never forgot that name.  Then, one night, I chanced upon GMA 7’s  Debate .  To my delight, the  Wonder Boy  was there.  Not only was he a guest, he was the host.  After that, I religiously followed  Debate  every Thursday night.  I would always look forward to Pareng Oca’s last statement about the issues.  I would always love and agree with his ideas.  I felt like he was verbalizing my exact take on issues.  His way with words always amazed me (still does).  One day, I was walking, with an aunt, along J. Bocobo St. in Ermita when my aunt suddenly said, “Ah, Orbos is here.  That is his car.”  I couldn’t believe my ears!  Oh my God, finally I was to see MY  Wonder Boy !  I half-dragged my aunt inside Hizon’s (where Orbos was drinking coffee) and begged her that we order something and sit there for a while.  I immediately went to the table next to his and sat where I was sure to have my back to him (stupid decision!).  I couldn’t see him so I kept asking my aunt what the guy was doing.  After a while, we decided it was time to go.  When I stood up, I stole a glance at his direction just in time as he looked up from his newspaper.  I caught his eye.  He smiled and gave me a little nod.  I smiled back, shyly.  Needless to say, I wanted to faint right then and there!:)     Jim Paredes  --  I have loved the APO Hiking Society since God knows when!  They’re like the ultimate OPM artists for me.  I love every single one of their songs.  I have watched them every Sunday on ABS-CBN 2’s  Sa Linggo nAPO Sila .  I have watched them every single day when  Sa Linggo…  became  ‘Sang Linggo nAPO Sila .  The trio never failed to complete my days.  They still do when I see or hear them (which happens once in a blue moon nowadays).  There was this one time, I and my dorm-mates had the craving for Starbucks coffee so we decided to go to Katipunan.  It was the night the Ateneo Blue Eagles won the UAAP Championship over the La Salle Green Archers (I forgot the year, 2002 or 2003).  The whole Ateneo was celebrating then.  Starbucks was just crowded full.  Everywhere we looked, people were wearing Ateneo shirts.  As we were seated, a guy walked past our table.  One of my dorm-mates whispered, “Si Jim Paredes…”  When I heard that, I couldn’t dare look at the direction my dorm-mate was pointing to.  God, Jim Paredes was walking around the coffee shop and I couldn’t even look at him!  Great!  Then, I couldn’t take it anymore, I summoned all my courage and looked at their table.  He was with his family (I didn’t know Ala then).  For thirty seconds, I couldn’t stop looking at him.  I don’t know if I imagined it or what, but I remember our eyes met.  For about three seconds, we stared at each other.  He didn’t smile, I didn’t smile.  And, inside I was kicking myself for not mouthing “I love APO!” or even a little “Hi”.  Then, I couldn’t look at him anymore lest I might go over their table and do or say something really stupid.:)      Robert Sena  --  I loved Robert Sena as  Thuy  in  Miss Saigon .  “You’re here. It’s true… it is as I was told.  This man, and you! For how much were you sold?!”  God, he was just great!  That was one of my favorite scenes in the play.  Robert Sena gave me the creeps.  It was like he was so angry he could actually start shooting at all of us!  His acting and voice were just marvelous!  No wonder he’s said to be the best  Thuy  ever!   On Sunday afternoons, I usually go roller-blading in the UP Oval (around the Sunken Garden).  One of these afternoons, I was already getting up a sweat when I saw this huge dog.  I love pets so much.  So, I decided to stop skating and just watch the dog for a while.  He was really adorable.  After a few minutes, I decided I had enough watching the giant run here and there.  So, I started to go and that was the only time the owner caught my attention.  I thought he looked very familiar, but I couldn’t place where I saw him.  Was he an old neighbor, a friend of a friend?  I have already gained speed when it dawned on me who it was.  I turned so abruptly I almost fell on my elbows.  I went over the side of a tree so he wouldn’t really see me totally gawking at him.  After sometime, I went on to go back to the dorm.  All I could think of was how stupid I was, watching that dog for more than five minutes and not noticing that the owner was actually  Thuy  himself, Robert Sena!  Tsk, tsk, tsk…   Jestoni Alarcon  --  Now, this guy I don’t really like.  I mean, he’s just the usual actor to me.  I’ve seen him in one or two movies, but he never really left an impact on me.  He’s just plain Jestoni…  One time, a friend and I were walking around SM Megamall when I remembered I needed to buy one of those rubber things you wrap around the handle of a badminton racket.  We went to the part of the mall where there were some sports stores.  When we got there, we saw that there were a crowd of people watching an event there.  We didn’t know there was an All-Star Badminton Tourney.  We decided to take a peek at what all these people were watching. There were just sooo many stars and celebrities there.  We instantly decided to get out of there for fear of being crushed to death or being suffocated.  I didn’t even get to buy what I needed.  Just as we were leaving, I saw the best-looking guy I have ever seen (in person, that is) in my whole life!  Sweat covered his whole body, but he was handsome as handsome could be. It was Jestoni Alarcon. I was left agape for one or two minutes.  I wanted to throw myself at him so badly that I knew I had to drag myself out of there.:)     Ala Paredes  --  I adooore this girl!  Need I say more?!:)   Hmm, come to think of it… I’ve had my share of starstruck moments I, now, realize.  Funny, I never really knew or realized how “fan-y” I could actually be around these stars.  And, really, it’s fun to be a fan!:)  There are times in life when we feel and do things that we don’t expect ourselves capable of feeling and doing.  We sometimes do things that we have never even dreamt of doing.  But, at the end of it all, these are the things that make life such a colorful ocean!:)