THis week finds me in despair.  I have fallen off the bandwagon this week.  Everything seems to be getting on top of me.  With great difficulty I managed to create the Look and Feel Website but feel very dissatisfied with the result.  Spent hours trying to find a poll that worked / connected and eventually gave up.  I was very impressed with the work that some of the students came up with, especially Ina and Helga.  I'm glad Helga won, as she obviously took a great deal of time and effort to make her design truly representative and metaphorical.  I'm sure all her links will work, too!  My next challenge is to create this webpage about Brazil.  As Brazil won the world cup last year I feel a great pressure to do something good!  Unfortunately I have never used HTML before and don't even know where to begin.  I've looked at all the websites recommended on the Sources page, but half of them couldn't download, and I found some of them too vague.  Boogie Jack seems about the best and I followed a basic tutorial in HTML.  This is a foreign language to me.    I have never been good at "self-learning".  I need to be shown / taught hw a thing works and then I can be creative with ideas based on what I've seen.  The old myth that "once you've discovered for yourself how it works you'll never forget it" does NOT work for me.  I find things by serendipity and then forget how I got there.   This course is really a lot more difficult than the othes.  I thought I would do well because all my courses so far have been basically long-distance learning and self-study.  My frustrations are that I want to know how these things work and then go and apply them.  I want to teach them to my pupils next year. I need to develop self-confidence in this area.  I really sympathised with Hambrock (Can't remember names) who was in despair over Hagar et al.  Thank goodness for Ants who continually posts useful information. I always look at his postings because there's boud to be something I could use.  So WebCT vs Hagar. Not one of them works for me!! WebCT was a disaster.  I'll know more about Hagar after this weekend, I hope, but it doesn't look promising so far. I've managed to get into my webspace but haven't even created anything to put there yet!  More later.