Yesterday had a class outing.. Went to Marina area to eat (what is it called?) i think it's similar to table bbq.. Mix of steamboat and bbq.. Haha.. Ok enjoyed ourselves though there were only 10 of us. Henry represented the seniors lolz.. But am kinda guilty that we didn't talk much to him, hope he doesn't feel left out.. Haha we crapped so much and i was so accident-prone.. Lao Da always kena my accidents, chilli crab, prawn.. Better stop saying else he'll hoot me..Haha.. The guys willingly downed raw eggs with beer for the photos.. Suddenly talked about eating too much eggs will make you horny.. It's my fault, it was me who said that.. Correction guys, it's actually eating too many protein-riched food that will make you horny.. Eggs are full of protein hehe.. Lolz..  They wanted to stay out longer but i didn't think it was a wise idea cos of the following reasons:-   It's late  Weekday night, trains don't function till late  Not much happening on tues   It's the seventh month   Some of them were so horrible.. Walked in front and started screaming..Scared the wits out of me.. Then realised it was a joke..But i rather be safe than sorry..pls ppl, don't play this kind of jokes anymore..It's really freaky..  On the way home, talked to X.. X, i hope that you understand that this 'dear' thing is for fun k.. I don't wish for it to escalate to a real thing.. Twice is enough and i've learnt my lesson.. Me calling you dear is just an affectionate form of calling you friend k.. I have to make it clear from the start..  As for him, he told me that he had been suffering from frequent headaches.. Say maybe not enough sleep cos of messaging me.. How should i react? THough i'm worried of your frequent headaches, are you also trying to say that i'm disturbing you? *Chrissy*, how should i act? Angry? Apologetic?  One addition..Moi miss Y and TCW very much.. Y, you're welcome to stay at Moi's place k..haha.. As for TCW, I'll try to meet up with you after my tests..   Thanks *organisers* for making it a success...Looking forward to the next outing..