Marriage is considered to be exclusively “the legal union of a man and woman as husband and wife”.  Could this idea possibly be just as outdated as “separate but equal”?  In the liberalizing times now at hand, many Americans believe that gays and lesbians have just as much right to be recognized legally with their chosen partners, whatever sex that may be.  Clinton’s Defense of Marriage Act is outdated and discriminatory.  In the “DOMA”, marriage was defined as “only a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife, and the word ‘spouse’ refers only to a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife.”  The opposition to those striving for equality often comment that marriage is a “sacred institution,” but who wants to live in an institution?  Another “sacred institution” in the past was that of motherhood, and a woman’s only place being in front of the stove and pregnant. 	  Another reason claimed against gay and lesbians is the fact that homosexuality is unnatural, and by allowing it we will somehow destroy society.  Unnatural?  The closest animal relative, the Bonobo Chimpanzee, has been observed 100% of the time in captivity and the wild to be bi-sexual and have sexual encounters with both sexes, if not completely homosexual.  There are no exclusively heterosexual Bonobo Chimpanzee’s known to man.  Every sexual behavior engaged in by human homosexuals, except fetishes, has been observed in homosexual animals, including the fabrication and use of sexual appliances.  One of the smartest creatures man adores, the bottlenose dolphin, is more likely to form a homosexual life-bond than a heterosexual life-bond, including sex and affection, both male and female.  Since the birds do it, and the bees do it, how is it unnatural for man to do it? 	  Currently in America, Vermont is the only state that fully recognizes same-sex marriage, including benefits of federal protections afforded married couples including: Social Security, Medicare, disability, family leave, and health care.  While the country is still split at about 53% against and 44% in favor of gay marriage, the director of the gay rights organization Human Rights Campaign Elizabeth Birch reminds, “If not for courts, African-Americans would not have had the right to vote, women would not have the right to vote.  The purpose of a constitution is to protect the minority group from the wrath of the majority.”   	  Solutions are slim, but homosexual couples can currently get what is known as a “Domestic Partnership”.  A slight problem arises with this alternative route though; “separate but equal” comes into play again.  No way can separate but equal honestly entertain the hope of equivalence.  In a Domestic Partnership, couples are denied such rights as over 1,049 federal protections, benefits, and responsibilities available only to married couples, and the Full Faith and Credit act does not apply to a Domestic Partnership. 	  Sitting President George Bush called for a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage early February of 2004.  He claims that, “The preservation of marriage rises to this (constitutional) level of national importance.  The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honoring- honored and encouraged in all cultures and by every religious faith.  Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.”  Funny that America’s divorce rate is 50% and over 1million teens are pregnant each year with how contusive marriage is to society, but only if it is between a man and a woman.  How is it possible that the love between two same-sex partners could possibly send society any further down the spiral of decency it has already descended? 	  Equality is the American dream.  “All men are created equal,” unless you happen to fall in love with someone of the same sex, is just as wrong as “all men are created equal” except men of a different skin color.  It began most notably with the fight for Civil Rights, then the fight for the Vote, now the fight for equality of gays and lesbians.  This slow, but much needed, liberalization of the minds of America is much overdue.  ALL must be equal, or America will forever be a lie.  How amazing it will be once Utopia is reached! Until there is true equality, same sex couples find joy in each other without the court-approved paper stating them as legally bonded.  “And that kindness and good-nature,” as Sir Thomas More states in Utopia, “unite men more effectually and with greater strength than any agreements whatsoever, since thereby the engagements of men’s hearts become stronger than the bond and obligation of words.”