Well, the BBQ was a success (and my dad was completely surprised to find out that it was a retirement party in his honor), though of course we are exhausted. I didn't sit down for more than 10 minutes most of the day, nor did I get too much time to chat and catch up with any of the 45 or so family that were here, but I think everyone knows that I'm not pg yet and we're still trying.  Funny how that manages to make its way into every conversation, even when I'm NOT obsessing (really, I'm not!) -- sometimes I wonder if I make people uncomfortable with the things I say, but then I kinda think "fuck it" -- I AM going to talk about the miscarriages and I AM going to talk about how much I want a baby. I don't think I talk about it too much...at least most of the time. Most people know the situation and most tend to ask in some kind of way.  I also was able to squeeze in a little bit of bonding time with my little 3-month-old nephew. He is just so damned cute. He really is. I love holding him, I love changing his little diapers, I love feeding him, and I love that the ceiling fan or my fingers twirling makes him light up and coo. He is just so damned cute. Have I mentioned how much I want a baby of my own?! Some day...I am really tring to be patient and have faith that it will happen for us.  I'm very bummed that it is now officially Sunday afternoon and the weekend is almost at an end. I don't know where weekends go. My best friend is also visiting this weekend, and I had the best time with her and DH last night, when I drank far too much wine but had so much fun being silly-ass drunk and up 'till 3am with two of my favortie people in the world.  I am so grateful for the many wonderful people in my life. How did I get so lucky? I am very fortunate, and sometimes I need a little reminder. Family and friends gathered around me tends to help me remember that I am very fortunate, and I am loved.  Okay, enough of the mushiness. (God I am becoming more and more of a sap every day...I'm not quite sure when that happened.) I need some more coffee...