Another great LIKE teacher's meeting has come and gone.  I was tricked into getting up and telling a stupid story about my youth involving memorable moments from Halloween.  I really don't like these meetings.  I put it down on my time sheet as two hours.  I did get to go to lunch afterward with the Korean teachers I used to work with at Daemyoung.  That was a lot of fun and really made my day.  They are a funny group.  We had hit up Pizza Hut of all places.  That seems to be the tradition when I dine with them.  I'm bordered on terrified about performing all these Halloween based activities for LIKE.  The Su-sung group took my idea about showing the kids movies.  I was even going to mention the Thriller video but I was beaten to the punch.  I think I'll show some non-Halloween movies that have good Halloween scenes in them.  Primo examples include E.T. and The Karate Kid.  The kids will love seeing Daniel San dress up as a shower, piss off the bullies, get his ass kicked, but only to have Mr. Miyagi come save the day.  Actually I don't think my school will do anything.  They tried to do something like this 2 years ago and it totally flopped.  I'd be happy with lessons as usual.  Guess well have to wait and see how it goes.  I should receive my cell back tomorrow so I am pretty happy about that.  I don't have a whole lot of people to call but I'm hoping that will change.  Yesterday Steve and I went up to the GS Plaza Hotel and had a few beers.  That was good bonding time with the roomy.  He seems like a really swell guy.  My room needs curtains.  Too bad the walls are made out of something that resembles cement so I'll have a hell of a time putting some nails in.  The reason it needs these curtains is b/c it gets bright really early.  I'm not a fan of that by a long shot.   I can't wait to go out this weekend.  I plan on drinking and having a good time.  But I think that is what I always plan for so I hope it will materialize.  In other news it is really awesome the subways is fixed.  Well it is almost all fixed, only one station isn't working but hey, I can live with it.