Changes   I've made a couple of changes on this blog.  Most obviously, my picture with Nietzsche no longer adorns  this page.  It was fun at first, but it got to be creepy.  Second, Shane and Kvale have lost their segregated status as philosophy blogs.  There are two reasons.  One, they are not philosophy blogs.  Two, somebody called me an existentialist on Friday.  I've thought of myself as an existentialist, but I never expressed that thought out loud.  Suddenly, somebody else had defined me as an existentialist, and I hated being defined by another.  I'll define myself, internally, so I can change it when I want to.  (If you don't understand the connection, think about it.)    Finally, the most important change is the name of the blog.  It is now "Observations and Interpretations."  Contemplating will still be a regular feature on this blog, but interpretation is far more interesting.  The previous post, for example, was not an example of my actual state of mind or the "true" events that were going on in my life---it was a certain interpretation; not false, but with other possible interpretations that are just as true that were not expressed.    When an event occurs in one's life, the individual often has the ability to give it a wide variety of different meanings, and respond to it in different ways.  The account of the event, as given by the individual, can help that individual gain some understanding of the event, as well as providing some meaning, or lesson, and some base as to how one will act and feel after the event.    Observing and interpreting are two of the most important and relevant tasks of the philosopher.  The philosopher is not capable of uncovering, or even attempting to uncover, some great, hidden mystery as to the ultimate meaning of the universe; that is an old wife's tale.  The philosopher tries to elucidate what should be obvious; the object is not to "know," but to see clearly; to gain a better understanding.  In our human way of experiencing the perceived world, this means observations and interpretations, not mystical encounters with the Truth.    (I believe that most philosophers will reject my account of the role of philosophers. That's OK.  We're all fools anyways.)      And by the way, I thought it would be important to tell you all that I got to hold a real human brain on Saturday. It was cool.   And also, it is even more important to tell you that this last weekend was a pivotal point in my life.  I may say more about it later, but basically, I gave the speech about strife again.  Except this time, it was far more passionate, both in its subject and its delivery.  My mind was whirling all day with the strife of passions.  I shook in my sleep that night with love and hate.  I was more powerful internally than ever before.  The experience was immense, and even frightening.  But as I sit here, I sense nothing more than an aftertaste.