If Iowa's primary was as decisive as the pundits said -- making Kerry seem "electable" early on and assuring him his subsequent ascendancy -- we owe the State's voters a deep expression of gratitude this morning. John Kerry's speech last night put to rest any doubt that he is the best major-party candidate for the presidency of the United States. And what a tremendous speech it was! Somehow, Kerry managed to take the high road while neither appearing simplistic and abstract -- that was Edwards's error the night before -- nor failing to make a mockery of the Rove-wing propaganda machine and the failures of the Bush Administration generally. By implicit comparison more than by explicit critique, Kerry's gutsy and eloquent performance exposed the incompetent, mean-spirited and puny nature of the sanctimonious and hypocritical man named Bush, who is incapable of inspiring anything in his auditors but fantastical fear. Even Nader, with whom I agree on virtually every issue, appears, next to Kerry, to be a mere hairshirt. No wonder that when Nader emerged from his discussion with Kerry he called him "presidential." His saying later that Kerry doesn't speak his own mind seems unfair. There were several remarkably strong statements in Kerry's speech. One of the most stunning was his criticizing the Bush Administration for its seedy relationship with the Saudi royal family. Yes, even Unger and Moore made it into this speech! This took real chutzpah; it was certainly more than a convention-cautious or poll-friendly tactic. Others included Kerry's unequivocal call for universal health care and his mocking the Vice President for his secretive environmental policy meetings. That was the genius of Kerry's speech: to present progressive values as American values and not as an ideological alternative to political opposition.  Kerry remains imperfect, of course; I have often criticized him and other Democrats on this blog and elsewhere, and there will certainly be a time for renewing some of these criticisms, but now is a time for celebrating the arrival of a true leader in our midst. I feel confident that this speech marks a downturn in the Bush campaign that will lead to Bush's certain defeat. Bush can always ponder a future acting career in self-parodying comedies or make his vacation in Crawford permanent. As for Nader, there will be a time for donning hairshirts and we can even envision that one day such shirts be made out of industrial hemp, but this is Kerry's election and Americans can do nothing to shame themselves and their heritage more than to elect Bush and Cheney in November.   p.s. As reported on National Public Radio this morning, the Bush Administration, up to its petty-minded media machinations again, has orchestrated the delayed release of last weekend's  urlLink capture of a terrorist suspect in Pakistan  so that it would coincide with news of Kerry's Convention speech this morning. This was not the big fish many had foreseen for this week, but it was apparently the best the Bush Administration could do. It seems that the Bush Administration has not learned the lesson of the former right-wing government in Spain, which is that voters can see through such cheap attempts at manipulating political events for the sake of political points.