This a bit obscure for many of you I'm sure, but I have lots of friends in Germany for whom this is big news.   A few years ago, the Social Democratic government put into place some educational reforms. They created "junior professorships" which would be open to academics who had not completed the "habilitation."  The "habilitation" is essentially a second dissertation that was traditionally a requirement for a professorship. So you wrote your dissertation to get your doctorate, which would qualify you for a position as an assistant professor. It was not uncommon to become an assistant professor at the institution where you completed your dissertation.  Then you would write your habilitation while you were an assistant professor in order to be qualified for a full professorship. The Germans did not have the tenure-track system, so it was unlikely that you would become a full professor where you were an assistant.   The big disadvantage to the habilitation is that it keeps young academics in a subservient position until they are middle aged. Not only do you have to write your habilitation, you have to get it approved. So here you are, in your late 30s or early 40s, kowtowing to some senior professor.  However, the habilitation system is not as different from America as many German scholars imagined. In fact, if you are at a quality university in the United States, you will have to produce a significant body of research after the dissertation in order to get tenure and become a full professor.   So we have a de facto habilitation, but without the humilating accoutrements of advisors and committees that can decide not to accept a habilitation. However, even in this respect, the differences are not so huge--the tenure committee could decide that it didn't think that a second book was very good or of a sufficient academic quality, even if it had been published.  The bottom line is that the habilitation was not the reason for Germany's problems in higher education. The article notes that the habilitation meant that few people became full professors until their early 40s--but that's the same in the US as well. Lots of people don't finish their dissertations until they are in their mid 30s, and then it takes ten years to get promoted to full professor.   I am in favor of getting rid of the habilitation, but this court decision is not the end of the world for German education.   urlLink The Chronicle: Daily news: 07/30/2004 -- 06