I'm not sure who decided that everyone in America is on the Atkins diet, but someone must have. It seems like every other commercial these days is for some low-carb option of an old favorite. Subway has low-carb salads and wraps, as does Arby's. The Arby's commercial prominently featuring the "oven mitt" reading  The Truth about Carbs.  Slimfast has low-carb shakes. Donatoes, a popular pizza chain in Ohio has no crust pizza for carb watchers. Yesterday, while grocery shopping I noticed "Carb-wise" salad dressing, low carb yogurt, and "Carb Counting" bread. And now, Coke is marketing C2, low carb soda.  The whole low-carb craze really annoys me. First, I don't think this new onslaught of low-carb products and marketing reflects manufacturers becoming more health consious and offering healthier alternatives (I think Kellog's offering some of its kids cereals with less sugar is a move in that direction. While its low carb, they aren't marketing it that way). Yesterday I saw a commercial for Bud Light "Like all light beers its low in carbs, but unlike other light beers it has the great taste of bud light."  I'm not so sure that Bud Light really fits into a low-carb healthy diet, but maybe that's just me. Clearly someone noticed that (the now late) Dr. Atkins was making a lot of money marketing his own line of low-carb products for people on his diet, and they are trying to cash in on the craze. So, although Coke has had "low-carb" soda for years they are now offering a new "low carb" soda. Half the carbs...woo! Diet coke has NO carbs. If you were really a carb counter, you'd be drinking that.   Secondly, I'm not convinced that an Atkins style low-carb diet is really healthy. Sure, eating lots of refined sugars isn't good for you. It didn't take Dr. Atkins to tell you that. Is eating t-bone steaks icecream with half the carbs the answer? Probably not. I'm no nutritionist, but I still think eating in moderation is the key. Eat lots of fruits and veggies and lean meats and you will be fine. Some bread or pasta is not going to hurt you every now and then. There are no long term studies showing the health risks or benefits. I know that there have been a few studies showing people lost weight after a year on Atkins, but I am sure if I went on a 1 icecream sundae 1 bowl of lucky charms a day diet I'd loose weight too...though 10 years from now I doubt I'd be healthy.  Finally I'm not even sure its a craze. It seems to be a craze manufactured on Madison Ave. Nobody I know is on Atkins. I know a few people who have tried it, all of whom didn't like it for whatever reason and quit. I know my mom did it for awhile, lost some weight, and gained it all right back. I think people need to get over it. I really don't care about products for my low-carb life style....and I think I will stick to regular diet Coke.  urlLink  postCount('108744055641775194');