OK, so I have a propensity to exaggerate a bit, and I indulged myself yesterday.  I was walking home, thinking about my singlehood.  I will admit, I am a complete commitment-phobe, but my dry spell had gotten a bit ridiculous.  This is where the exaggeration comes in.  I was having a running dialogue between me and myself in my head (don't even pretend you don't know what I am talking about), when I thought, "wouldn't it suck if I never dated again".  Holy crap.  I know it's remote, but it's possible.  I mean, it's basically been... a really long time as it is (and it is none of your business how long) - what if I have lost the ability to date??  I know, I know, stupid.  It has inspired me to try harder, though.  And that brings me to the question, how can I possibly know how attractive I am?  This is the low-down: 130lbs 5'4" short-ish, brown curly hair round face (freckles)  Now, I think I am relatively cute.  I know that at 5'4", with curly brown hair and freckles, sexy is not on the list of adjectives most people would use to describe me.  But my point in that I look in the mirror, and I don't hate what I see.  When I am wearing make-up and having a good hair day, I think I am alright.  Do I have an over-inflated sense of my own attractiveness?  Because literally, nobody hits on me.  I haven't had anyone show interest in quite some time.  What is that?  Is that me?  I suppose either I am uglier than I think, or else I am using body language to tell guys "back off, get your own sandwich!".  Hmmm... I will opt for the latter, because *technically* that is something I can change.  Speaking of self-evaluation, I have to pass on this little note about my friend Nick.  We were hanging out on the weekend - we went to the market, then the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia, and then for coffee - and I was lamenting over the complete lack of available, *viable* men in Halifax.  I specifically mentioned that anyone who was well-dressed and good-looking was gay, to which Nick cleverly replied, "I didn't *think* I was gay?"  Predictable.  My answer was, "I will give you one or the other, but you can't have both, sweetie".  Let me pause for a moment and describe the outfit that Nick was wearing for our outing: ratty cargos, sneakers, plain, faded navy hoodie, colorless t-shirt.  I will continue.  Nick unwisely chose well-dressed.  No! No! No!  Nick, I gave you this one!  In light of your terrible choice of clothing that day, and the fact that clothes can change, but (for the most part) your looks can't, I thought this would be easy!  Apparently, I was wrong.  A note to those out there who might be reading this: and a note to those who aren't: what you wear is important!  There is a guy that I work with that has some very questionable grooming habits.  He will come in with clean clothes, all tucked in and neat, washed hair, and shaved face.  let's call this day 1.  On day 2, he will come in with the same clothes, slightly touseled, hair slightly greasy, and a bit of stumble.  On day 3, he is a mess, and it is apparent that he has simply rolled out of bed (or more likely, off of some couch) and strolled into the lab.  Then the process starts all over again.  It's gross, and I judge him for it.  And it's true: I judge you, too.  Throw away those shirts with holes in them!  Wash and iron your clothes!  Yes!  Iron your clothes!  I discovered starch last year, and I think it was my favorite discovery of 2003.  BTW - John, if you are wondering if I am talking about you in the previous paragraph, wonder no more.  And stop reading my blog!  If I wanted people I knew to read it, I would have sent out the link!  FYI for anyone else, John is a member of my lab, and recently, when I was asking for help trying to figure out some code, his accidentally/intentionally switched the browser to my blog, which I had open.  From there, he has done a search for "Fear and Loathing in Halifax" and found this little piece of my brain.  My blog address also includes my avatar, mac mommy, which I have printed on my bank card, so there is no doubt that this is the place.  Ergo, fuck off, John.