The real comments appear when something isn't of a lie. I feel that I am taking granted for even my own chance of hearing and speaking, when others, who are unable to ever receive this marvellous gift would express themselves so well. If I had that million bucks, I know where it'd end up. Yes its true that I find Singapore Idol a nonsensical programme for the famous Singlish we have. But the participants have yet to make me feel anymore pitied and ashame that I had insulted the progamme. For from this hour of TV show, we could all see the beauties of unfortunate youngsters. I bet a hearing that if that lady, who was deaf, could hear, she would have been in the finals for sure. That guy who had voice defection, I bet with him a voice, that he too will end up in the finals, no matter what situations are like for them, they will remain someone, rather something that I will do for sure, when I grow up earning money. For they should deserve this gifts, though natural to us, but something special to them, as they will one day be the level of inspiration and of an IDOL themselves. This is the true posession and meaning of being an IDOL, not to immitate someone, but to be one to others. For once we can see that humans are afterall still humans, feelings and expression still flows. For today, tonight, the judges showed their true opinions, not just saying things to make them happy, but words of encouragement, and proudness of these people. May God bless them will a fulfilling and a happy life forever.    Even the most ruthless judge made someone feel good about themselves, guess it really takes back what I said before huh. Yet again I learnt something new, something that my feelings have taught me. Always be grateful to even being a perfectly normal person, whether rich or poor. See how feelings play about in one's life... one guy,who lost his father, sang for his late father. Words that are meant, are words that would win. I hope he keeps his feelings, not of condolence, but of a motivation, for his family, and for his own bright future, and to do his late father proud. I believe he will be blessed no matter what happens in the end. Today my mates, we should all carry a tear in our eyes for these future IDOLs. Peace out ya'll.