#50  Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs  by Dave Barry Dave Barry, columnist for The Miami Herald, writes a book about the bad songs that people love to hate and hate to love. It had some pretty funny moments in it - I especially enjoyed the section on misheard lyrics - but I have to admit that it wasn't as hysterically funny as some of the recommendations I read led me to believe it would be. Still, funny enough that I put another highly recommended Barry book on request at the library.  #51  The Pact: A Love Story  by Jodi Picoult Chris and Emily have known each other all their lives. Their parents have been the best of friends since before the kids were born. When the kids grow up and begin dating, everyone sees it as the way it's supposed to be. Which is why they're so shocked when Emily and Chris are taken to the hospital one night, Emily dead from a gunshot wound, Chris bleeding from the head. Chris claims that he and Emily had a suicide pact and that she killed herself but he passed out before he could do the same. The state - and more importantly, Emily's mother - believes Chris killed Emily. The book follows the trial and the affect it has on the families and the relationship between the families. There are some things that seem a little implausible, but I really liked the book a lot. Much of it is flashback, and it's very well done. The reader gets Chris's story, then Emily's story, then the trial and the reveal about what really happened. Even at the very end, I had no idea if the jury was going to rule for Chris or against him, and usually I can make a pretty good guess.  In the world of graphic novels, I just finished up Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell's  From Hell.   This book was amazing. It took me a couple chapters to get into it - it's much wordier and slower developing than most graphic novels I've read - but once I got going, I couldn't stop. I have to admit, I had no idea how much of this was really based on history and fact. There's 42 pages of very detailed annotations at the end, and it made for some fascinating reading. This was deeper and more developed than a lot of novels I've read this year. For anyone considering reading it, it is pretty graphic.  I gave up on  Apostles of Rock: The Splintered World of Contemporary Christian Music.   I liked the idea behind the book, but it just wasn't very interesting. The authors admitted in the foreword that they didn't get a lot of cooperation from people within the industry, and the book definitely suffers because of it. There's a lot of theories and questions thrown around, some very interesting (How do you define Christian music? By the music itself - the lyrics - or by the beliefs of the singer? Does "secular" music by musicians who claim to be Christians - like U2 - count as Christian music? Has Christian music become a ghetto, preaching only to those who are already saved and not interacting much with those who aren't? And if so, is that a bad thing? Should singers "water down" the message of their music if it means the chance to interact more with the unsaved world?), but without commentary from those working in the world of Christian music it's mostly just questions. There's no real discussion. I think there's a lot here that would make a really good, interesting read. This book just isn't it.  I didn't finish Mike Fieg's  Kick Me: Adventures in Adolescence  because I had to take it back to the library.  I've already put it back on request so I can finish it off, though.  Next up:  To Be the Man  by Ric Flair Now playing:  Forever Blue , Chris Isaak