In guitar class today we finally played a song that I really like: Joni Mitchell's "Circle Game." Yay! Now I feel more motivation to practice the darn C and F chords!  In more ways than one, I feel like my life is a circle game. OR at least a lesbian game.  So I told TJ that I was upset that she and CC had gone rockclimbing with a bunch of our friends on Friday night. Mostly because I felt excluded (partly for reasonable reasons and partly for unreasonable reasons). Then on Saturday it was a bit difficult to see TJ and CC cuddling at the movie (as mentioned below). I did come to the conclusion that I was going through the difficult mourning stage and had a conversation with TJ to that effect. But TJ had shared my emotions with CC, and so I got a phone call from CC this morning at work. A little bit of a shock. She wanted to confront me about what I was feeling. Yes, I had been a little ticked off with CC, but I felt that the issue had been resolved with TJ on Sunday. I guess not.  It seemed to me that she wanted to be exclusive. Yet she still wants to be friends. Exclusivity is not in my definition of friendship. I told her that if they had been upfront with me from the beginning, that they wanted to get to know each other without any weirdness of having me around, then I would have felt a lot better than the situation that occurred. As it was, when I thought that TJ and CC were going together, then found out that other people went, I felt awkwardly left out. I felt deceived. Had I known the situation, I probably would not have wanted to go.  Then I was talking to TJ later today and mentioned that I was not the happiest camper since I thought she and I had resolved everything about rockclimbing, but that she went and told CC what I was feeling. I feel as if she betrayed my trust. I also feel like I'm in 7th grade!  The bottom line... I want TJ and CC to be happy. If they make each other happy, terrific! I hope nothing stands in their way. It would also be nice if the three of us could remain friends. Our friendship seems to be on shaky ground at the moment.