There are a few forever optimistic people in my life who live by the motto "If it's meant to be, it's meant to be". They tell me this little nugget of wisdom whenever I am faced with a hard choice or dilemma of some sort. This makes me think that it's all a matter of fate and I should just shut up and stop wasting everyone's time when destiny is going to take care of it and all my whining will not change that. Sometimes, they will pull out the big guns and say "If it's God's will, it will all work out." This makes me think that if I start questioning things, I'm questioning The Big Guy and I will surely be struck by lightning. I always found a measure of comfort in these people. They make me feel better, they give me a gleam of hope because after all  IF  it's meant to be, it will be.  "That," my best friend Robin told me recently "is what people tell you when they know good and well, it's not going to go your way but they don't want to be mean."  Now, that was a downer. But it got me thinking...do these people really believe what they are saying or is Robin right and they are just telling me this to get me to shut up?? I started paying closer attention when I was telling someone a problem. Generally when I tell someone my problems their advice isn't that much of a priority because hey, it's  my  problem and I want to  talk  about it. But I concentrated really hard to see if they would drop the "meant to be" bomb.  What I've decided is that some people are meant to ponder and overanalyze every single detail of their lives. I'm one of those people. And some people just absorb the facts of the situation and turn it over to fate or a higher power or whatever. Those are the people that make lemonade out of life's lemons and play the cards they are dealt and all those other cliches.  Like one of my racing heroes, Bobby Labonte for example. One day in a practice hour interview someone asked Bobby what he thought his chances were for the next day's race. Bobby said something to the effect of-and this is not a direct quote but it's close-"Well, the car's not running too good but you know we're gonna work on it and well either we'll fix it or we won't." He made one of his trademark faces and went on with his business.  He wasn't sweating it.  This is the kind of philosophy I wish I could have. Either he'll call or he won't. Either you'll get the job or you won't. So starting today, it's my goal to adopt the Bobby philosophy. To stop worrying about things, stop overanalyzing and just let it ride. I'll let you know how it goes.  Either it will work for me or well, it won't.