I swear that for most corporate executives, greed is as necessary an emotion as love.   Executives love money, and they do what they can to generate more of it.  Whether it's for a company's success which ultimately affects them with kickbacks or more stock options, or if it's solely for their own benefit, it's starting to piss me off.  I'm not all "anti-corporation".  If a company or individual comes up with a way to get really rich, they're entitled to that money.  However, when they start messing with stuff that affects me, that's when I get upset.  What upsets me today is the future of my DVD collection.  At stake is the heir apparent to DVD.  On one side we have Sony's Blu-Ray disc format.  The opposition to that format is Panasonic's HD-DVD.  Both formats are apparently aiming for a 2006-2007 launch date, and while there are rumors that evey company involved would like to work this all out, they are only rumors.  From what I can tell (and I keep up-to-date at www.thedigitalbits.com), every movie company that puts out a movie on DVD pays the owner of the patent rights to DVD technology (some japanese company that has slipped my mind at this moment).  That's the reason for the pending format war right now, as there are all of these companies that want a bigger slice of the DVD profits.  I mean, it's official that DVD is THE accepted format right now, and VHS is officially dead.    So the genius writers at The Digital Bits painted a very grim picture if Blu-Ray and HD-DVD come out against each other.  As sony owns various movie companies (like the companies responsible for Spider-man and whatnot), they may ONLY release their future movie releases for Blu-Ray format discs (and these are discs that are encased in a plastic case - thus negating my current DVDs from working on Blu-Ray players).  Panasonic (I think this is the company behind HD-DVD (Hi-Definition DVD)) is responsible for Warner movies like Harry Potter.  To have to buy two different players to enjoy the movies that I love for their two completely different formats is absolutely insane, and it would make me pray for a movie-market crash.  I own over 250 DVDs, which amounts to thousands of dollars that I have put into this great collection.  My biggest concern is backwards compatibility, meaning I want to be able to watch my current DVDs on future DVD players.  I don't like the idea of all of these DVDs going the way of the VHS tape or even Beta.  I don't want to buy Back to the Future on the next format in two or three years.   When I step back and actually think about VHS, it was introduced in the mid-80's wasn't it?  And DVD started to take off in 1999 (techno-uber-geeks ate it up for a a few years before that), so can I at least have a few more years before the next format?  I don't want to put thousands of dollars into a new type of movie device that replaces DVD, because my fiance (whom would be my wife by then) will freaking kill me.  Honestly, why can't industry just be happy with the commercial success of DVD right now?