There are people who can walk away from you. And hear me when I tell you this! When people can walk away from you: let them walk.   I don't want you to try to talk another person into staying with you, loving you, calling you, caring about you, coming to see you, staying attached to you. I mean hang up the phone.   When people can walk away from you let them walk. Your destiny is never tied to anybody that left. The bible said that, they came out from us that it might be made manifest that they were not for us. For had they been of us, no doubt they would have continued with us. [1 John 2:19]   People leave you because they are not joined to you. And if they are not joined to you, you can't make them stay. Let them go. And it doesn't mean that they are a bad person it just means that their part in the story is over. And you've got to know when people's part in your story  is over so that you don't keep trying to raise the dead. You've got to know when it's dead.   You've got to know when it's over. Let me tell you something. I've got the gift of good-bye. It's the tenth spiritual gift, I believe in good-bye. It's not that I'm hateful, it's that  I'm faithful, and I know whatever God means for me to have He'll give it to me. And if it  take too much sweat I don't need it. Stop begging people to stay. Let them go!!   If you are holding on to something that doesn't belong to you and was never intended for your life, then you need to ...LET IT GO!!!   If you are holding on to past hurts and pains ...LET IT GO!!!   If someone can't treat you right, love you back, and see your worth...LET IT GO!!!   If someone has angered you ... LET IT GO!!!   If you are holding on to some thoughts of evil and revenge .. LET IT GO!!!   If you are involved in a wrong relationship or addiction .. LET IT GO!!!   If you are holding on to a job that no longer meets your needs or talents ... LET IT GO!!!   If you have a bad attitude...LET IT GO!!!   If you keep judging others to make yourself feel better... LET IT GO!!!   If you're stuck in the past and God is trying to take you to a new level in Him... LET IT GO!!!   If you are struggling with the healing of a broken relationship....LET IT GO!!!   If you keep trying to help someone who won't even try to help themselves...LET IT GO!!!   If you're feeling depressed and stressed .... LET IT GO!!!   If there is a particular situation that you are so used to handling yourself and God is saying "take your hands off of it," then you need to... LET IT GO!!!