Hey...  My sister and I just got into another fight. It was the first time that I had actually talked to her in a few days too... What a way to start off talking again, huh?  I mean it wouldn't be so bad, but it was over something so stupid. She started freaking out on me because I told her that mom bought the Pop-Tarts that we had up in the cupboard for our little nieces that were going camping with us this weekend; so she totally freaked out on me! She started yelling at me and saying that I have no right to tell her what she can't eat because she is older than me... How retarded is that?? Just because you're older doesn't mean that you are wiser... Besides, my older sister (not the one that freaked out on me, but the one that is the mother to our nieces) doesn't have any money. Right now she is desperately trying to find a  good  place to live under $400 per month because that’s all she has. She can't afford to bring her own food camping, heck, she can barely afford to take the day off in order to come camping with us. My sister (the one who freaked out on me) doesn't even realize that my (older) sister can't hold herself up and needs every little food particle that she can get to feed her ( three ) children who are growing up fast and need all of the nutrition that they can get. Does anyone see where I'm coming from on this point?? I mean, yes, I am younger so I don't know everything that an adult does, but I'm smart enough to figure out that children need food more than her. Besides, my (freak out) sister says that she is "trying" to go on a diet... And that she wants to loose all of the fat that having a child caused her to gain. Well, eating Pop-Tarts isn't apart of that diet!  Another thing that really makes me mad is that she is using her boyfriend now. I don't mean "using" as in she is taking everything that he has because she can... And in a way, I  do  mean that. She keeps telling him to do everything for her. And I mean  everything . There is rarely a time when I see her pick up her child and feed her or play with her. I always see her boyfriend making the bottles, doing her dishes, cleaning up after her, and playing with her child. I (personally) think that he is just with her because he loves the baby so much. I don't think that he will be with her for much longer if she keeps treating him this way, though. Everyday she thinks that he is cheating on her, or he does something wrong so she gets really mad at him. Mom even sometimes has to take the baby for a little while so my sister’s boyfriend could take a break and eat or something. It makes me sad to know that her baby will grow up with an uncaring mother. In my own opinion, I think my sister only loves her child because she is her mother. Not because she wants her as a child. I do admit that my sister has been through a  lot  though. But ALL of it she put herself through it. It was never anyone else's fault that she ran off and got herself pregnant. It was never anyone else's fault that she was raped and beaten on her little ‘run away from home journey’. It was her choice the whole time and if she is too immature to figure out this, than she needs to figure out a way to grow up; because, truthfully, she is still a child body, mind, and soul wise, whether she likes it or not.  That’s all I have to say, so goodnight.