Actually I'll continue a bit more I guess.  Some of the stuff I usually forget to write just came back to me.  First of all I really like Def Leppard.  I fell the need to say that b/c everyone else thinks they suck and there is a mean joke about them that is floating around.  I was reminded of this as I was listening to them on the comp.  I've mentioned that the material I teach at work is crap but there is a particular chapter in a particular book that is very desturbing to me.  The story is about a lion that falls in love with a farmers daughter and wants to marry her.  He asks the farmer for her hand in marriage and the farmer is too scared to say no.  But he then has this great idea and tells the lion his daughter hates animals with sharp teeth and claws and says the lion he needs to pull them all out to make her happy.  So the lion goes and pulls them all out and then comes back to call on the daughter.  So what does the farmer do?  The breaks out the bat and beats the lion's ass and kicks out of the house.  The moral of the story is "don't give up something you need for something you don't need, you might end up with nothing."  No wonder we think Koreans are a little strange.  Ok first of all how would it have ever worked out between a lion and a human?  You know, what exactly were they going to do together?  I have way to much free time in class to think about such things as gross as they are.  But they were going to get married and we all know what that means.  Ok so lets get past that part.  The moral is so fucked up.  On one hand you have the lion who loves the daughter so much he is willing to have his teeth and nails ripped out to profess his love to her.  Then what does he get in return, his ass kicked.  No good.  There should have been a happy ending with something like them getting married and the moral should have been something about no sacrafice is too great for true love or something cheesey like that.  Our books suck.  No spell check on this, I'm going to Bellagio.