hey ace im so not prepared for this letter.. im still pondering about the things i want to write or things i wanna tell you cos i may never have the opportunity next tym. i dnt know how to start... i write letters all the time but wit this.. its just so hard.. i wana put everyting in, im tinking so hard.    funny as i look back on how our  mum dressed us up.. like twins, hahaha...  those same dresses, same shoes, same head bands just in a different color...  but i must admit mum has fine taste in fashion... so i guess i dint complain back then...  i hated u soooo much. u know that right? i still dont know how we came to this! we were just soooooooooooooooooo different maybe living in one roof is the only thing we  had in common. there's no perfect relationship i know and im not even asking for ours to be close to perfect. i just like "us" the way it is---our once in a wyl heart to heart talks while stucked in traffic,  my "always" wallowing or my drama queen episodes, our spit exchanges of issues and views wit our juvenile brother, our ranting about the odds of life, our super violent fights, our kulitan before we sleep, your  mature advices to my life's little tortures and pathetic, childish dilemmas... dats already so much ... and i appreaciate it tremendously. i dont want get too mushy here... altho dats expected..   i just want u to know that i rily, rily appreciate your presence in my life. im hapi that we have the same parents and i can share this special bond wit u. u dont know how much u do me good, how much u helped me in a lot but weird ways... how u  provide the most practical solutions wenevr im freaking out over the minutest things,how u saved my life wen i had my cramps (OA as it may sound but i felt that i almost died that time)its was such a relief and comfort that u were holding my hand wen i was scared to my guts, u know all my deepest, darkest secrets.. u may not know it but i as ur older sister, i look up to you. u r my idol.  u inspire me. it is so hard for me to give up these words... damn.... thank u sooooooooo much ace.  remember wen papa asked me to rate u as a younger sister and i answered right away...  i said ur a ten! a perfect score... behind those flaws, ur sick rationalizations, ur damn i just wana pillow u to death ways, ur being too knowsy,  well basically u being simply the opposite of me... but still ur perfect and i dont regret giving that answer! (felt kinda bad dat u just gave me 7 tho) hahahahah!  as u go through this thing called life... just personalized it. do wat u want to do.. dream big, set goals,work on meeting them, snog, try fagging, or drinking, decide on it and be merry. i want u to pursue wat ur heart desires. always, always, always, prioritize ur hapiness... its not being selfish...dont let anyone put u down. let no one make u feel indifferent, love urself first becos the only way u can show  love to someone is when u love urself dearly and truly.  when we get older and start our own lives... i will always be ur ate. i will always be there for you and i mean that! even if my husband wouldnt take u in.. i would ask him to sleep on the couch and u on the bed.. no sex for my honey... hahahahahahaha damn husbands! hahaha... i expect u to do the same... hahaha!  i dont know wer im getting at as u know im always lost.  i love u tsolomby.  enjoy this opportunity with the Lord. take everything out and take evrything in. realize ur faults and throw it in the bin, retain the good ones, ask for forgiveness  and pray hard not to get into the same pit again. good luck to you and if luck seems to wane... we are here to back you up with the Lord of cors!!!!  please be nice to kuya eugene... i know ur trying but try harder... cut him some slack, please give him a chance.. he is waiting for it... u know already the things i rily hate about u.. u dont want me to list 'em down or else we will be here all day... joke joke joke! oh my gash...  i cant bliv i just said that please try to correct them ok?   p.s.  tell God, im coming back.    love you ace  mwah  ate