a lot of things have happened lately. fights with daryl, graduation, grad party, meet up with jammi. i also learned a lot of things. let me list them down for you.  lesson1: be fair just a couple of days before grad, daryl was being a bitch on me again. you know, the typical "i don't care about you" syndrome kicking in. it was friday when i decided to apologize and it was the same morning she sent me an index card saying i was unfair to her. the usual "you're unfair" shit was laid out in front of me. i got fed up that i didn't talk to her anymore. later that day, i cried my heart out to my staffers while working on our annual [unprofessional, huh?]. i wrote this draft letter to daryl on the blackboard and she read it. the whole drama scenario took place and, you know, we're okay again.  lesson2: pay attention the wackiest and most embarassing moment happened on my grad day. i sang in advance because i wasn't looking at the conductor so i voiced out loudly. it was okay, i was the head-turner of the moment. i rocked!  lesson3: be optimistic i became an OS! i guess, when i say i can, i really can.  lesson4: take it easy i'm falling so hard for jammi. he's so cute and i'm really attracted to him. but my parents said i should take it easy. ok, i will.  lesson5: let them apologize daryl and i wnet to the grad party and swore never to leave one another. i promised that interms of life generalities. i mean, i won't leave her even if i get a bf or if we aren't classmates next year i'll still be her best friend. when jammi came, i hung out at martha's pad to rest because i had a headache and it happens that jammi was there. daryl thought i replaced her with jammi. i didn't apologize the next day because stef adviced me to give it time. the next next day, i called her and she was the worst bitch to me! i hung up and after that she asked me to call her again. she apologized but she should've been the one who called.   lesson6: someone's always better than me i'm a bitch,too, just like any other girl. but whose bitchier? daryl. i'm mean? she's meaner!  bahala na..