It startles me, really, that the memory is so close to the surface.  I am so good about moving on, and not sentimental, not in that way.  But every time I walk on campus, through the vast empty space in front of Memorial Chapel, where the marching band practices in late August, I notice the sky.  This is Maryland, and so there are almost always clouds, gathering for the usual 5:00 thunderstorm.  Sometimes, though, the sky over me is impossibly clear and pristine.  I enjoy it for a split second.  And then my stomach turns, and my mind says "I remember another day when the sky was so perfect and blue."  Of course I know what I mean without actually saying it - that day was 9/11.  We were all so shocked that a massive tragedy could happen on such a beautiful day, as if the juxtaposition was just too cruel to bear.  9/11 changed the very character of the sky.   That day, well, my story is not unique.  I went to work, blew off the inital reports as "some idiot in a Cessna," but understood the magnitude of it in time to see the second tower fall on live TV in the conference room.  In how many offices, how many conference rooms, did the very same scene play out?  We were all so quiet.  My life was in Boston at that time, and like most major cities, all of the tall buildings downtown were quickly evactuated.  My building, only six stories, was not among them.  And so I remember watching from Allison's corner cubicle, as the streets filled with commuters, how odd it was to see them all heading home at once, in the middle of the day.  Some other things stick with me, too.  We had a number of women on staff who lived in Cambridge.  They decided to walk home, as they were scared to take the T.  Another co-worker cried hysterically, worried about a friend who worked in the towers (thankfully, he turned out to be fine).  We did get dismissed early, but my boss didn't go home.  "I live right down the street in a high-rise, so why bother?" she remarked, "I'm no safer there than I am here."  She had a point.  I remember worrying about her.  I also remember showing little emotion.    What I do not remember is any blue sky in the months following 9/11, though no doubt there were some good days.  The whole world seemed to be surrounded by a sort of darkness.  This wasn't, admittedly, just because of 9/11.  I was experiencing a bit of personal tragedy, too.  The horrible end of my horrible marriage had finally come.    What hell it was!  My ex-husband is a frightening, demanding, abusive, unstable man.  I was so afraid, so angry, during those months.  Why did I squander my youth with him?  Why wouldn't he just let me go?  Why did I end up with a lifetime of regrets by the time I was 24?  What great sin was I paying for?  I still don't have the answer to those questions.  And I still don't really understand why 9/11 happened, still don't really understand what it means.  A few days after 9/11, life was pretty much back to normal in Boston, at least externally.  We went back to work.  They were constructing a new building across the street from my office.  It's finished now, it was ready right on time.  Anyway, the construction workers had draped a huge American flag over the steel girders, the skeleton of this new structure, and I could see it perfectly from Allison's window.  I spent a lot of time staring at it, and thinking.  Against the perpetually gray sky, I saw sparks shooting out around the flag.  They were welding, no doubt.  But it looked like so much more, so beautiful, these white shimmers of light, small but so bold, fighting the hopelessness inside me, and around the world.  Americans were still building then, and we are still building now.  And I personally kept going, despite my ex. If America could go on, I sure as hell could, too.  Today I am much happier.  I cannot say the same about my country, really.  It is a daily exercise now, especially here on a university campus, to defend the U.S.  That's heartbreaking, sometimes.    But more often than not, we have gray skies here in Maryland.  And I can still see the sparks, the hope, the flag, the building, as though it were yesterday.  I know that even if the sight of a perfect sky is marred forever, we will always have this.