2 words : LAO SAI Positive: HENG KA LAO SAI Negative: Suay Ka Lao Sai  not much sleep in the last 2 weekends cos activities just come in fast and furious.  Saturday nite: Got a call from Ah Tat to go TM starbucks lim kopi. Slacked there till almost midnite. Met Daniel a.k.a SHIT ( SAI) and jones there too. After KOPI, we went 107 for another round of kopi...cheap ones this time liao. On the way to 107, saw the no heart ( heehee) Vincent at Shell...though we are very good friends, seldom see him in the last 1 yr liao....got YI XING MEI REN XING....hahahaha......Then kenneth suggested a TPSS alumni chionging nite on the 10th July at Mdm Wong. I have a feeling i am going to get drunk this time rd cos he know alot of ppl inside and can get the liqour at freaking cheap prices and these asses will not let anyone of us go off easily....hahahahah  After 107, we 4 losers nothing to do, we proceeded to daniels hse for the dutch-swedish match. Not that exciting though it is the oni EURO match that i completed watching. JOnes was freaking on a roller coaster during the match cos he is a dutch supporter. Y a dutch supporter u may ask.....He is a dutch by birth...But now is tru blue singaporean liao. Haha....considering Dutch's previous 4 losses at major competition trhu penalties, u can just imagine his anxiety when the match went into a shootout.   Sunday morning: We for a basketball game with the PKL gang without the full squad. Suay ka Lao sai.....my shoes sole came off halfway. I actually decided to wear this pair cos i predicted the sole of my alternative pair of shoes ( NEW BALANCE SAF) to come off soon. Suay Suay this pair also came off. In the end got to go buy a pair of BATA shoes just to make do to continue playing.  After the game, went home and change before going for another KTV session with the gang. It was quite fun as usual. But as the were many ppl and one 1 screen to sing, i backside itchy went out to buy a packet of Magnolia milk to drink, knowing very well i will have tummy ache whenever i drink milk. Jackpot!!! WIthin half and hour, the effects came on. Toilet IN OUT IN OUT. On the way home, as i was riding on towards TPE from Hougang, i saw a road block catching speedster. I was HENG KA LAO SAI tis time rd. The stretch of road was so tempting to speed that i would usually speed in the old bike of my dad. This time rd, i just relac relac rode before the roadblock. IF i have speeded, then most prob i would have been stopped.   Reached home liao but tummy still not that well....and the lack of sleep......Going to koonz liao to forget the effects of tummy ache....hopefully i just dont shit on my bed...hahaha Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know