Well I made it to Cambodia.  It was a long bumpy ride but I'm here and seem to be staying at a pretty nice place.  Cambodia is a very poor country to say the least.  Being here only a day has made me appreciate what I have so much more.  It is really distrubing to see how some of these people have to live.  I wonder how the rest of the country will be?  I'm not sure how much time I'll end up spending here (in Cambodia) that is but I think I'll be like 2 weeks and then I'll move over to Vietnam.   So I went to Angkor today.  I have to say it is some of the most impressive stuff I've ever seen in my life.  To think that people actually build those temples is just amazing.  I think I've walked and riden more today then I ever have in my life.  I should sleep well tonight.  The restuarant in my hotel/guest house is really good and pretty cheap by my standards.  Stuff costs between one and two dollars.  You have to know that this is a ton here in Cambodia.  But it's so easy and convenient.  Angkor Wat is a great work out.  It's like a jungle gym but with ancient ruins in the jungles of Cambodia.  You can climb all over the ruins and up them and it's just great.   One thing is for sure, whatever we're doing to teach kids English in Korea just isn't working.  Everyone from infants to grandads speak English.  And I'm not talking like "hello" English I'm talking about really good conversational English.  But I guess that is how they make their living and it's what they have to know.   Today I had a little Cambodian kid named Spiderman watch my bike for me while I roamed around Angkor Wat.  When I came back I bought him a coke and then bought some of his postcards.  Get this, he wanted to sell me more postcards then I could use.  This is saying a lot since I'm pretty much a postcard nut.  I think I sent out 20 from Bangkok.  So I picked up 2 packs of 10 from him.  This should last me plenty.   I've got a three day pass so I'll go back tomorrow and check some more stuff out.  You just can't understand how massive the complex is.  I think I'll hang out here three more days and then I'll roll on to my next spot, where ever that may be.