Well, yesterday was the big Gay Pride Parade in Madrid.    All of Madrid's main streets were blocked off around 6:00, and thousands of people swarmed out onto the streets to watch a mile long, 2 hour, rave.  So much for informing the world about the finer organizations related to the gay community.  Actually.  There was one interesting group at the beginning of the parade.  An organization for deaf homosexuals.  Everyone in the group was signing to each other, embracing old friends without a sound.  It was really fascinating.  My sister would have loved it!  And they were followed by an all too short a procession of gay rights activists, toting their plackards and such.  Informing the masses of the inequalities that face the gay community.  Good stuff, but it was hard to pay attention to them when looming behind them was a party bus, blaring techno music, topped with a dancefloor filled with shirtless men in Navy uniforms.  A lovely, and deafening out door, mobile rave.  Cut and Paste that "float" 50 more times, and you have the rest of the Gay Pride Parade.  Buses, Music, Dancefloors, waterfights, and skin.  I wouldn't be uncomfortable in guessing that one watching this parade might think that every gay person in the world listen to bad house music and dressed up funny.     I would have hoped that the gay community would have used this public exposure to enlighten the masses about some of the less eccentric aspects of the gay culture, but it seems that the global concensus there was "I just wanna DANCCCEE!"  Plus, no one in the media wants to film a group of normal looking citezens, that just happen to be gay, marching for equality and encouraging people to embrace their lifestyle.. No way.  They want the drag queen with 2 foot heels, and the half naked leather-types who have extraordinary amounts of body piercings.  Ehh, all in good fun though...  Everyone I talked to today said they had a blast.  Right on...  Ok... On the other hand.. sorry about the infrequency of blogs...  It's too hard to sit here and think of something witty to say when it's this hot.   I think I'm going to go sit infront of the freezer and think about Hotdogs, Hamburgers and Fireworks.  Happy 4th of July everyone!!