It turns out the French messed up when they decided to make an offical spelling for Laos.  For some reason they added an "s" to the end.  Turns out the "s" is silant and the name of the country should be pronounced as Lao.  French always messing stuff up. I'm not in Vietiane and it's a nice change from Hanoi.  Despite the fact that this is the capital it has only around 140,000 people and it's a very peaceful and quiet place.  There isn't that much to see or do it's just good to be able to relax and take it easy.  Our place is right by the river so we can look out and see Thailand while eating breakfast.   The bus ride here was long as hell.  It clocked in total at around 25.5 hours.  This road trip was one for the ages.  First the bus was around an hour and half late picking us up and nobody knew why.  This left my little group of 9 tourists sitting on the side of the road outside a brothel waiting for what seemed like forever while the dude who was "in charge" frantically dialing away on his cell phone trying to figure out what was going on.  Ok but no big deal, we finally go picked up.  We were told the trip is between 20 and 22 hours.  Not good but could be worse.  We get on and there are a fair amount of tourist on the bus and come to find out they've been driving around for like 2 hours and can't believe they are still in Hanoi.  So then we go to pick up the locals.  They were either Laos or Vietnamese I'm not sure and this is where stuff gets a bit interesting.  Oh I forgot, we were promised a/c on the bus but turns out that came in the form of open windows.  You're always promised a/c on buses in SE Asia but it someone always seems to be "broken."  So the locals pile on, and I do mean pile on.  I don't know what the hell they were bring with them but it was more luggage and goods then I'd seen before.  So now all the seats as well as most of the isle is filled with people or luggage.  The trip really wouldn't have been that bad but what made it terrible were all the frequent stops during the night.  Come to find out it's not only a bus for getting people to Loas but it also transports anything and everything between the Hanoi and Vietiane.  So pretty much nobody had a shower since the morning since you have to check out of your hotel by 11 or 12 so I know I was smelling nice come the next morning.  Probably the most interesting thing about the bus were the Christmas lights used to light the interior.  This was just odd.  The rest is just too much work to go into but eventually we made it and even found a decent place to stay.  If there was one good aspect about it, it was being able to see the Laos country side.  Laos might replace Vietnam for the most visually stunning place I've been to.  Impossible to describe but it was just amazing.    So now that we're here what have we done.  Yesterday and today weren't that crazy.  Stuff is really laid back and relaxing.  We had some great fruit shakes.  Today we rented a motor bike and took a road trip to Buddha Park which had some of the strangest statues I've ever seen.  Yesterday was spent on a walking tour. The city is nice and I'm enjoying it a lot more then I thought I would. Stuff here is a little more expnesive then I thought it would be.  They are pretty smart and keep prices consistant across the board so you can't find stuff for super cheap. At least I haven't yet. Being the nerd that I'm annoyed at how expensive postcards are.  It's five for a $1.  In Vietnam I could get 200 for around 80 cents.   Ok tomorrow we're catching a bus to somewhere that I can't spell.  I'll let you know how it goes.  Not going to bother with spell check.