*Sighs* Once again, someone broke mi hearat, and guess who it happens to be...? Of course it's fucking Paul, I just fucking found out that he has a gf in that gai camp thingy that he is at, isn't that wonderful? That's so whi he told me that we can onli be friends, well fuck him, after he tells me that he ids going to love me, and care for me, and even after we did the shit that we did, and feels that it is nothing...? Or something, right now all I can think about is, how bad i feel, how rejected, how awful... He totalli broke mi heart like it was a game, and now I have no wai to mend it, brcause I have tried everything.. I have tried telling miself that it is just another stupid crush, another stupid high-school thing, and you know what? That alwais works, but nope not this time... I'm so fucked, I don't know what I am going to do anymore... Everyone is telling me that I should just forget about him, and that he WILL NOT like me anymore after the summertime... well isnt this great, what I yearned for, what I desired is now so fucking far awai...  On the otherhand, everyone is telling me that I should get with Jeffie, I don't think that it would be right seeing as we are just super chill friends, and I don't know if I can picture miself completeli happi with Jeffie, although he has to be the wickest person that I have ever met, well one of em anyway... I just don't know, there is too much pressure, and I have been smoking like a fucking fiend, and now i have to go to stupid summer school, and i sooo dont want to go because it is going to be the equivelency of fucking hell, and i am not looking forward to having that on mi plate... I have so much to worri about, like smoking, guys, school, everything, everything, everything wont fucking leave me alone, i kind of feel closterphobic in mi own damn thoughts, i dont even know if that is legal in all of Canada, haha, well yea, I just am so confused right now i wish that i wasnt alive so i did not have to deal with all the goddamn bullshit, not to mention everyone fucking dying on me... hey that kind of reminds me of what paul said to me one time.. he said that mi beauty is like the very last sunset, a dying man is ever going to see.. it sounded better the wai that he said it though... :P I think that i have wasted so much time thinking about Paul, when i could have been thinking about something so much more better with mi thoughts instead of it. Aw well, i think that it would be so much kewler to have something that i had to look forward to, but there is nothing going on in mi life right now, that is sooo much to be looking forward to, everithing just seems like it is going downhill from here, and it is realli realli starting to get depressed... There is nothing that i can sai is going mi wai... so there is nothing good as far as i know, unless someone makes mi dai, except i saw that Anchorman movie, and i thought that is was so funni man, i loved it A LOT, and plus i got to see it with Jeffie right beside me so i had a lotta fun, and i laughed a lot which was good, haha i alwais can go to funni movies to cheer me up, i am just that kind of corny person... haha i laughed at like every funni part, and i have such an annoiing laugh too... haha it is kinda funni, but aw well, what are ya gonna do right? Right now, for god, if i was to make a prayer i dont think that i would pray for anything legit, seeing as i got a lot of good advice to a lot of shit that was fucking me up, but i think that i would realli want Paul to want me back, i realli wish that he would, but then again, by the end of the summer, and he wants me back then , he can fuck himself , cause there is no wai that someone that treated me that bad will have the ability to get me back, although there is a part of me that thinks that i would want to take him back, which makes me sound realli pathetic, but thats jst me, i am pathetic. But then again... well nevermind then again, because i know mi prayer would never ever come true, thats just the wai it is with me, nothing ever works mi wai, but i guess thats all i got for complaining i could have a lot worse to sai, but im not gonna sai ani of it, because all i do is complain, and i am sure that a lot of people are kinda prolli getting sick and tired of me... but what are you gonna do? Haha, so that is the end of this very long blog, so i will blog later, and i doubt anyone will be reading this, but hey... I LOVE YA ANYWAYZ! [{.X.x*Would you find it in your heart, to let this go awai? wont you let me rest in pieces...?*