For the past month or so, Christoph and I have been meeting once or twice a week at Cafe Kolache in Beaver to work on the website.  Kolache is an amazing little coffee house, something I have been clamoring for for years here in the BC.  As I have mentioned, we are "hard" at work on the new site, which is going to be all in Flash.  It's pretty sexy, if I do say so myself.  Chris went out and got all of these books and whatnot and took this sucker on.    Of course, the two of us (along with any other Dweller who may join us) sitting in a cafe with Chris' 17-inch HP laptop aren't the most productive around.  But productivity with this website isn't always our number one priority, fun is.  Because if fun ain't being had, then why be had at all.  That's what I say... sometimes.  And so we sit there, me drawing little designs and pictures in my sketch pad, him clicking away at Action Scripts and Motion Guides, and the two of us talking about the finer things in life: politics, computers, girls, coffee, jobs, and The Tick.  All things relevant to the life of two single working-guys fresh outta high school.    My coffee intake has nearly doubled thanks to working on this website.  The advantage, and the main reason, of doing most of the work at the cafe is because we get a bottomless cup of coffee.  So our laps are scalded by the end of the day.  No, so we get all of the coffee we can muster!  Trust me, I drink alot of coffee.  Usually it's the dark roast (which can be anything from Kenyan, Columbian, and Cuban to J.P. Hearty, AA Kenyan, or M.C. Hammer... I wish there was an M.C. Hammer coffee) with a ton of half and half and sugar.  Chris likes to get a carmel coffee thing (some of the girls there make it with whipped cream, while others skimp on the extras and just give him the coffee) and then he chases that down with some of the normal coffees.  I usually go to the bathroom like three times while we are there (which is normally from 3:30 until they close at 5:30).    It would help alot more if that place had a wireless internet connection like the Copper Dog does.  I mean, it's not enough that we steal their electricity by plugging the laptop into their wall, we want them to pay for internet as well!  There are usually other folks in there with laptops (a good number of them have Apple iBooks... REPRESENT!) and they are all kinda put in their place by Chris' monster computer, which could probably wrestle Deep Blue and Hal at the same time.  Sure those other guys were advanced in their time, but nowadays a centrino Pentium machine could whoop their butts.... sorry.  Anyways, the website is gonna rock harder than Donny Iris' love.  But since he loves us as well, we kinda win on both fronts.