I figure that after last night's post of irritation, I should probably follow up with some form of an update.  Things are better.  I should probably describe my anger management style. It's not as effective as I would like; however, I've been doing it for so long that I don't know any other way to do it. I think it's something I have to work on. My 'style,' as it may be, is very ordinary for a lot of people. I have a high tolerance for people and their bullshit. I can take a lot before I really snap. And usually it takes a while for it to build up to the point where I'm really angry. Such was last night. Since R.'s roomies have moved back in and there have been four people in the house instead of the two of us, I've been slowly fighting the tide of irritation. Last night, after waiting around for an hour and a half for R. to show back up at the house when he was supposed to be home in 30 minutes, I finally snapped. I snapped because my keys were in his pocket, and I was stranded at the house. I snapped because I get tired of babysitting 22 year olds. I snapped because I like to keep things a certain way--clean--and not everyone can do the same. I snapped because after living with my sister for 14 months I expected that briefly living with a bunch of people my age would be an improvement. Mostly, I snapped because when I asked for my keys I was given a smart ass answer, and, honestly, I wasn't in the mood for that crap. So, as you can see, my irritation with not only R., but everyone else in the situation, took a while to grow--about a two weeks. And finally, BOOM!  I did tell him what the problem was, although in a very not happy Jessica voice. It was more like a mid-level yell. I have a hot temper once it gets going, but it only lasts about 10 minutes before puckering out on me. Long fuse, short span of temper, cool down. It's a strange scenario.  Somehow, he always manages to say something that makes me forgive him even if I am still hurt by what he's been doing. Even if it takes about 45 minutes for him to say something like that because he's too busy being defensive and trying to deny things. He gets a lot like his father when someone brings up a problem in a way that doesn't fit the way he wants it done. He gets very stoney and very uppity. He gets a holier than thou attitude that makes me want to kick him in the shins. I point it out to him, and he gets mad about my pointing it out. I'm not the only one that needs to work on things, that's for sure.  We'll make it through the bullshit, but I agree that it's a good idea to still have our own space. I can't live with him right now because living with him would entail living with him and his two roommates. I think what makes that impossible is this:  When it's just the two of us, I know that I am an equal part in the messiness of our house. I know what is mine or what we used those five spoons for, and it doesn't bother me to have a hand in helping to clean things up even though, dispropotionately, I clean much much move often. However, when I come home from work, walk into the kitchen and find someone else's dishes stuffed into every crevice of the sink and their papers all over the table and the refrigerator crammed almost to the point of bursting because it's too hard to organize the shelves so things atually  fit , I don't feel like I should  have  to deal with those things. However, if I don't deal with them (i.e. clean them up, straighten, do dishes) they will sit there and sit there and sit there, untouched and undone until we're out of paper plates and they have to break down and finally lift a finger to wash them. Or until the kitchen smells so much like rotten food that I have to drag my ass out to the trash can at 11 p.m. to stuff it full with the crap that they've left in the house. That's not my job. It's the whole being  their  mom that really bothers me. It's not the helping R. to have a clean house, it's the creating a clean house for my new "family" that's more the issue. Does that make sense? I think, if it had just been the two of us, it would have been a different story.  Last night he said one of those things that made me forgive him in a heartbeat. Well, first, he did the dishes without me saying anything about it. That made me happy. But then, when I was lying on the bed with my head upside down getting that little kid buzz, he came into the room and gave me a funny look and then said the thing that made me forgive him. And now it's getting better.