I am less twitchy today. My irritation has subsided (although not entirely) and I'm sure everything will be alright very soon.  I had my last exam today. My last ever reason to go to school. I handed back all my books and my locker key this afternoon, and I left. I left school. I am now a fully fledged member of society; I can get a job, start a career, do whatever I want. The only nagging thing now is that I have no base -  nowhere where I know I will find people who are my friends, where there's stability and where I'll always get a laugh and a joke. And a packed lunch. Now... now I have to work for friendships and relationships. And lunches. It all gets so much more complicated from here. I didn't want to step outside the gates this afternoon. I trudged towards them, thinking "This is it. After this, I'll never have to come into school again" Of course, I'll be back there for results day, but if I didn't want to, I could just have my results to sent to me. It was strange, leaving; everyone else had left early because all the staff were having a meeting in the library, so there was no one about. It was like the last scene of Friends, when the place was empty and they left it all sentimental and weepy. Obviously, I wasn't weepy, but it was still hard for me. I mean, that place  was  me for 7 years; it taught me everything I know, academically at least, and also gave me great friends. It's the place I was when my parents got divorced, when I found out about Em's existence, and various other big-at-the-time events that I'll always associate with school. I feel a bit lost now, actually.  I was kept in quarantine today. Like a foreign animal. I had an exam clash (AQA assumed I could cope with both English Language and RS simultaneously) in the afternoon, so my English exam was moved to the morning, thus consigning me to 2 hours' sitting in the finance office being bored. The time came and I was led through hoards of people, as if going to be crucified, them all smiling, slightly mockingly, at me, while I was put into the RS room and had tables shifted around me. It was a lovely experience. I felt very valued.  Ceff x   Carve your heart out yourself...