Since I am always talking about being single, I thought I might tell a story about not being single.  This is obviously from waaaay back in the day.  When I was 15, I started dating a guy named Chris.  Chris was - and is - a truly wonderful human being, and I love him still.  We were together for 5 years, and shared some really great times, and I can't deny that he is part of who I am today.  We broke up about 3X for pragmatic reasons.  Once it was because he moved to Edmonton to finish high school at a private school.  Once it was because after coming back to Slave Lake, I moved to Edmonton to go to University.  After he moved to Edmonton to go to college, we broke up because he decided to apprentice for electrician, and moved to Grand Prairie for a job. Each time, we got back together because we just couldn't resist each other.  Seriously.  We just had to be together, when we could.   The fourth break up stuck.  Oh gawd, was that awful.  But I'm getting off topic.  I want to tell the story of Chris and I getting back together the second time. I was moving to Edmonton, so we broke up.  Shortly afterward, Chris decided to join his friends in moving to Edmonton for work, and we were going to meet up there - but I was resistant this time.  I was graduating HS in a small town, and I wanted to see what it was like to be in the big city.  I told him I would talk about it only after I had beeen in Edmonton two weeks.  We spent to whole summer apart.  Once I moved, I got into the groove very quickly, and Chris helped.  We actually hung out a fair bit without getting back together.  Exactly two weeks after I moved to Edmonton, we were going to go to a dorm party with our friend, Nicole.  We didn't buy tickets because Nicole assured us that we could buy them at the door.  After a few hour of drinking on Nicole's floor, we went to the party room. It turned out that there were no tickets left, but that Nicole's roommate, who had come down earlier, already bought her one.  Chris and I were SOL.  We decided to head back to my place, and rent a movie.  By the time we got home, I was only slightly buzzed, and we started to watch the movie in the dark.  I started to fall asleep on the couch that was adjacent to where Chris was sleeping, and when he  noticed, he came down beside me, and whispered, "Christy, I need to know.  It's been two weeks, and all I want to do is kiss you and hug you, and be with you."  It was so sweet, and honest, and wonderful to hear.  And I really did love him, I just wanted to see what was out there.  But all of the sudden, that didn't matter.  I sat up, and could barely see his face, but knowing it so well, kissed him slow, and then we hugged and I whispered, "how can I say no to you?"  We cuddled on the couch for a while, and it was the most lovely half-hour of my life.  Just being so in love with someone, and having them be so in love with you back.  I wish I could really describe it.  Well, we broke up a couple of years later, and didn't talk for a few years because I was stubborn and wanted to hurt him.  Last year we started emailing, and met each other for the first time in 4 years (OMG!) at Christmas.  He told me he was engaged, and I was really happy for him.  It was clear to both of us that we weren't right for each other anymore - Chris loves small towns and the Conservatives, and doesn't think gays should have the right to marry or that women have the right to choose (did I mention he went to a private CATHOLIC school?), which is the complete opposite from what I am all about.  But I love him still, and I hope that the feeling we shared is the same thing he feels with his fiance everyday, because that was the sweetest moment of my life.