Back from Madinah. We went on Thursday, back yesterday. I wish we'd stayed longer. It seemed too short this time: we went in a hurry, left in a hurry. And they've developed so many shopping complexes under the hotels we only had time to explore one of them.  But grr. Sometimes I just don't get the Kingdom. The crackerbox complex of hotels around Masjid an-Nabawi has gotten even worse. Huge blocks of concrete with wooden windows (a pathetic attempt at recreating Old Arabic authenticity), huge blocks of glass and chrome, they're all the same. Sheraton, Hilton, Intercontinental, and Co., they're equally invasive and equally visually polluting. But the worst part is that they are filthy  expensive . They are displacing the cheaper motels that were once in their places, blocking view of the Haram, and ripping off pilgrims, who have no choice but to pay, sometimes. Or stay in dumpy motels farther away from the masjid than the star rated entities. The saddest part is that most Muslims in the world are below-poverty-level poor, and save up their whole lives to come to the two Holy Masjids for Hajj, Umrah and worship. With the advent of this big-hotel developing spree, how will they afford it? Only some Muslims are privileged enough to live in such luxurious hotels: the majority of others will be displaced to the 'dumpy motels' where people are packed into the rooms. Worse, they won't even be able to come for the lack of funds. Why does Saudi Arabia do this? They should be making it easier, not harder. If the government has such an insatiable hunger for huge concrete blocks, they can make them government subsidized. God knows how many million-billion-dollar palaces they make for themselves. It won't harm them to dedicate a few of those millions for affordable rooms. But no, commercialization and profits for the sheikhs are so much more important.  Anyway. I read  The Fundamentals of Tawheed  (by Abu Ameenah Bilal Phillips) on the way and back, and wow, was it enlightening. A lot of those little 'whisperings' of doubt and uncertainty I had about certain issues were answered, and it's just a book on basics. I'm thinking I should use it for the Islamic youth meetings I want to start here before I leave.  The youth meetings are a problem. The only other person I know my age right now who could take over when I leave, insha-Allah, is Inaya. And she is not even remotely interested. Lamia was the only person who really cared, but she left for England when her mom's cancer got worse. She was very popular, too, so people came just to be friends with her, but I have absolutely no charm and my grandfather is not an Islamic celebrity. But there is some hope. My aunt says this girl called Mardhia will be moving close to us, who's very active in the youth meetings my aunt runs on. It's not in English though, so we don't feel really comfortable there. But Mardhia goes to an English school, so it'll be all well and fine, if she does move.  Anyway. So...why haven't I been blogging? (I feel this responsibility to explain, although my audience probably does not exceed 1. :P Or maybe I just need something to write about that doesn't make me start another binge on self-pity or hopelessness.)  -Most importantly, Saudi Telecom. They've done something to our line that doesn't allow it to dial the ISP number. And they will not fix it. Oh, they say they try. Every time my dad calls, they give us a number, and tell us it'll be fixed after 4 hours, max, 24. After about 2 weeks, it's still not working. So my sister and I go over to my aunt's apt. (next door) to go online. But their computer room AC has broken down, and summer in Saudi is no dream. So I just don't go. -Every time I try to write an entry, something happens to disturb it. -For a while there, Saudi Arabia blocked access to all .blogspot.com URLs. I just didn't feel like posting on a blog I couldn't access.  Not that I didn't try to update. These are two of my unfinished attempts, sometime during my long absence.  "I guess every teenager has their own little way of maturing when they grow up. Their own little 'test' that forces them to see that life's not all that cracked up to be as they make it out. Mine was a fling with something resembling OCD. My sister's is a fling with anorexia-and God help me while it lasts."  and  "Whataday. Actually, no. All I did was finish off  The Harvester , try to learn glycolysis (only read through half the process), learn another column of the driver's license book thing, and finish  Hard Times . (Wow. That sounds a lot. But if you have 13 hours to do it in, and the two books almost done, guess how long it left me idle.)   Hard Times  is a peculiar book. True, none of Dickens' books are 'usual', but this one seemed especially different. But I'm hardly any judge, considering this is only the second of his books I've read. And there is something unique about his characters, too. They are so uncompromisingly real, yet...are there really any people who believe so constrictingly in 'Fact' and 'Reason'? And I love the way he pokes fun at thMaybe those cruel dictators...but still. It wasn't as sad as  Great Expectations , but poor Louisa." (No, you're not supposed to get it. Yes, it is incoherent. What else do you expect from an entry abandoned in the process of editing?)  In true blog style, the second entry was written before the first. :D   Anyway...if you're reading this, it's because I've braved the heat, or the phone line's fixed.