Happy Birthday to my sweet fren Helena...  your frenship has endured time and really light my life.  Thus explains the present for you....       I'm really down.  I just came back from an awesome day out wif Mr Zirk but then things always have a way of taking a twisted turn.  I just can't help feeling out of control.  Am I really uncontrollable?  Why do I always have the knack of driving even the sanest person crazy?  Well... this is some mess that I mentioned I keep getting into.      Out of Control.  Out of Control.      Where should I go?   What should I do?   I don't know what you want from me!      I'm glad day one of PSLE oral is done.  Day two is next week, also Saturday.  I just couldn't stop myself from yawning and occasionally crossing my eyes.  Sigh... on Friday night, I had such a sleepless nite.  Keep waking up and refused to settle into my common deep beauty sleep.  Mr Zirk went to play bowling and I was all alone without anyone to calm me down on the phone.      I still remember the first time he accompanied me on the phone.  It was a rainy nite filled with thunderous thunder... *]   ... at about 3+ am in the early morning.  He called to ask how I was and if I was fine.  Falling in love was really bliss.     The big rock on the finger often also snaps me out of paranoia.  He loves me and can't help having mood swings.  I have mood swings too.      Dear diary, I sound pretty messed up don't I?... Observe the not-in-order story.... hehe....      Oh yup... after our movie "Secret Window" today, we went over to HMV.  There, I noticed this familiar guy staring and staring at my direction.  Oh yes, now I remember, he's Reza, a fren of an ex.  Well tats not important though, Mr Zirk was not really happy tat the guy was checking me out.  Why do all of the ex's fren haf to bump into me all over the place in Orchard??       The week has really been a tiring one.  Swimming on Thursday has left me breathless and superbly tired.  I suffered pectoral cramps.  And darn was it painful..  I had to literally pinch and massage the upper tummy!! Ouch!  My collig, Sue, urged and persisted for both of us to complete 12 laps.   Still a lot can be done for our abs though!! hehe... age is really catching up!!  Mr Zirk had upper thigh cramps lak!  S occer tournament.  Such is the lives of two aspiring athletes.... keke.... *winkz at Sue and Helena*.....  S they say, the man who removed a mountain does it by removing stones from it daily..... my quote of the year.... hehe... so till the next meeting.... I love Mr Zirk... I adore my friends and I cherish my family.  Stay fit and fun always........