Since friday i have done nothing but talk to my brothers and parents using lines from movies or cartoons (for example: ATHF, Finding Nemo..) it was fun but it kinda makes me wonder what we were smoking..  we went to Hershey Park on friday. it was sooo much fun! bells will never satisfy me again lol. i'm such a chicken but i love the adrenaline rush of being scared. i hate going upside down more then anything and of course ALL of them went upside down! one of them called The Sidewinder, not only went upside down forwards.. it stopped and went backwards.. i was freaking out cuz i couldn't see where we were going so i pulled the the thing keeping me from falling to my death.. the plastic shoulder restraint.. so tight that i couldn't move and when we got stopped it wouldn't go down any farther for me to release it and the guys operating the ride were like "oh you wanna go again? sure we'll just leave you there" and my brother and uncle said bye and started to walk off, and of course the ride was fun and i loved it but i certainly didn't want to go twice in a row.. so after they checked all the seats and came back to me they were like "are you sure you want out?" the one guy told me i should come back later and get stuck again if i wanted and i wasn't sure what he meant so i just smiled and said it would be fun.. i didn't go back.. lol.. anyway it was interesting. what else happened? nothing.. it was just a lot of fun, my uncle hank is like a big kid. oh! and he let me drink lol. and yes he's the uncle that's a cop lol. i didn't get to have a lot it was just a little of my moms mudslide.. of course she pulled that "you're not going to like it" crap and i downed half of it before she yelled at me to give it back.   i'm so glad i'm back home. i love my family. i love spending time with them, especially john now that he's a teenager and we're kinda going through the same things and we have a lot in common recently. but occasionally you need to get away and sharing a hotel room or being stuck in a minivan for 9 hours makes getting away very very difficult!