What is wrong with me?  Now I seriously think I've lost it!  Why do I let him screw with me? My tactic for today was supposed to be evasive!  E-V-A-S-I-V-E!!     Screw it!  At the request, or rather insistence of our mutual piece of work, I called him. MR, was worried about some work that he had done for him; I had to call him!  I had no choice! Narcissistic, the guy is Narcissistic! So I try to be friendly; mind you, did he not just have dinner with me a week ago?  Did I just not talk to him LAST MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDS, and did he not just call me on Thursday?  And he can't remember my voice???  Ok, I was calling from the cell, and yes I have a freaking cold, but still... He didn't know who I was???? A complete blank???  He told me that our mutual cannot rely on me for help, and that it was nothing that I did wrong... I didn't think I had done anything wrong! I should have said, K--"You know, if you don't try to belittle me or insult me it will be a first!  In fact, every time I talk with you, you have something really crappy and demeaning to say!" Oh, But what the hell is his problem?   I shall not ascend to his greatness no doubt--the enlighend one indeed!  Ah, he really troubles me; he works me all up for nothing! I feel like crying over this complete ASSHOLE!  He's not even worth my tears!  Ok, back the phone coversation; So the mutual is stressing out in the back ground while I'm talking on the phone.  So I say, "I'll call you tomorrow... What time is good for you?"  He gives tons of explanations, and lets not forget how my phone call would interfere with his damn swimming... "I have to go swimming..." Does he want me to be proud of him because he goes swimming?  Like his stupid, long and lanky body could use the muscle building!    Nevertheless, I said, "7:30." He said, "I have my daughter.." What difference does that make?  We're not going to have phone sex!  I said "I don't want to leave a message..." He said, "7:30 that should work..."  Did he not suggest to me on weds of last week that I might call him for next week for this very reason?  And now it is a little game?  Jumbled Chaos indeed!  He's putting me on the rack!  I don't feel my age.  I feel like a sixth grader. And the worst part about it is that I know he doesn't care if I call him or not.  This man delights not in me! All of this TRAUMA he is putting me through, and it doesn't touch him one way or another...  How does one live his life like that?  Just absoultely numb to the vivacity around him? I don't get how he could be absoultely numb to this passionate, youthful, feminine, sexy, creation fluttering around him! Don't get me wrong, I'm not flaunting myself; I haven't sat on his lap.  I haven't been agressive.  But I have been simply me, and that energy I carry with me is undeniable.  I know my own strengths!   Usually, I am so noticed... Not that I look for it, but it is just always there.  He's working me up to no end.  I don't want to talk to him anymore!  But in this instance I had to for the sake of the mutual.  It was a mutual intervention if you will... I have to talk to him tomorrow, and I'm going to be BOTHERED all day about it!  But K--he's probably not even worrying either way...  I feel like telling him: "You know, I don't expect you to remember my voice... It doesn't sound like yours!"  No narcissus, it doesn't sound like yours!  He's conceited.   I'm not competing with him. I hate competition!  I'm not a game player. He's got a chip on his shoulder.  And maybe that's where I feel sorry for him.  "Pathos" he said at dinner.  I don't want people to feel "Pathos for me"... Well, I DO feel sorry for him!   I can't help it!  He's stuck on himself.  He's got a cold and rotten temperament.  He's selfish, and dark!  He doesn't know what he wants; he's on a search. And when your searching for what you dont know, you end up with what you don't want...   "Oh, I am Fortune's Fool!"  You know when EB, beautiful EB, exited my life, I told him, "I am never going to be this close to your lot Again."  I meant it! I passed my education, away from the like.  And with K, it is the same thing.  I am never, ever, going to be in contact with the like! You see, maybe I have this wierd twisted fetish for men like this?   And here I go, breaking everything down, analyzing it, for NOTHING!!! I am happy. I love my life.  I just don't speak his language. I said that to him too. "I don't speak your language," and he spoke to me in Thai, so I spoke back to him in French!    He has to compensate for his cantankerous personality through this illusion of good looks!  I saw his picture tonight; the mutual showed it to me.  I just looked at him, and I saw a very old man!  In the sense that e.e. cummings writes; "When men insist they are always right, then they are old."  I can't touch that; I can't break through that!       I don't want to either!  I just wish he wasn't getting to me; he's in me, in my gut, in my heart, and all over me like skin! Skin--Dammit!    Jumbled Chaos