To think you are very smart or to think you are normal and not smart enough...bling bling..      Okay so the topic's ending with the bling bling was totally something I've been saying in my head lately. Sounds somewhat like the TADA you hear when someone has done something. I guess I put it there because it sounds nice. I read it off somewhere the other day and just thought that the "bling bling" just sounded ever so good!  Onto the topic of this discussion. I wonder if I have covered this previously before in my message board, and I am sure that I have, but I feel as I should just write it now--for the heck of it. So I wonder I guess, or state I suppose--as I met some girl the other day and upon talking to her for a little bit, she asked me what I'm up to. I told her I was graduating with a masters' and then she asked what I would do with it, and I said I'm going on into a doctoral program in Microbial Pathogenesis or Structural biology. SO, the thing that came out of her mouth was, you are VERY smart...and at your age to be doing that is amazing. Well..It sort of made me question why I had told her what I was doing in the first place..as that was not the reaction I wanted to hear from anyone. I went on to tell her that I don't think I'm smart, but rather just a normal person who wasn't smart enough.. I know this for a fact as I work and study a LOT to get where I am. Anyhow, she didn't understand what I meant by it. So I explained to her that there are two types of people in life, those who say they are smart, and think that the whole world is jealous of them for being smart....when in reality these people may have achieved some ONE thing in life, and after that, they just sat around. This happens as when one thinks they are high and mighty they have this trophy achievement, and then they sit there showing off the trophy.  Then....there are the people who think they are normal and not smart enough. They study all the time, and are what you call hard workers. To them they can do whatever, and they never have a trophy accomplishment as they never ever think that what they do is good enough. They keep working to do better, and achieve more. I suppose these type of people put a lot of pressure on themselves.   It seems to me that either you can live your life and have a trophy accomplishment and quit right there....OR you can live life and keep accomplishing as you think you have yet to achieve that trophy...To me the latter is a better stance..but yet, I know way TOO many people who believe the former to be true. I see it in a lot of my friends, who I cannot stand after some time, as they start to annoy me and never achieve anything, but have this trophy accomplishment to show off. Then there's me, who literally has nothing to show, as I just study a lot.   On another note..I still wonder about when the day will come, when I will take a class which will challenge me so much, that I will sit there in confusion for days. It's odd, but I want to be in a class like that. I want to do something which is challenging. I thought that taking Biochemistry or Immunology or Microbial Physiology would have done that for me. But Biochemistry turned out to be EASY, Immunology was a bit more studying, but still easy...and Microbial Physiology I cannot judge, though I do know it overlaps with Biochemistry a lot.   Ohh..I'm rattlin on....To conclude, if you think you aren't at your trophy, you are always striving for more in life and will make it somewhere as nothing is good enough for you. Or you have the trophy and you sit there showing it off, because that's ALL you have and you have literally ended your life right there....that's it :)