Welppp, just saw the new Michael Moore moving picture.  I liked it, but I gotta say that my mind hasn't quite wrapped itself around the message yet.  And I'm not sure if I really want to.   Ok.  Obvious fact:  Bush is a boob.  We all know that.  He's a moron.  But Michael Moore had to spend 2 hours re-enforcing that idea.  I sided with him on pretty much every issue he covered before I watched the movie, now I have further reason to believe so.  It reminded me of when I was in college, studying music.  We would take a popular piece of music, and dissect it, finding thematic patterns, and progressions, etc etc.  All of these things that made the song such a masterpiece.  I loved it though, because it has something to do with something I love - Music.  But Michael moore spent the entire movie dissecting the Bush Administration, thematic behavior patterns, etc, and thus proved why the Bush Administration is the UN-masterpiece it is.  But I hate politics.  I didn't like politics beforehand, and still don't now.  It leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  Now the taste has gone putrid.    And this is what bothered me the most.  I knew that Bush is a wanker (Just like someone could listen to Mozart's Requiem and know it's a masterpiece without know exactly WHY it is a masterpiece), but now I know that it's not only thanks to him, but also his aids, his staff, and numerous other cronies throughout the world. And then something popped in my head:   Could it be just one big awful coincedence that every person under Bush, including the W himself, is an absolute heartless, greedy, tactless, inhuman son-of-a-bitch???   I highly doubt that W. can take credit for being the first president to accomplish that.   In fact, I think the first President NOT to appoint such a wankerish cabinet would have reason to celebrate.  But I think we shouldn't hold our breaths.   Governments are a neccesary evil - because if you chose to live in a communal governmentless eutopia, some other asshole country would come along and take you over (especially if your Eden is the size of the USA)  We elect the lesser of two evils, every four years.  And the guy we elect will probably do the same things that the other would have done, mas o menos.  All we can hope for is that he's better at lying about it, like Clinton.   At least that would improve our image.    It's not easy living abroad when everyone reacts to me saying "I'm from the US" with "Ugh, I hate Bush."   I'm not saying that they all proceed to blame me and the American People for every mistake that baby Bush has made, but it doesn't make it a very positive or fun start to a conversation.    Ugh...  Kinda makes me want to buy an island and start my own soveriegn nation.  Put up a No Trespassing Sign, buy a German Shepard, and hire armed guards to shoot down anyone wearing a 3-piece suit and a wolfish grin.