i had a girlfriend named shannon in high school.  We "went together" for two years.    During tenth grade we talked on the phone every night sometimes for close to an hour.  I hate talking on the telephone as a rule, but these conversations were worse.  We bickered.  Sat silently.  And she told me how terrible her family was.  I told her how much I hated our high school.   i'm sure there were happy memories, but i don't remember that part of the relationship.   she broke up with me at Dennys after church one sunday.  we were sitting at a table that went in a circle with another table.  at the other table four senior citizens ate, not speaking, listening to all the gory details.  i don't remember the gory details; i just remember that high school seemed much worse now.    one day my mom came and picked me up in the middle of the day and took me out of my classes.  i was horribly depressed.  we had lunch at the brownstone, my favorite restaurant which was in the airport and then sat in our station wagon at the beach in the middle of the winter.  The waves were huge.  I cried and couldn't talk about much and then eventually we were laughing about something ridiculous.  that's the Lampiris (my mom's family) way.  last night Shannon and her entire family showed up in my dream.  They were being feted at my dad's church for 25 years of faithful attendance.  They all have blond hair and were smiling like it was a promotional for a new talk show.  People just looked at them in awe.  They opened a few presents, but mostly just laughed like they were on stage.    back when i went over to their house they yelled at each other like i had never heard a family yell.  One of them sat in a chair and didn't talk at all, just watched tv.  He didn't go to church either.  but he was on the wednesday night prayer list as a result....  we liked going to their house, though, because the were allowed to rent VCRs and Video Cassette Tapes from the local video store.  That was still too close to Hollywood for the rest of our families.   Ahh the good old days.