Was reading the paper tonight and came across my ex-boyfriend Rick's photo on the obituary page. My first thought was, "This is a weird joke someone is playing." Or, "maybe they have the wrong guy's name and photo".   I don't know how this happened. I read the obituary through two or three times. Mentioned his wife and 3-year-old son, but not how he died. My guess is it was either cancer (because his father died from cancer) or a car accident. I'm leaning toward the latter. He had a red ferrari and I know he liked to drive like a race car driver. He got in a serious accident about 10 years ago when he was married to his first wife.   The other weird thing is, I used to get an email from Rick a couple times a month, asking me how I was doing, etc. Sometimes he told me about outings he took his son on. Sometimes he attached photos. I would respond within a week, but he always answered my emails the very next day. The last email came May 10. When I didn't hear from him for a few weeks, I wrote him and asked what was going on, was everything all right. Still no word. Two weeks later I wrote again and told him I was worried, and to please write and let me know everything was okay. No answer. So I assumed that his wife somehow found out he was emailing me, and told him to stop. So I respected this (apparent) decision on his part, and did not contact him again. I felt it was for the best anyway, as Rick needed to stop thinking about me and dedicate himself to his marriage.   You may think I have a big head, thinking that 2 or 3 emails a month from a guy meant he was obsessing on me. But I know Rick better than anyone, and I know he was obsessive-compulsive, especially about women who walked out of his life. All the time he was with me, he mooned over his first wife. Then, when I broke up with him, he sent me emails telling me that he finally stopped obsessing on Candace, that now he was obsessing on me. (well, too bad he couldn't get it in sync. I figured this was his new girlfriend's problem, not mine.) Rick was a deeply depressed man. I tried to repair him by loving him, by being the perfect girlfriend, but it wasn't enough. He needed another girlfriend for the weekends I couldn't be with him. Endlessly needy.   Yet, he cared about me. It's been almost six years since we broke up, and both of us have remarried, and still he wrote to me religiously. I got used to being "the woman he obsessed about". So now he's gone and I feel the absence, even though I haven't seen him in years or heard his voice. There's no Rick out there thinking about me. This is totally self-centered, I know. The real tragedy is the wife and little boy he left behind. The tragedy is that this haunted man never enjoyed the good things right in front of him. A sad life cut very short.   I used to fantasize about running into him some day, one of those bittersweet cinematic moments where the ex-lovers cross each other's paths, and make stiff, polite conversation, all the while fighting the need to hug one another and cry. I guess I'll never have that moment.