Your dog wants steak...   Well, Easter weekend was rather busy for me. Aside from the one thing I'm doing (which I won't give details about because I promised so) which is taking up a lot of my time I received a few news, and some deadlines are creeping up on me. So let's go straight to the bullets that don't kill:  * I've gotten a position as a graduate student on the Representative Council at UW. It'll mean that I'll be busier starting May 1st, but it will also mean that I get a chance at having some impact on what happens around here.   * Wednesday is the due date for the paper for  The 6th Workshop on High Performance Scientific and Engineering Computing (HPSEC-04) , which means that tomorrow I'll probably spend a lot of time working on that with Evan.   * Naruto does indeed kick ass. And this episode is the one that catches up with the manga while I was reading it, so anything to come will be new to me. Which is good for me, because I like suspense, and good for you, because I'll stop saying  "I told you so"  and being a total piss about it.   *  Shura no Toki  looks like a promising series. At first glance it's another one of those  "Oh, look, samurais and ninjas and whatnot and the main character is a badass of course and so is the other guy and so is the third. Anything new?"  type of series, and it probably is, but I'm interested nevertheless. Which is more than I can say about  Bakuretsu Tenshi , which is so cliche-ridden that it's not funny anymore. And I only saw the first episode. Plus I don't think that rollerskating mechas should be allowed. Beshaba's buttocks, you could at least take a clue from so many other mecha series and use some nifty hover action instead. And some may think I'm crazy for saying this, but boobies just for fan service's sake are not good. Yes Virginia, I just said that boobies are indeed not always good.   * If my relationship with my family is any indicator, then the less time I spend with anyone the better I get along. Which probably explains why I get along so well with my stepbrothers and -sisters.   * On that account of news, Brenda (my stepsister) is having another baby. And so is Kim (my stepsister in law... Or to make it easier, my stepbrother's wife. There, that wasn't so tough, was it?) One is due around May 6, the other early June.  Alright, I'm going to go back to do my whatnots.  Oh, for last words: Creed sucks.