i have endured 5 days of my evil grandma. she insulted my friends, watched me as i ate, told me how to use an iron when i already can, ate things noisily, was nasty all the time, was nosey, looked around my room uninvited and went through my drawers and my wardrobe. i am so glad she's gone. she left this morning at 10am. my mum's taken her back and my dad's at work so i have the house to myself all day. at 12 i'm calling on sara...don't really know what we're going to do today. yesterday we stayed at meg's and watched 'thirteen ghosts' which wasn't scary in the least. ah well. it was funny when a lawyer got chopped in half...not that i like that sort of thing. charlotte and fran come back from germany on wednesday apparently. i have some new shoes, they're stripey. my dad got them for me when we went to cambridge on sunday with grandma. i could've hit her. glad i didn't though. she would've gone crazy. anyway, apparently i don't eat enough and i should clear my plate every mealtime. apparently i'm too skinny. well at least i'm not a fat old lady. anyway, she can jump off a cliff before i ever take any notice of her. she reckons i have eating problems? she should try to look at herself as she eats and see if she can stomach it. it's horrible. you can hear it churning around in her mouth like a washing machine, just like when my dad eats, which is also a disgusting experiance. i'm glad he only eats late at night when i'm watching tv. he thinks i turn up the volume to aid his deafness, but i turn up the volume to try and block the sound of food slopping around, and that horrible noise when he clicks the roof of his mouth with his tongue. this is worse with noisier foods, like toast, but he manages it with anything. when he eats egg i get suicidal. and he talks with his mouth full. and he has a dodgy jaw which snaps and clicks continuously while he eats. it makes me feel sick and to say it puts me off my food is an under statement. all this adds up to make meal times more of an endurance test, and so me and my mum eat separately from him while he's still at work. but now, during the holidays, with the exception of today, he's always home. and him and grandma put together makes me finish my meal as soon as i can. you can tell they're mother and son, i'll put it that way.