Been chewing this over a lot over the Christmas break, Helen gave me "A new kind of Christian" by Brian McLaren for Christmas and I went through it very quickly.  Also been looking at lots of Posts on it throughout different parts of the blogosphere.  So here goes an attempt to organise my thoughts.  Postmodernity is a bit of a buzzword and in some ways a clich?.  I know a lot of people who would fid the term disenfranchising because it is seen as something faddy or associated with grumpy, obnoxious young people (like me I guess) or as something very pretentious and frustrating (I remember many times sitting in the pub with people from my final year in History grumbling about our "rethinking history" course and postmodern academics because it was undermining everything we'd learnt in the last 3 years).  Despite this, though, it is still the best label for a deep and profound change that is taking place in culture.  Brian McLaren describes it as a change equal to the shift from Medieval to Early Modern thinking that started during the Rennaisance.  It is, therefore, something that will not go away or pass, if anything the cultural change will grow.    Helen and I have often had discussions that have started or ended with the phrase "But we know lots of people our age who don't seem to be affected by postmodernism.  That may be so but is, I now think, because we are still at the beginning of a period of change, not because it is insignificant.  The number of people who are not affected will probably dwindle.  As  urlLink my four walls'   Lucas posted recently: "culture is culture is culture and an idol is an idol is an idol. When culture becomes our idol we are missing the point. We have a daunting task of separating what modernism has pasted on to Christianity and what is essential or basic. And we will have to be more careful as we engage a postmodern world that we don't do the same thing."  For me this is the biggest challenge.  I think in the past I have been too rebellious and not revolutionary enough.  In the past my desire has been for the Church to change so that it can better reach postmodern people.  I'm now beginning to wonder if we need to go further and reimagine much of how we function as Christians in a postmodern society (bearing in mind that I am a pomo too).    Many of the different streams of Christianity that have emerged over the last 200 years were excellent at coping in the modern context.  Many were God inspired and have served the Kingdom well.  They all, however, were in some way syncretistic with the Modern era.  All fused elements of their culture to the Gospel, McLaren and many others have examined these elements more thoroughly and more humbly than I could.  If we are to continue in the postmodern age will we need to allow the Church to become post-evangelical, post-charismatic, and post-liberal?  By this I do not mean turn our backs on these traditions, for they have much to tell us, but rather to carefully look at each and separate the modern from the everlasting in each.  Pre-modern expressions of Christianity probably have much to offer us here.   Of course in doing so we run the risk of pasting our own cultural idols onto the faith, but to not do this would be far worse.  I guess this is a form of the pruning Jesus talks about in John 15.  The postmodern culture is emerging and is changing.  It will become something else and at some point must cease to define itself by what it is not (modern) but rather by what it will be; as yet this is unknown.  What an opportunity!  If we can respond to the changes well enough why couldn't The Church take a part in deciding what the post-whatever becomes?  That is my dream.   (St Tommies, Richard's talk on Sunday 04 01 was a fantastic look at this side of things, exciting and empowering).  For me there are two more big challenges.  The first is a challenge to my attitudes best summed up by Paul in 1 Corinthians 13.  "If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal. And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give away all I have, and if I deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing."  One of the things that hit me from "A new kind of Christian was the humility and love McLaren had about the Church in every era.    It would be easy for me to become a noisy gong sounding off at the evils of modernism and so to become nothing but destructive.  I need to learn greater love for The Church, to watch my thoughts and be less rebellious.  The second is about action.  How easy it is to publicly tow a line and inwardly fume.  How easy it is to talk and dream and still do nothing.  I know that I need to step out further into experiments of post-modern kingdom living that are loving, creative, just and prophetic.  I want to do so with other people in conversation and action.    These are just stages in a thought process, I'm aware I haven't written anything new and that you may well be further along this line of thought than me.  Please come back at me and help me work these through in greater depth.