Well, this is really only the most recent of numerous incidents that have led me to loathe, despise, and otherwise hate that oh so awful phone company known as SBC.  How's about a little story kiddies?  Not so long ago....just about a year ago to be exact....a lovely and charming young woman named Erin called SBC to have the set up her DSL so that she could enjoy the internet all day long.  Now, at the time, if you didn't sign up for a year of serivce, DSL service cost $50/month.  If you did sign up for a year, DSL service only cost $30/month.  Now, being the lovely, charming, and honest girl that she is Erin tells the SBC lady that she isn't sure she can commit to a year of service since she may be moving out of the country.  Now listen up darlings because this is extremely important:  The DSL lady says "Oh, well it's your lucky day because if you move to an area where SBC cannot provide DSL service than the $200 early cancellation fee is waived."  So, Erin thought this was great and agreed to a year of service.  Suddenly it's August again and it is time for our heroine to move on.  It is just 3 weeks shy of completing her year of DSL service with SBC, but she figures there will be no problems since she is leaving the country.  She could not have been more wrong.  New DSL lady says, "It sounds like you were given some misinformation.  I'm sorry that you were given this misinformation but since you were misinformed we will have to charge you that $200 fee."  Erin, of course, asks to speak to a supervisor.  After a long and heated battle over the misinformation Erin learns this about DSL service:  If you move to an area where SBC cannot provide DSL service than the cancelation fee is waived IF AND ONLY IF you continue phone service.  If you move to an area where SBC cannot provide DSL OR phone service than you must pay the cancellation fee.  How does this make sense???  Luckily, Erin is very good and yelling at SBC professionals on the phone until she gets her way.  They agree that she will not have to pay the cancellation fee since she was given misinformation (i.e. blatantly LIED to).  However, they will first have to charge her the fee and then she can call them back to have it removed.  How does this make sense????  Moral of this story:  Do not believe anything SBC employees tell you!  Yell at them when they lie to you!  And most important of all....get the name and employee ID number of everyone you ever talk to there so that when you call back to get the cancellation fee removed you can say that Sean, employee ST41704, said that it was ok.  We wouldn't want there to be any misinformation, now would we?