Dammit.  I have been in love with these shoes for what seems like forever, but, more likely, about six months.  And, they have not gone down in price.  Kate Spade's Beguile Pump (I love the brown....with the cute pink flower, but damn, the black is pretty darn cute, too) http://store.nordstrom.com/product/product_brandboutique.asp?styleid=2820837&boutique=kate_spade&category=2376778~2372811~2380301~2380300&NextStyleID=2824169&PrevStyleID=2819294  I had a program with K-1 kids today.  Good Lord, I cannot believe how untamed those kiddos were.  I left with a hoarse voice and higher blood pressure.  But, I gotta say, when they were quiet, they were cute as buttons.  We have Friday off of work.  I thought I might go to the Texas State History Museum and eat some jelly beans while browsing the exhibits.  We'll see.  Knowing me, I'll stay home & pretend to clean most of the day.  Actually, I think it's going to be a nice day.  May have to grill.  And drink sangria while reading a magazine on the patio.  While watching my plant die.  Poor thing.  Just bought it not even a week ago, and it already looks bad.  I put it on a hook early on in the week.  The past few days, I (of course) did not water it.  Today, when I got home, it looked withered.  Perhaps too much water?  Or maybe it was the surprise of the sun coming out after a few days in hiding.  Who knows.  When I bought it, I just hoped it would last for a month.  Cross your fingers for me.  I should carry a plant-killing pass.  Stores would only be allowed to sell hearty plants to card-carrying members like myself.  And maybe we could even get a discount, since the plant's expectancy would be somewhat short-lived.  I mean, folks like myself really do support the plant nurseries-- we cannot keep our own, so we must keep buying.  Now that I think about it a bit more, we really should get a discount.  One plant to a green thumb is like eight plants to a black thumb like myself.  Oh well.  Long live the easy-care cactus.   From 'The Book of Questions'  Question #2: Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits?  Would you be willing to spend a night alone in a remote house that is supposedly haunted?  Answer #2: Yes, I believe in ghosts.  And, depending upon the nature of the haunted house, I would consider staying there alone.  Could be interesting.  But I get cold easily, so as long as I had enough blankets (also a feeling of security for me), I think I'd be OK.