This is an excerpt of Kel's reaction from the testimonial I gave him... You're welcome Kel...and as your blog name says...It's true! It's true!=)   .:Grateful:.  From Evita, one of the relatively new people I've been chatting with during the show...   kel…one of the most interesting guys i’ve met in a while…an articulate and funny dj (wave 89.1 must feel so lucky to have such a dependable and well-liked staff in him). prolific and deep writer (be prepared to allot a day reading his musings on blogspot cuz you won’t be able to resist perusing his entries, go kel bell!). very charming and down-to-earth. no pretensions whatsoever which makes him all the more fascinating (his being transparent is so refreshingly adorable, it’ll do people more good to acquire the same attitude). passionate about the things he loves the most (such as his friends, his work, his writing, and his beliefs). ambitious (palanca-bound!) and intelligent (why is he studying philosophy you ask? he’ll tell you this: “i love to learn more…to gain better insight of what it means to be human, to revel in one’s highs and lows and plateaus”). intriguing right? hope to see you soon kel! thanks for the usual morning chat...take care!=)   What I really noticed is that the parenthetical remarks really gave even more punch than the non-parenthetical comments. I like it! I like it! :D  In any case, what I like about the testimonials I've been getting as of late was the fact that they've been giving me insights about my personality that I never even saw. With people who tell me how much of an "open book" I am, I realize that in spite of my being quite a loner and a recluse from time to time, I still manage to show that I'm far from being... anti-social. I'm just surprised how spot-on people who've never met me in person can sometimes be about their testimonials, although the funny thing is, in spite of the nature of my being a DJ, since they know me more through my chatting than through my being on air, they tend to know my "serious" side better than my not-so-serious side... but that's all good. Inasmuch as they can't capture my entirety, neither can I capture mine, anyway.  Thanx, Evita! This really made my day.  ::: It's True! It's True! Marcelle said so at Thursday, July 15, 2004