this is a from an e-mail to my friend and pastor, i had written earlier that i had been blessed by taking communion every week.  there's all kind of mutually understood insider jargon here, but if you read the the whole and think about it, probably all the unclear words and allusions will become clear, if not comment away.  "well about convenant renewal,, i think its the same stuff that comes out in words like we have talked about before when you were at newlife.  complaints of just not really taking it seriously, and presumming to understand what the church has for its history really struggled with, yet always held as deeply sacred.  in my study of God's word, and the catechisms and creeds and sermons i've read, i get the impression it is certianly one deep means of faith, if not one of the 'means of grace'... Understanding this relationship struck by God.. communion points to such a deepness of the covenant.. and there is so much of a 'doing' that is missing in the concept of memorial only idea. (and this actual fuller then renacting kind of doing is so helfpfull appropriate for my postmondern mind) i think the holy meal we have reckonizing the body, as often as we meet. untill the Lord's return, is renewing to us, it is another unexplainable sermon to us.. it is ultimately Christs command and way together to have a meal with him and fellowship with Him that he gave to us, that we need to cherish as a people..  it just makes sense to have it every week.. to me it ultimately builds up my faith in this interesting way, that i'm encouraged that the gates of hell have not prevailed against the gospel and the truth, because i'm right here doing this, eating this holy meal along with saints for two thousand years.. it is a awesome sign of God's covenant faithfullness to his people, and our faithfullness to Him, which is a strange kind, to recieve christ like food, the truest way we can understand faith.. life giving, and not of our own merit.  anyway i of course feel there is always room to grow in understanding and restoring the use of this meal of God.. it has been in my heart a lot to want to appericiate the sacredness of God and the things of God in a world that has lost every sense of the sacred, and laughs and crys in all the wronge times.."