Tonight was a surprisingly eventful evening.  Tim and Katie called me around six, and ended up coming over for a while.  We were sitting here talking, and Katie needed to run out to the car for something.  While she was gone, Tim and I got talking about something.  When she came back in, I could tell from the look on her face that she was up to something, but as Tim and I were right in the middle of a conversation, I didn't ask.  By the time the subject changed, I had been well distracted.  So, the evening went on, and we decided to run out for a while.  Tim and Katie were looking to price sheets for their move to Michigan, and I was pricing air conditioners.  As we walked out the door, poor Tim was telling me a story about some of the after-effects of last week's accident, and as we walked out the door, I went to look back at him and *burst* out laughing.  It seems that Katie had gone to the car to get the plaque that was now hanging on my door.  It was a round plaque that reads, "Welcome to my gnome" complete with the classic gnome figure.  I was dying.  So, we went out to a variety of stores.  We started at Bed, Bath, and Beyond, but there weren't really any good sheets there, unless they wanted to spend $100 on a sheet set, and that didn't seem to be too popular of an idea.  After that, we continued on to good ol' Walmart, where I found an air conditioner that I may go back and buy.  We'll see.  From there, we drove across town to Linens N' Things.  While Tim and Katie still didn't find a sheet set that they liked, all three of us did discover the wonder that is Moshi pillows.  They had a huge display of them as we walked into the store, and we probably spent ten minutes playing with them before going to look at anything else.  Tim was ready to buy one on the spot, until he saw that they were $20.  We all agreed that though they were incredible pillows, that could be used for traveling, and at home, and in a variety of other manners, $20 seemed a little steep.  (I think Tim may have been coming up with uses just to justify buying one, but at that point, he couldn't quite pull it off.)  So, we walked around the store and looked at all sorts of different things.  I think that we may have scared a couple of the employees along the way, but that is beside the point.  Anyway, before leaving, Tim dragged us over to see the Moshi pillows just one more time.  While there, he kept going back and forth on whether or not he should buy one.  Personally, I wanted one too, but as stated above, just couldn't justify the price tag.    That was when Erin came over.  Erin is an employee there, and our new favorite person.  She started talking to us about how many people like the Moshi pillows.  We agreed as to how wonderful they were, but then told her we probably weren't going to buy any.  She then told us that currently, even though they were priced at $20, they were ringing up for $9.99.  Although the employees knew this, they weren't doing anything about it.  Well... could we really turn down such an opportunity?  Tim and I each bought a Moshi pillow.  And to make matters even better, Tim was one of those lucky customers who gets to call in and give his opinion for a chance to win $10,000.  Katie and I told him that at the rate he was going, he should call.  And if he won, he had to give $1,000 to Erin, our newfound friend.    After Linens N' Things, we went over to BJ's and walked around a little.  Then we came back to my place, where we played with our new Moshi pillows.  It's truly sad how much fun one can have with a pillow filled with polyethylene pellets.