No partying for me tonight.  I'm all partied out, at least for now.  I've had two late nights in a row and for whatever reason I just haven't been sleeping as sound as I should have been.  In interesting news I'll be moving downtown to the dorms on Wednesday.  This is really awesome.  I think I'll enjoy living downtown.  At least it will save me some taxi money.  Anyway a change is always good.  I don't really care for my manager or secretary.  My manager is a bumbling idiot and my secretary is just a bitch.  But she is ugly, mean and in general treats us "dirty foreigners" with a very removed manner.  I won't miss her a bit.  It's getting warm so I'm thinking we might have a roof party sometime soon.  My work will be moved to part time also.  I'll work less and get paid less.  Well this really depends on how much they work me but I'm hoping this is the case.  So I need to decided if I want to find more work or just eat up my free time.  We'll see how it goes.   So on Wednesday night I ended up downtown at first with Gumi James.  We hit up Miller Time first.  I think I really like Miller Time.  Nothing special but very functional: a big room with lots of people and even more beer.  So we kicked it until Tim showed up.  Then Jenny showed and shortly after Caleb joined us.  I think we need to have true guys night out sometime with NO GIRLS allowed.  It's a nice idea but I'm not sure I see it happening any time soon.  So we moved to Soldier Camp b/c I wanted to eat some sort of fried and salted spaghetti side dish and I wanted to indulge in the 5000cc.  This turned out to be a ton of beer.  Gumi James lost at something so Jenny told him to go bring some people over to play the finger game.  Instead of getting just one person he ended up getting 3.  Go figure.  I like Jenny, she seems really cool and fun.  Her friend on the other hand is really boring and bland.  At least it seems that way to me.  Note: friend was MIA tonight.  I do have to say though they did give me the most handsome friend award so that's cool.  Apparently out of a possible 100% I weigh in at 85%.  Gumi James gets 86% but I think is b/c he is with her.  Beckham got a 98% from them.  Gyeh-son joined us here.  She had some business with her boss and co-workers that need attending to.  From here we moved to AU.  By far the best place in Daegu and possibly Korea.  But no monkey.  So we had sausage and beer here.  Gumi James and I came back and crashed at my place.  He didn't have work on Thursday so he spent it with Jenny.  Over all an enjoyable time. So last night I ended up out eating with Hey-sook.  Despite being my ex-girlfriend we get along really well and I enjoy her company a great deal.  Things go kicked off at WABA.  For some reason this is where we always eat.  Seeing as how she hadn't been to AU I took it upon myself to take her to AU.  I just can't say enough about this place.  So we got stuck at the bar.  I say stuck but really it was cool.  I think when you're at the bar the bartenders are obligated to talk to you even if you're prefer not talk to them.  I ended up meeting at least half the bar staff last night, possibly more.  There is this dude named Curt who I've meet at least 3 maybe 4 times but he never remembers me.  This being probably b/c he is drunk off his ass every time.  No big loss the guy seems to be a zero.  He has been here a long as time and even worked for LIKE.  So I met him again last night.  From AU we went to Bellagio.  Now I love Bellagio but I have to say for a week night  I think AU is a better bet.  There were a pretty good amount of people there too, I think it's catching on.  Bellagio is better on a vibrant Saturday night when you've got a lot of hustle and bustle.  After that we called it a night.  I was out much later than I would have thought but all good b/c I had a great time.    One thing good about there being long gaps between you hit the PC room is that you get to catch up on everyone's blogs.  For some reason is it cool to have friends all over that you can keep up with by reading their journal.   Is anyone ever on MSN anymore?