Wow.  What a night.  I had another insanely busy day, as they all seem to be lately.  I was looking forward to Chorale though, because it's always so good for stress relief.  I got there early, as I usually do, and I was sitting and talking to some people.  So the Director walks in with some stuff in her hands, including a beautiful bouquet of flowers.  I was like, "Oh, those are pretty flowers."  She responded with, "Good, they're for you."  She then told me how much they were going to miss me, and wished me luck.  I was so touched!  I thought that I was going to cry!  So, we went through rehearsal, which went really well.  Then I came back over to my building.  I put my pretty flowers into water, and Nicole wanted to watch a movie.  It sounded like a good idea to me, so I went down to Nicole's room.  She said that she had been in her room all day, and felt like going somewhere else.  She suggested that we go downstairs and watch the movie on the big screen.  Again, it sounded like a good idea to me.  When we got downstairs though, I found a whole room full of people.  There were streamers and banners and balloons.  There was Connie, the RA staff, a bunch of residents from both halls...it was a surprise going away party!  It was so sweet!  Connie gave this speech to everyone, and made me cry.  Then we all had some cake and talked a little.    They had also hung up a piece of posterboard on the wall for everyone to sign.  After we cleaned up, I started reading it.  I got through about two people before I started losing it, and had to stop reading.  The one that really got me said this:  "... and always remember to keep smiling.  Your friendly smile has cheered me up more over the past two years than you know."  I couldn't believe that she wrote that!  And it was a student that I know casually, but not anyone that I am particularly close to.  So yes, the parting tears have begun.  It's going to be a long last week, I have a feeling, and yet I'm sure that it will fly at the same time.  I'm glad that I'm going to be able to leave here remembering the good things.  There are a lot of incredible memories that I will be taking with me...