All right.  I know that I promised to update you all on my first day of work.  I'm just glad I didn't say when I would be doing that.  Oops.  lol.  Needless to say, the past week has been very busy, but in a good way.  The first day of work went well, as did the rest of the week.  I've met a few of the students, and my first program is planned for this week.  I'm going to run "Who's Line Is It Anyway?" for starters.  I'm hoping that I get a good turnout.  I'll let you all know how it goes.  Other than that, there have been all sorts of things going on.  Of course, the endless unpacking project has continued.  My goal was to be done today.  Righhhht.  So much for goals.  But I have been working away on it, and as I told Katie today, I would rather do it right then have to redo it all later.  (Translation:  I'm not just going to throw all of the boxes into the closet.)  The real thing keeping me busy though?  My friends.  I just cannot explain how nice it is to be so close to everyone.  The other night, George randomly called me at 12:30.  We were bored, so we ... went to Denny's.  As stupid and simple as that sounds, it was so nice to have the luxury of doing it.  Another night, Tim called me up.  He was driving around with nothing to do, and he had another couple of hours before Katie was out of night class, so he just stopped by and hung out for a while.  It's amazing.  Seeing my friends is no longer a drawn out, fully planned, very expensive ordeal.  I just... call them up.  Or they call me up.  And we get together.  The comfort of being able to do that so easily is something that I used to completely for granted.  I don't do that any more.  I am truly enjoying seeing everyone:  George, Jason, Tim, Katie, Lisa... I even ran into Deb today at Walmart!  (The look on her face was priceless--a lot of people don't know that I'm back in Utica yet.)  After two years of keeping in touch with people only through IM, I am totally psyched about seeing people on a regular basis.    Other than that, I'm just sick of boxes.  I've decided that I own a *lot* of shit, particularly books.  Every time I think I've finally found a place for all of my books, I find more, and I have to find new areas for them.  I keep trying to go through them, to weed them out a little, but I've found about ... ten that I am going to sell on Amazon.  The rest are legitimately books that I want to own.  Note to self:  When looking for next apartment, look for extra bedroom, just for books.  (However, that will not be for a loooong time--I HATE moving.)  In other news?  Tomorrow is Easter.  Sarah was thinking about coming to visit for the day, but she has too much work to do.  So... I'll probably spend the day unpacking.  lol.  What a thrilling life I lead...