wow...this is why i love spring.  it's about 60 degrees right now and the sun is shining so brightly.  started my day off by attempting to make a smoothie...unfortunately i can't seem to get them to taste like the ones i get at orange julius :(  which is, of course, what i was after.  then i filled out my new address book, which was incredibly fun because it's new and oh so cool.  next i went to mike & shea's house to pick up one of my bikes.  rang the doorbell, saw shea.  then i realized that kurt wouldn't be there because he wasn't on spring break anymore.  shea didn't seem like he really cared i was there.  asked if he wanted to go eat lunch...he said he was just about to go to a movie.  i asked if he was going alone and he said that stef was there.  stef being the stef that all three of them refused to acknowledge for the past, i don't know, like 6 months or so.  so, i guess that gives me hope that maybe someday they'll acknowledge me again.  i guess i'd still like to hear from them once in a while.  ugh, that's my heart speaking.  why is it so incredibly hard to let go of friendships completely?  it's hard because i love them and still care about them.  my brain says that i should be smarter than all of this and leave them behind since they don't love me or care about me even close to the amount that i do for them.  i know, the best thing i can do is to not think about it and just let fate work it's wonders.  yeah, so now i have a bike.  still have one over there but at least this is a start.  if i put the wheel back on, maybe i can ride my bike a little bit this weekend.  my roommate is leaving for washington dc right after work today.  drew is playing a benefit concert this weekend out there.  it'll be cool.  wish i could have gone.  need the money though...too many bills.  i just ate lunch outside in our courtyard...got a sandwich from bruegger's bagels.  it was very tasty.  i want a dog so i can name him ludo.  amber and drew are going to spain for a week and a half starting next wednesday.  i'll be house/pet sitting abby and cosmo stevenson.  it'll be fun, especially now with the weather so incredibly nice that i can sit outside and grade stuff.  yesterday was fabulous too.  it rained and it was so refreshing.  made homemade ravioli (all the way from scratch) and tomato sauce with matt last night.  it was a lot of fun.  also made these really tasty asparagus roll thingys.  mmmm....and we also watched a knight's tale (mmmm...heath ledger ;) ).  yeah, so now i'm procrastinating so i don't have to clean my room.  but unfortunately it is necessary.  i need to finally be unpacked!  okay, and with that...here i go...super cleaning kerry machine!