urlLink Civic Education Trends in Post-Communist Countries of Central and Eastern Europe. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Gregory E. Hamot.  From the ERIC Digest:  Developments during the decade-and-a-half following the fall of communism in Central and Eastern Europe indicate broad advancement in civic education for democracy.  This ERIC Digest notes the rising trend in civic education competency in Central and Eastern Europe, describes an increasingly accepted and used framework for civic education, and illustrates this broad advancement through three significant trends in collaborative projects that contribute to civic education in Central and  Eastern Europe.      A TREND TOWARD CIVIC COMPETENCY    The recent International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA) study of civic knowledge in 28 countries reveals some startling conclusions.  According to national results, the most successful programs for democratic citizenship education exist in Poland, the United States, and the Czech Republic (Torney-Purta et al. 2001).  Given this finding, one may conclude that collaborative efforts conducted with western democracies, particularly the United States, contributed on some level to the abilities of teachers and students in Poland, the Czech Republic, and many other countries where such collaborations exist, to achieve the highest levels of civic competence.      TREND TOWARD A COMMON EDUCATION FOR DEMOCRATIC CITIZENSHIP    John Patrick, through myriad experiences with projects in Central and Eastern Europe and his lifelong study of the teaching and learning of democratic citizenship in the U.S., has developed a civic education framework (Patrick 2003).  This framework appeals so widely to civic education reformers that the American Council for International Education requires that all civic education programs funded by their international Partners in Education program include a balanced assortment of themes from  this framework.     At the heart of Patrick's framework lie four key components of a common democratic citizenship education and an elaboration on democracy's core concepts (2003).  First, the four key components include civic knowledge, cognitive civic skills, participatory civic skills, and civic dispositions.