wow, i can't believe that i've been blogging for 4 months now.  it seems like such a long period of time...although it has rushed past me incredibly fast.  time is such a mysterious thing.  it baffles me.  i'm really happy with life right now and not sure if i want it to be flying by.  i've stopped taking my anti-depressents which is a really good thing in my mind.  occasionally i have bouts of crying but very rarely.  i think the only time i've cried recently was when i was down at olaf visiting with a good friend who knows the boys well, and it wasn't a big cry by any means.  although i'm off the medication, i've been getting tested for the sicca syndrome.  i'm fairly sure i don't have it, although it would make a lot of sense if i did (based on things that have been anything but normal lately).  teaching is going well.  friday was a crazy day.  not only was school still in session, which is only abnormal due to the fact there was a HUGE snowstorm and the roads were super icy, but the parking lot wasn't plowed at all and we had a power outage.  after the power finally came back on, someone pulled the fire alarm.  it was ridiculous.  by the end of the day there were so few kids there because with each incident more left.  not to mention that there seem to be A LOT of people going on spring vacations this coming week so many students weren't there anyway.  however, our spring break is still 2 weeks away.  ooooh, not this weekend but the following weekend amber and i are going to be throwing a party!  it's going to be a "green party" for st. patty's day.  we're going to make green cookies, green milkshakes/malts, green snacks, etc.  we'll also find some green beer.  it'll be fun!  i can't wait.  it's funny...i just joined the chickensox community...which is sort of like a blog in a way.  i don't feel comfortable sharing pretty much anything on it though so i'll just use it to keep in touch with everyone.  i got to hang out with chris and the other amber last night.  they had game night at their house.  amber and i brought along austin, drew, and this pretty cute german guy named steffen.  then mercy showed up a little later.  it was fun.  we played acquire, kill dr. lucky, and cranium.  i really want to go get chai tea somewhere right now but i want to go with amber and drew and they aren't up yet.  oh well.  guess i might have to do something productive...like unpack and clean my room!  hooray for that.  i hope i get that done today.  i got my w-2 from olaf yesterday (i broke down and paid them the money for it considering the boys are so frickin' immature and i figured that i would never get it from them) so i did my taxes right away.  i'm going to be getting so much back in taxes...it's really great!  it's going straight into my savings account not to be messed with.  so, i felt pretty productive yesterday.  amber and i also attempted to make over our couch but that didn't go so well.  we've headed back to the drawing board.  well, i'm off to clean my room...the fun never stops ;)