After the past two days, I know why even when I considered teaching, it was never elementary.  Ugh.  Don't get me wrong, I'm having fun with the kid's crafts this week, but wow is it exhausting.    Yesterday was a lousy way to start the week.  It poured all day, which didn't really lend itself to outdoor story hours and kid's crafts.  We made due though, and had a surprising turn out, considering.  I ended up with about 30 kids there for the story hour.  Reading books to 30 children, all under the age of six is an experience that everyone should have at least once in their life.  The patience and determination it takes to actually get through the books is amazing.  But I have to say, I love reading to kids, and they get *so* into the stories.    Yesterday's craft was paper bag puppets, and that went fairly well.  Sometimes, I think that things would go even better if the freakin parents would just leave!  While the kids can be trying at times, they really aren't the worst part.  Some of the parents are just utterly impossible.  The idea of waiting 30 seconds for me to help with something is fine with the kids, but the parents have a fit.  It didn't help that none of the three volunteers lined up showed up to help.  They all thought that the event was off because of the weather.  The didn't realize that we were under a full tent.  Today went better.  Story hour was not as well attended-only about 15 kids.  But the craft today was making edible necklaces.  Fairly simple, and the kids loved it.  My volunteers showed up, which was a blessing in and of itself when, upon allowing in the first wave of kids, 50 children walked into the tent.  All said, we had 70 kids make necklaces in an hour.  We definitely had our hands full.  Then we had sidewalk chalk art this afternoon.  That was awesome.  I love seeing just how creative kids can be when left to their own devices.  We gave them buckets of sidewalk chalk, and as much space as they could possibly want.  The sidewalks ended up looking freakin awesome.    However, both days I have gotten home, sat down on the couch, and fallen asleep.  I am just *beat* after spending all day with children that young.  I have to say, I will be kind of happy when this week is over.  Hopefully, it will just continue to go well.  In the meantime, some random thoughts:  ~It's really sad how suspicious people have to be today.  A lot of the kids wrote their names next to their sidewalk chalk art.  One kid was writing her name, when her mother came over and made her stop.  Finally, she let her write her first name, but absolutely refused to let her write her last name.  It's sidewalk chalk.  As soon as it rains, or enough people walk over it, it's going to be gone, and yet... this woman wasn't willing to have her child's name written.  And unfortunately, she's probably right to feel that way.  ~I do not know *how* elementary school teachers do it.  It's September.  Let's go walk into a classroom full of 25 six year olds.  By June, they must know ALL of this information, or they cannot continue.  After spending two days with young children, I wonder if the real goal shouldn't be the teacher making it to June with his or her complete sanity.    ~The mother's curse lives.  My mom was terribly amused when, after only two hours of working with young kids, I called her up and immediately asked, "How on *earth* did you watch that many kids for that long?!"  She found the question much more amusing than I did.  Yep.  Mmhmm.