I watched the Home Run Derby on television last night, after contemplating (for about 11 seconds) going to Crawford Street downtown and trying to catch balls. I realized I didn't have cash to pay for parking, and nixed the idea, which ended up being a good thing when I saw unbridled mob violence on one of Tejada's dingers.   And what the hell was the point of making that huge stage for the infield when Clay Walker did one song?  Anyway, Lance Berkman had 42 HRs and 128 RBIs in 2002, but since that was before I moved here, and thus before I cared about the Astros (and read their daily beat writer summaries in the Chronicle, for lack of anything better to do when my girlfriend is studying for MCATs), I didn't know a lot about him. His performance last night, even in loss, was magical. He ripped like 6 in a row to left field at one point, making small elementary school children sprawl over trying to catch the ricochet. He's got 152 career HRs as of now, and he's like my age. I think he'll get 500. He should start batting from the right side of the plate more at home, although I don't know how well he'd hit righty against live pitching. Tony Pena was tossing heat, though - and high.  Antonio McDyess on the Pistons. *Yawn*  I read this article - letter to the editor - in the Chronicle last night where a mother criticized some social columnist for writing an article about the decline of American parenting. The woman went off on some tangent about how she took her 2 children to California to see relatives, and they visited all these amazing sights and read books together and shit. Good for you, lady. I really do applaud your attempt to broaden the horizons of your children, but the woman who wrote the initial article wasn't talking about you. The fact of the matter is, the ghetto has always been awful for parenting... it's hard to blame those parents, though. A lot of times, they don't have a role model for what good parenting should be, and honestly, they need to work to make money for food and rent, so they can't always be with their child. Still - and I know you can find a survey to prove anything (that's how I got through college) - there's countless surveys that the average time UPPER MIDDLE CLASS parents spend with their children is decreasing on an annual basis, probably down several percentage points from the early 1990s. Interesting, given the relative absence of this debate in the recent political spectrum. Honestly, do you know how many NYC parents hire babysitters so they can go out, on a 6/8 weekend nights a month basis?   I'd argue being a good father is probably one of the most tangible accomplishments a man can record, and yet it can't really go on any resumes.   Do you ever find it weird how people are generally obsessed with things happening at midnight? Midnight Madness? Now there's a new movie series where classic comedies play at Midnight followed by group discussions or some such. And then, there's Midnight Basketball making a comeback in large urban centers (another attempt to keep kids off the streets, probably of a futile nature). Also, the term "midnight" is used in countless book and film titles. People are really, really obsessed with it. I can't tell if it's just the word, the images it conjurs up, or the notion of darkened secrecy.   Ron Reagan Jr. is speaking at Democratic National Convention, in prime time, about stem cell research. That's cool and all, but I bet Ah-Nold pops a bigger share / rating for the GOP in August with his prime time slot.   Question of the Day Is chilvary (sp?) among American males truly dead?