Hola, yes, bad squishy no blog. Please, reader(s?), find it in your heart(s?) to forgive me. So anyway, my weekend was great! Which is a refreshing change, as usually nothing of any great significance or fun happens and I return to school on Monday with nothing to think about to get me through the week. Friday night, went to see  urlLink Coz's band  at a random school in Lichfield. After two support bands, of whom I will refrain from judging (KILL! KILL! KILL!), Third Enigma did their bit and I did a review. After much consultation with my in-house English consultant (Mum), it looks like this:  Third Enigma’s influences are very clear: their (annoyingly shortened) set echoes the likes of My Vitriol, Placebo, Muse and Radiohead. But don’t mistake strong direction for plain copying - the songs are played with such energy and fervour that Third Enigma aren’t simply imitation Brit-rock. Recent addition Alex Collins gels with the band perfectly for his first show with TE, and it’s soon apparent that an extra guitarist really completes the sound.  After the feedback-fuelled beginning of RobotsMakingNoise, the troubled drawl of Self Esteem sets the tempo for a performance of high quality, driven songs. Most of them follow in the same, angst-ridden vein; the fluid guitar sound of Leave You Behind seems to swirl around the implausibly sweaty venue, while Extremes of Mild joins the ranks of punk in a spot of Dubya bashing. The set is brought to a crashing end with the same improv extravaganza as it began, rounding off a superb bunch of songs to great effect. Third Enigma has masses of enthusiasm, appeal and, most of all, potential; all they need is a little fine-tuning and a lot more of what we saw tonight. Accept no imitations.  It's pretty good, not my best but it could be worse. It was worse, in fact. But Coz seems pretty chuffed with it, so that's cool. But anyway, back to the story...  The band was wicked and then Coz, Kat, Dave, Oli, Sam, Kyle and I headed back to Coz's place for much  urlLink Muse  and talk of  urlLink Skittles , licking 9V batteries, disgusting pizza cake concoctions, drop kicking cats and Kyle taking a "running thrust" at Coz's TV. I didn't get to sleep until about 4am, at which point I was curled up on the floor with 3 other lads (Kyle was on the sofa). Ooer. I wish, hehehe. I woke up at about 8am and went and hung out with Sam and Oli outside in the sunshine for a bit (Coz's GIANT of a dog Murphy also joined us, who I had totally forgotten about since I last went to his house - in the words of Kyle: "I could LITERALLY ride him!!"), until Coz drove me home and I spent the rest of the weekend in the leisurely confines of Charter Place, outside, on a bench, the stereo at the window playing Rock Against Bush Vol. 1, watching a nice young man called Dom work up a sweat under the hot sun as he painted the front of Paul's house... rrrrr.   Incidentally, Rock Against Bush Vol. 1 is bloody good album. The best tracks (should you wish to download them) are:  Sum 41- Moron Alkaline Trio- Warbrain The Get Up Kids- Lion And The Lamb Descendents- Sad State Of Affairs Strung Out- No Voice Of Mine Pennywise- God Save The USA New Found Glory- No News Is Good News Less Than Jake- The Brightest Bulb Has Burned Out  It may seem like a huge selection, but 8 really great tracks out of 26 is pretty fair, right? *grin* and there's a DVD! Of course, to counter balance the good time I'm having right now, I find myself wanting someone to share it with, but I know a relationship is just not practical before I go to Uni, it'd complicate things waaaaaay too much. Honest.  Ceff x   It's such a sad state of affairs, and I don't care...