Hey! Yesterday was a weird day. I had mood swings massively! I mean I was everywhere from the depths of depression to the highlights of happiness... It was crazy! But yesterday was both interesting and fun. I went on a walk around the bay again. I started thinking of some really good thoughts that I would love to put on here. I mean I couldn't of thought of anything better. I think next time I go out there, I'm going to take a pad of paper with me and jot down my thoughts. I would be out there forever if I was to do that though! It's all-good, I like it out there, its nice and quiet.  Yesterday I started paying with my cousin too. I think she is the most spoiled child in the entire word, but she  was  pretty cool to hang out with. Yesterday I was also thinking of things like how lonely I was and how much of an outcast I feel like. But I figured that I will eventually make myself better and I will eventually find friends that I would fit in with... I'm hoping to find those friends next year in the other school that I want to go to. My sister and I have been talking lately about her relationship with the people that she likes. I realize that I have it worse than I initially thought. She is unable to see what she has going for her and how much she needs schooling, but she doesn't care. I don't think she has gone to school in a long time and without schooling, she isn't going to be able to support herself and her child very well. I hope I don't  ever  lower myself to the point to where I'm making the life of my future child difficult. I hope to at least to be fully on my feet by the time I settle down. I don't plan on being on my feet right-off-the-bat, so I don't think I will have a baby until I'm well over 25. I hope my future baby will be happy enough to succeed in this world also. Anyways, yesterday I was comparing life to a telephone pole... (I know it sounds weird, but just read and maybe you will get it)... Anyways, I was thinking that there are only so many positions at top. Like on a telephone pole, there are only so many notches that you can stand on up at top. In life, you need to climb your way up, and same if to where you wanted to climb up the telephone pole. It all sounds very corny, I know, but it was just what popped in my head at the time. Yesterday I was also thinking of my "meal-lists," I figure, there is nothing wrong with what I eat... I will still limit myself of course, but I'm not going to reduce myself to having to tell myself everyday of the things I eat. I mean, if I eat something, I just feel bad, so I'm not going to use that as another way to put myself down. Anyways, I got to go... The bell is going to ring pretty soon. Bye!