Tonite, cyberdate #5.  Juan. From Guatamala.  My first cyberdate was with a guy whose name I've already forgotten.  He was short and rotund, with bad skin.  I saw a photo before our date, but so hoped that it was just a bad picture.  No luck.  So after two dates (both dutch treat) and adequate conversation, I announced to him my intention to move on, nice to meet you, thank you very much.  He didn't like that, no, not even a little bit.  Needy Man, for that is how I refer to him, especially having forgotten his name, accused me of playing high school games.  I thought that being upfront about the complete lack of possiblity for a relationship was very grown up of me -- nicer than simply blocking his number from Caller ID.  Cyberdate #2 was the date from Hell.  And I do mean the hot, fiery part.  Mike was completely nuts.  We met at a bar -- this was his second bar of the night.  He proceeded to guzzle more beer, chain smoke foul cigarettes, belch, and talk of nothing but his stuff:  his fishing boat, his convertible, his amazing ability to DO A JOB.  My god, he never shut up.  When he mercifully got up to use the bathroom ("Beer went right through me"), the waitress came over, and all I could say (succinctly, but not poetically) was, "Oh My God," in that tone of voice usually reserved for really big train wrecks.  The waitress was sympathetic, and on a return to the same bar last week, remembered the Date From Hell.  Anyway, when Mike got back, we requested the check.  He read it, and announced to anyone who might have been listening, "I just wanted drinks, not to buy the bar."  Later, we IMed a little, and he invited me to view his web cam.  He was naked, and fondling himself.  This man, straight to Blocks-ville.  A goodnight kiss was out of the question.  Cyberdate #3 was David.  Very nice.  Quite handsome.  Reasonable personal habits.  Nice, easy date, a phone call within a day or so.  The phone call was his downfall.  He claimed to know all about me (oh God, shades of the "psychic" ex), and then made predictions about how I'd be in bed.  Now, I assume, because he's a guy, that he's having these thoughts.  Every 90 seconds of every waking moment.  But it was just too soon to hear it spoken out loud.  No more David.  Cyberdate #4 was just dull.  We held a stilted conversation in a bookstore coffee cafe.  He was nice looking, but had this enormous snaggle tooth.  One would think, at his income level (for this may be revealed in the personals profile), that he'd get the thing fixed. I just couldn't see kissing that mouth.  It mesmerized me, like a big wart with a hair growing from it.  He must have sensed this, because I haven't heard from him since.  So, tonite it's Juan.  I'm hoping for an occasional dinner date.  A romp in the hay would not be out of the question in the near future, but I'm becoming rather cynical about the long-term possibilities of anyone desperate enough to use the online services.  There are just too many maladjusted freaks out there.  I know, I've met several.