What a weekend!     Friday evening was disappointing since we didn't make it to see the 1950s version of "Cheaper by the Dozen" at the Stanford Theater. We ended up walking around downtown Palo Alto instead and talked before parting ways. The conversation clarified a lot, though I didn't feel that way at the time.     It made it easier for me to enjoy Saturday as much as I did, though! First we met at the oval at Stanford and she showed me the echo spot, a cement circle by the chapel. If you stand in the middle of it, and read the inscription around it, you can hear your voice echoing! Very neat.     Then we proceeded to the Stanford dish, a very nice place for hiking. Lots of hawks circling around, and we solved the mystery of the blue tarps. There are giant tarps over large portions of the hillside. Apparently, researchers in the conservation biology department at Stanford are trying to eliminate invasive species, and they have found that by covering the invasive species with tarps, the plants germinate in a warm, dark, inviting environment, but they don't receive any sunlight. Then, the invasive plants die out, and the native species can live there instead. Pretty cool!     Following our hike, we proceeded to Stacks' in Menlo Park, a great place for brunch! We split banana wheat germ pancakes and a garden crepe: yum!     From there we headed to the city to see a photography exhibit (Photo San Francisco). There were some absolutely stunning photos; the one we liked best was of autumn leaves. The colors were outstanding, including reds, yellows, and purples. Sometimes I miss fall.     Then we made it back to Palo Alto for the Tea Dance, at which I was the youngest by far! (Well, except for E, but she's still older!) We danced, we chatted with lesbians, very cool!     Then we were hungry, so we made it to Pluto's for salad and grilled eggplant/red pepper sandwich (again, splitting everything; it's great that we have the same taste and she's a quasi-vegetarian). It was fun to try to explain who all the people were on the wall (from Mork and Judy Jetson to Sally Ride and John Glenn!).     Back to her place for some cuddling and  Tipping the Velvet . We only made it through two of the three episodes since we were both exhausted from our adventurous day!     This morning I got up and went for a bikecaching trip; biked 16 miles around the baylands, found the Stevens Creek Trail, found NASA, found 2 caches. I'm up to 91. :-) I've got to make it to 100!     Biking was great since the birds were out and it was a fantastic way to clear my mind. I'm happy!