The trip to the mall was strangely invigorating. Strangely because this time she was not the one doing the shopping but the observer of another happy individual indulging in this past time. They came to the section where you could string your very own necklace and bracelet with the gazillion number of beads that they offer. Looking at the rows of colors, materials, contours and shapes just made her very happy. It was like attending a fashion show. The riot of colors from the colored bras to the psychedalic tops and now the beads dazzled her like never before. This was so because she had just realised that her life was in a major monochrome crisis. She always wore pink or purple paired with something white. When shopping only purple and pink things really made her heart raced. It was as if all this while going through the mall, she was colour blind, only able to react to certain shades of color and oblivious to the rest or whatsoever colour harmony there might be with a rack of clothes.   Her eyes rested on a rack that was in the changing room. Clothes that would normally have resided in safety among its fellow branded mates (even ordered into a conforming color code of greens on one rack, blue tops on another) are thrown together with their rivals, both in brand and color. Purple tops were strewn across yellow bras and patterned skirts hung beside a fishnet neon blue blouse. Yet her jaded color opinions didn't get in the way and instead of ignoring the mess as she always did, grew intrigued by the harmonious blending of colors that was taking place before her eyes.   If there was a rational explanation to all this, he would be able to think up of one. Perhaps he might come up with a mathematical equation. The light grew dimmer and night came. The lights in the mall never faltered. The air conditioning purred and consistently generated the cool air that created the perfect temperature for shoppers and exhibits.She thought about what he might say if she told him all that had happened to her today but he was an ocean a few thousand miles away. There will be no one to return home to except the fat tabby cat.