How I missed the 노래방 (singing room) while I was in the States.  Last night I went to Fenton's to hang out and chill for a bit.  My original plan was to kick it for a few hours.  But as people started showing up and beer started disappearing it became clear that I was having too much fun to leave.  In the end I think we have a total of 8 people.  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, fuck you and 8.  For those of you who weren't there you'd know them better as me, Meabh, Erica, Andy, Eileen, Sarah, Rob and Fenton, in that order.  We played a really hard Irish card game and I'm still debating if it made any sense or not.  That was abandoned for a different simpler game, the one where you draw a card and each card has a different game or drinking pattern associated with it.  This was great fun until landlord crashed the party again.  I worry for Fenton.  I don't think your in his good graces.  I really can't blame the guy though, we were being kind of loud and this time it was on the late side, about 1:15 if I remember correctly.  This guy wasn't joking either, the told us all to leave and hung out until we left.  At this point the singing began.  Some how I ended up running down the street carrying a bottle of wine, which I was drinking from, after someone hit the window of a BBQ place with bouncy ball.  This whole time Andrew was sweating bullets b/c it really wasn't his bouncy ball it was one of his students and if he lost it he would get in trouble.  This didn't stop others from throwing it across the street.  The singing room got a little crazy, actually a lot of crazy.  My voice is all messed up today.  As always I sung Winds of Change.  I would like to say that I've sung that every time I've been to a singing room but that wouldn't be true.  There was one time when I went before work with some people and I had to jet early with singing my favorite song.  Rob is an extremely enthusiastic singer.  I think he and I carried the show, or wrecked it depending on how you look at it.  Fenton got out of control with the cancel button and started canceling all the best shit.  Over all it was much more fun then I had bargained for and I left very satisfied. FYI- we are trying to organize a guys poker night so let me know who is interested.  We'd like to get it off the ground before Andy leaves.  It would be penny poker, or the won equivalent.  Everyone could change 20K into 500, 100 and 50's or something like that.