OHMYGOD!  That's what I have to say about seeing "The Producers".  It was one of the most incredible Broadway performances I have ever seen, and that's a number that is fairly respectable to begin with.  This is the first time I have seen this show, so I can't compare Matthew Broderick and Nathan Lane to any other performers in the role, but I'm sure that even if I could, there would be no comparison.  I have never seen two actors interact more naturally together on stage in my life.  They played off of each other, they worked together seamlessly, and according to someone that I went with who *has* seen the show before, they ad-libbed entire portions of the show.    However, by far the most impressive portion of their performance was the physical humor.  Matthew Broderick blew me away with his antics--I truly think the man's legs are made of rubber or some such flexible material.  Both he and Nathan Lane pulled off pratt falls that looked as if they should have been down for the count.  The blocking was perfect for them--or they perfected it themselves--and they looked like they were born to perform together.    Then there was the plot of the show, which I purposely knew almost nothing about going into it.  Mel Brooks all the way.  If you want to offend someone, bring them to this show.  I promise you that something in there will offend them...unless they're like me, in which case they will just laugh hysterically the entire time.  One of my favorite scenes included a musical number (from the show "Springtime for Hitler) that ended with Hitler in the center of a human swastika which was rotating around him.  Could you... get any more politically incorrect?  But it was done SO tongue in cheek, I couldn't help but laugh at it.    So, that was "The Producers."  It's too bad that Matthew Broderick and Nathan Lane are only in the show for another week, although I've heard that they both signed contracts to do the movie, so I'm hoping that turns out decent.  Another one to add to the waiting list...