Okay first off, I have explained the fact that I trash her too sometimes. I have told you all that, you should all know that! But what I don't know is that, why would someone pin something on someone I haven't talked to or even seen for that matter?  And what also gets to me is that somebody knows something but they won't tell me what it is! Oh well. It's not anything new but it still gets to me none the less right? DAMN RIGHT! No kidding............... Second, Ryan this is to you! Why is it that you keep talking about justin and I breaking up? WHY? I know that you envy what I have. I mean what we have you wish you could have. You know what I mean! But anyway, I just don't know what to do with you? I want to be nice and all but I am tired of being nice and hiding behind what I really feel inside. I know that you can understand that. Yes I know it is a two way road I know that things can come back at me just as easy as I can give them to someone else. Why can't you except that shawnda is gone and I am not her in any comparison. Things are diffrent, things are going to change. Why is that so hard? Is that even the case with things right now? What the hell is going on? I sure as hell don't know?   Okay this is to Kari, Kari, I am sorry that I accused you of saying that, all of what I hear is second hand. I am sorry that this happend I wish things were diffrent for us. But there not so what I can do? I wish you were here right now. I really need so say things to you. I really need to set things strait. I know that it would help things. I am here so I will say them ( somethings ) Anyway, So what I want to say is that, I miss having you around. I miss not having someone that I can laugh with. I miss all of our inside jokes. Because no one else knows them so nobody get's it when I say it. So yeah then I feel dumb. You have just always been there and now you're not.........It's all sad like and stuffs without you......I know that I can be the most annoying person you've met but, I am trying so hard not to be anymore. I know that sounds like something I just say and not do, but I am really trying right now. I thank you for everything that you have done for me girl. I really do thank you so much and if it's up to me, you are coming to my birthday and that's that.........no one can change my mind on that one.  Michelle, I think that we need to spend more time together, I like to hang out with you. My parents seem to like you alright too, so thats a plus. Yeah, UmmMmmM I really think that things are awsome between us. I think that our freindship could last a long time. I would really like that. I think that that would really awsome........I really don't know what else to say but I don't to make you feel jipped because my other dedications are longer then yours but I see you all the time so I don't have much to say.   I think that I am done for now but I am going to do more work on edditing my spot.