When I walk around, often starring into empty space, I end up finding my center. While some find theirs talking to people, competing, communicating over a computer, or finding some other way of communicating, I find mine without the need of another person.  This is a unique trait for a human being, not necessarily good, nor necessarily bad, but, never the less, a trait that I cannot help but accept. What are the topics of my internal search? They vary, but I would be lying if I said that people have nothing to do with it. Indeed, people often always have to do with my thoughts, which was originally the reason why I started this blogging thing in the first place. I wanted to talk to people about, well, people. As redundant and unusual the topic may seem, it is a fairly interesting one and one that plagues the philosophers though the ages. (as I would like to think of myself one of them, plagued as well.)  Why is humanity the greatest topic of discussion, with endless points and infinite conclusions? Well, why we want to talk about us is simple: humanity is a social animal, and as such, we love to boost our ego by talking about ourselves in the positive.  But as we all know, humans almost always bring up the negative: look at any newscast- rape, murder, drugs, slander- all negative. Thus, while people love talking about themselves, they love even more bringing down others. This stems from our competitive nature, and as such, can get very ugly, very quickly.  But why are we this way? In this modern society, we should not have to resort to violence to solve our problems, correct? But, on the contrary, the greatest problem with this argument is that it assumes that all humans can restrain themselves from violence, and we most certainly cannot, especially in our wired world. Violence is inherent in our nature- if you brought up children is a socially neutral environment (which, I know, is impossible) the children would still be violent.  Why? Our genes tell us to, simply, get more, better, and be stronger. Genes give us the "Keeping up with the Joneses" complex: the next door neighbor always has more, better, and faster stuff than you do, and you must somehow catch up or be left behind, which is a fate worse than death for our social mindset.  So how can we save ourselves from this inherent original sin?  We can't.  We can teach our children never to hurt anyone, to never curse, to never say bad things, never to raise a hand against another, but that original sin of violence will still be there, ready to explode at any given point in time, resulting into a rebirth of violence in the system. In short, the violence inherent in us breeds more violence, eventually touching everyone.  In order to remove this original sin of violence, we would need to change what it means to be human, and, essentially, destroy all humans and their offspring, which itself would be a violent act which would bring an original sin onto the species that finishes us.  Quite a pickle, isn't it?