"I guess I still haven’t been able to shake off the anesthetic of suburbia.  And real life.  Because the anesthetic of suburbia also involves having three parents—a mother, a father and a TV set.  Two of them are equilibriums, but one of them is more powerful because it’s always new and fresh and entertaining.  It doesn’t reach out and tell you what to do" (Steven Spielberg in Rolling Stone Magazine, July 1982).    Some of you may know the story of Steven Spielberg’s start in the film industry before  Jaws  made him a name.  At the age of 17, on a tour of Universal Studios, sneaking away to a sound stage, he eventually talked his way into obtaining a visitor’s pass that turned into a summer of “squatting” in an abandoned office and hobnobbing with producers and writers. His small filmmaking trials (with 8mm film)  and his abundant knowledge of the medium propelled his imagination and audacity.  In the end, that “chutzpah” led to his eventual success.  Here then is a “self-taught” filmmaker – yet to what degree was he taught through the medium itself?  Through a watchful eye and an amateur lens, he gained knowledge as he journeyed with media “mentors” (both machine and human). Quentin Tarantino, as the story goes, never learned the language of film production, and continues to invent words on a regular basis.  His film crews have learned to figure out his intent whenever he defies the use of conventional terms.  His accomplishments (like him or not) display another “self-taught” filmmaker.  Like Spielberg, his media literacy began while watching TV and countless movies (from martial arts to Westerns).    Over the past two days, we watched the opening of  Altered States  and  2001: A Space Odyssey   as well as a 30 second short with sci-fi overtones made by a third grader.  Perhaps science fictions may begin scientific discourse or perhaps they are merely precursors to movie making.  Either way, one cannot help to notice the inevitable debate that ensues from such starting points – from medium (Is the book/text or the movie/visuals/sound better?) to message (What does it mean? Is it truth or fiction?).     More questions…  Can we deepen discourse in science, social studies, math, art…etc…through stories found in movies, music, poetry, art   and   books? Do movies or TV have a place in our classrooms? Should we teach the skills of the medium by  analyzing  films or   making   films or both?  Did your iMovie experience demystify the medium of movies?  What of Shaun’s powerful thought under “New Economy” post?  Does any of this matter?