Posting here, that is!  I guess I could be boring and sit here and give my entire life story and what's been going on with me for the past 25 years, but I'm not.  It's boring.  So I'll start from today.    Dad had his first treatment with the new chemo and already it's affecting him.  It's giving him neuropathy, which means that he feels extreme heat and cold.  So no more cold water, or hot tea.  Lukewarm everything.  He can't even get something out of the fridge, or he feels like he's getting frostbite.  I hate cancer.  I wish I could make it go away because it's about the worst thing that has happened to me in my entire life.  Hopefully this drug won't make him really sick like the last one did and this will be his last go at chemo.  This one kid got on my nerves today.  For the past two days, he's been telling me that his mother told him that African-Americans will lose the right to vote in 2007.  I told him he's wrong.  He doesn't believe me and insists on arguing with me.  Truth is, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is due to be renewed in 2007, but that prevents polling places from barring people from voting.  This FRESHMAN actually tried to tell me that the Constitution isn't a law.  Thankfully,I found all sorts of websites out there from government sources debunking this myth.  Boy situation is weird.  Matt hasn't called me yet, but I text'd him yesterday saying that I hope he's having fun in rent-a-cop training.  Maybe he's working the bar for money while he's training.  Who knows.  I'd really like to know what's going on, or what his intentions are with me.  I keep saying that I'm going to ask him, because it's not like he's a new guy and I have to been super-careful not to scare him off, but to tell you the truth, I'm scared to death to ask him what he wants from me.  I also wonder what happened to Shawn.  We talked almost every day, but now that he's done student teaching, it's like he forgot I exist.  I know he had a show and Senior Week for PSU to go to, so maybe that's it.  I really miss talking to him, even if it amounts, romantically, to nothing.  So sick of seeing my friends from work attached, that's for sure.  Especially Rebecca with Gene.  Mmmm... hot Marine boy.  He needs to get me a friend or something!  LOL  That's about it for now.  Hopefully the next time I post I'll have my new computer and I'll be living in the lap of high technology!