Ever had a dream that made u think about the things u always think of? Or not always think of but u like to think of? I had one of those last night. I slept over Katies, we watched Eurotrip (FUCKING BEST MOVIE EVER!!!)  and then i watched Katie play FFX-2...then she started a new game so i could see Yuna sing...lol and then she like gave me the controller and told me to fight...and of course i had no idea what i doing! And i also think that game was created by men who cant get laid!!! cuz all the dress spheres are SLUTTY!!! I'm not very excited about Greg playing this game! He's gonna like it too much! lol...but ne ways...once we were done with that...we went to bed at like 11:45 ish...but we stayed up and talked about stuff...Like truthfully...it feels weird to have one best friend now. We were both talking, saying how the both of us have always had two best friends, when Katie lived in Billrica she had Lauren and Gen, and here she had me and sam. But that has deff changed, and its for the much much better.  I mean Katie has me, and I guess Becca, and I've always had Kevin, but Kevin and i have lost what we once were....it's slowly coming back, and I hope we can be the kind of best friends we once were.  But I had this dream about Greg. Or maybe it was just a day dream. Or maybe it was me scanning my memory...remembering allthe things he has said to me, all the times i cought his eyes staring into mine. Remembering how everytime he touches me my whole body grows hot, I close my eyes and soak up the feeling. I love when I'm with Greg, I love who I am with Greg. Greg doesnt always get along too well with his dad, but when I'm there, things seem to be a little better, i mean, no ones perfect, u know? but its better. He seems easy going and light hearted. and i love the feeling i get when hes holding me in his arms. it's almost like it feels the whole world is standing still. like time has actually stopped. and the feeling i get like nothing else in this world matters except holding him tighter and pulling his warm body closer to mine. i've never been able to feel that with anyone, and believe ive tried, and ive even lied to myself.  cuz, well lets face it...i dont have the best taste in guys! lol lets see, we had mike, he cheated on me....perv! then there was Andy, he was a good bf, but it just wasnt there for both of us... then there was David...he was obbsessed with kissing, but i didnt mind that, but i only got to kiss him once...lol he just tried a lot! and then we had mario...oh please lets NOT go there! we all know he was a lil PDA freak but was the second MOST perverted bf i have had. and then we have number one bad and that was billy....goddam what the fuck was i EVER thinking??? damn, i was dumb huh?? for those of us who know the whole story?? lol...  Yesterday was the day I accepted Christ into my heart. The anniversery. 4  years. August 17, 2004, is when i did it.  Katie was the only one who remembered...What a true friend huh?? LOVE YA KATER!!   lol well i have to go and get ready for work now!  yea i have about an hour! and i need to go do some things b4 i leave for the beach! well l8ter for nows!!!