Let's conduct an experiment. Take a few of my favourite things, namely gigs, music and Benji Madden, mix them all together and see what happens. What actually happened was near enough 2 hours of sheer bliss. I can't really explain what it was like last night; there aren't any words to describe how totally amazing and mindblowing it felt to have one of my favourite bands standing, performing, less than ten feet away from me. Just... wow. Totally and utterly fantastic in every sense of the word- the songs were all brilliant, the set list was a perfect mix of the two albums and I knew every word to every single damn one of them. Their stage prescence, their musicianship, their relationship with the crowd, it was all perfect... just perfect. Everytime I think about it I smile, I just want to go back there and watch them play over and over again- watch Benji leap around the stage, watch Joel get beer thrown at him, watch Paul swear at the lighting guy and watch Billy act generally skeletal. They opened with A New Beginning, as predicted, and finished with Lifestyles, which kind of goes without saying. I was totally surprised when they played Waldorfworldwide, I only expected them to play the singles from the old album, but like I said, they mix of stuff they did was fab :o) because they're Good Charlotte, and they know how to do everything exactly right every single time. But, I hear you cry, are they as fit in real life? My answer: Alas, no. Benji, obviously, is still hot. Joel, despite his best efforts to look punk with his red mohican, still looks ugly compared to his twin- yes I do know how ridiculous I sound. Paul looks like a big puppy dog, bless him, and Billy is actually quite rank in real life, really really skinny and quite scary, to be honest... but his guitar playing made up for all his lack in flesh :o)   I've had my walkman attached to my ears virtually all day just playing Young And The Hopeless over and over again, only to be interrupted by the carol service, which was, as usual, a ridiculous state of affairs due to its general pompousness- "oooh, look at us, we got the TOWN HALL for our carol service... listen to our SENIOR VOCAL ENSEMBLE sing Away In A Manger, isn't it pretty? Look at all these LOVELY, INTELLIGENT girls who can READ" Big whoopee. Get over it. And don't even get me started on you and your ego, Mr. M-J... whoever asked him to read the part of God made a  huge  mistake. I've re-realised the beauty of Emotionless. It's the only song that's ever made me cry; it's so fragile- the simplicity of the guitar in the background makes you listen to the lyrics, which, and if you know any of what's gone/going on in my life you'll understand, really hit home hard for me. Hey dad...  Ceff x   When you lay your head down, how do you sleep at night? Do you even wonder for a while if we're alright? Well we're alright...    Life, hope, truth, trust, pain, pride, love, lust, on without the things we've lost, the things we've gained we'll take with us...