ya so here's my attempt to make an entry as rocktastic as the one i had. tear tear tear.       1. rj had his st. louis tourney. me and mum went up on saturday. ya so we thought dad was gonna pick us up 2ish. but no he rolls up into the garage sale at 11 while i'm volunteering and mum is still shopping around. went home and did a pretty damn good job at packing in five minutes (forgot swimsuit). boring ride. tried to stay awake. couldn't. saw pretty cars. okay so we get there and our hotel is like a stone's throw away from the magic house and we didn't go!!! but they were done for the day and we left for dave and buster's maybe 20 minutes after we got in. i got bar burgers again and was the first to leave the table so i could get my game on. and let me tell you i rock at the one where the light goes around and around and you trap it!! i spent like 80% of my card on it. i played a buncha basketball too! speaking of basketball (forgot this in other entry) i saw mrs. williams!! it turned out sha and trish were there too with their aau b-ball team!! i said hi to them and billy comes up and kept saying they went to his school. and i was like "duh? i'm not overly deaf" (on the inside of course) ya and rj is really good at the light up games too, he won on his first try and i won the titanic game and he won the one with the glowing ball. geoff and robin just shot at stuff the entire time. figures. then we went back to the hotel. billy rode with us and we stopped at wallie world for cards and chips so the guys could play poker. went back to the hotel, they played then swam. i listened to music and doodled and read the notebook (ryan gosling rocks. i wish i was an amazon in the 90s).      So the next day (sunday) they played at Forrest park. That gym you have to walk across. lights are much better, not yellow. First game was pretty easy, but then they had to play ST. Louis CYC with bleachy (blech) good server guy and kerr smith guy (with really bad highlights) and lost. there wasn't any hottie blonde army gel guy :(  but OMfreakinG!!!! Their setter!!! [fans self]. He was ssssssssssoooooooo scrumdillyumptious. he has the most [pause for breath] abfab shaggy rooney worthy brown hair. the gorgieoussity of it all amazed me. he's like 5'5" ish which is great by me (shut up Kevin, we're not all vertically blessed like you and at least i never worry when it's baby eatin' tine). and he kept on lifting his shirt only to reveal abs you could see through his navy under armour (very reminiscient of grey shirt green shorts lefty omni short tucker guy)!! and he has uber gorgeous hands and always dumped it right where no one is (and i mean just a tight backset when you think he's gonna set something up!!). and he is one of the few who look hot with braces. and he took off his jersey and the under armour after they lost the chamionship match to mo thunder. omg, i sound like lauren, "i want to have his baby":) oh and mo thunder what the hell?! i always knew the tall black guy was good. but since when is ugly blonde teddy bear good? but he's so damn cocky about it. even more so than collin, but then again he can actually play volleyball so ya. and there was this team from texas that rj's roomate played for and they were so fruity!! i mean for serious, they were flamers and one of them told dad rj was cute. hehehe!! and they had this little dinosaur named steve. kinda scary they probably rock the ritualistic animal sacrifices. jklol4l. ya so that was pretty much it. omg he was sssssssssssooooooo incredibly hot. i wish i lived in st. louis. dammit why is it this hottie major pops up in their last year!!!! i don't get to enjoy him anymore unless rj plays against him in college and that's a fat chance.     the ride home was pretty uneventful. we went to ryan's, of course. but we did see this green truck that had one of those little monkeys with a diaper!!