(Let me hear you say yeah) Yeah   Yesterday, I picked up Solomon Burke's most recent album  urlLink Don't Give Up on Me .  It's a good album, but missing are those great moments of backup vocals found on all his old recordings.  Not that there aren't back up vocals, its just that the don't quite achieve that transcendent, “us girls in the back here can’t just quietly say ooooh ooooh anymore.  Now that we have arrived at this third and final verse, we can’t  help but cry out, we’re so overcome by the pathos here.”  Al Green had great backup singers too, but to me they always sounded cool, sort of stoned; into it and everything, but a little incredulous and inexcitable.  A bit Minnesotan (they were, apparently, white, and thus conceivably Minnesotan, but of course I’m being metaphorical, like Chris Cornell on the same subject).     Whereas both Burke and Green have that “if you don’t love me my head is going to pop” quality, Burke chose for his back up symbolically sympathetic voices; sisters, perhaps, a sort of greek chorus that legitimizes his pain via public sympathy.  Green’s back up voices contrast then, as the mildly interested but also distracted (and perhaps disappointed and angry) headpopper herself.  Like, "whatever, Al.  I 've heard this  love and happiness   speech before.  It doesn't excuse you from forgetting to take out the trash.  But wait!  What's this?  I can't help myself.   I'm dancing.   The beat is too strong...   Must resist... Can't.  I am under your spell, Al."  Is it me, or did Otis not really use back up singers all that prominently?  There are all the duets with Carla Thomas, but I think it would be hard to count this without insulting her in some way.  It goes to show, that poor guy really was alone in the universe.  It isn't easy doing research on backup singers.  They are generally anonymous, or, if named, just that.  Stevie Nicks, however, is the notable exception, providing each of her singers with a bio on her  urlLink webpage  (click on "Singer pages').   urlLink Features journalism  is on the case.   urlLink A king and his court ; urlLink The madness of said king ; urlLink some inexplicable crazy shit  that came up on page five of a google search on "backup singer."