that was a long entry, figured i'd split it up.      2. RJ left for nationals yesterday. so we drive out there and ben's already checked in and stuff. he packed all his stuff for five days including uniforms and stuff into one carry on duffle that still has room!! he is sooo not wearing underwear!! but like ya so the airport has alien messages or maps on the floor. i made cards for all the guys and ben liked his. i kinda left em in the car after dad dropped us off at the gate and had to walk to the car and get em. the airport has stupid style sense. rj's stupid and didn't know where i got my pictures when like half of them were from his moblog. even ben knew they were. btw, he had these uber nifty champion pants that were like my shorts, but pants. (shut up dru, i know i'm captain obvious!!!!) they paged travis on the intercom hehehehe me and dad saw him and his mom when we got starbucks. while we were gone billy and theresa showed up. it turns out this is only theresa's second time up in a plane!! wow. i would die if i never rode a plane until my son's nationals. guess i won't die though cuz my first time in a plane was when i was like three! i would probably be too freaked out to go i waited that long. but ya she liked billy's card and said she wanted to put it in a scrapbook. isn't she just the sweetest? ya and billy has to read that elie wiesel book too. so ya, we all chitchatted. then they went through security and all that good stuff. mum still had rj's magazine so she gave it to billy. theresa had to take off her shoes and all that good stuff. thank god i didn't go, cuz it would take a while to take off my ballerina shoes. oh ya, i wore my black and white hibiscus dress with my turquoise roxy tank and my pink roxy tee over it and my ballerina shoes. read tuesdays with morrie. sad book, good book. pissed me off :)drove home. nothing happened.     3. i babysat at the volunteer appreciation thing. sssoooo fun, kinda, well not really. ya so that's a no. one girl georgia is so gonna be a klepto when she grows up. she kept stealing everyone's food and sippy cups and knocked over a lot of juice. there were two adorable girls though. one was maggie who looked like sydney (her and her brother patrick matched with the whole red, white, and blue thing). and stacy who i kept calling grace but tracy and libby told me it was stacy, but i swear when her dad picked her up it sounded like tracy. then there was another kid named brendan who had an accident of the poopy sort and was alone in the bathroom and got it all over his legs then threw the diaper down and tried to wipe his butt off on the walls. ya , meagan (adultish chick who knows a buncha sta teachers including flip who had her baby) must have had fun with that cuz the girl with the very low cut dress and big eyes couldn't open the door to the other bathroom where she was alone and started crying. i know her pain. i remember how i couldn't get out of my room once. it was an epic journey filled with anger, frustration, and tears tears tears. Devin we're makin a movie!!!!  me tired and hungry. will leave now. byeizzle.