I've spent the last two evenings just...me.   Last night I watched "Red , White and Blonde," a girl-power movie if there ever was one. It's definately one I plan to add to my collection for those inevitable nights when I come home emotionally bruised from a tough day at school. There's just something about the way Elle Woods views the world that makes me believe that a pure heart can overcome any obstacle. Totally corny? Yes, I suppose so. But it works. (Just try to do the "bend and snap" alone in your living room without it putting huge smile on your face. C'mon, ya'll know you've done it, admit it!)  And uplifting movies have been my resounding choice of entertainment lately. Tonight was "Bruce Almighty," a really fabulous movie. Whenever I ever have one of those, "why-am-I-still-single-getting-closer-to-30-maybe-I-should-try-online-dating-again" thoughts, the way this movie ends reminds me of what I'm really waiting for and trusting in: that one day, when I least expect it, I will meet someone who will love me and treat me the way that all of us deserve...as the special and beautiful creations that we are. For those of you girls out there who see the end of your twenties rapidly approaching....SO WHAT!?! Don't settle for less than you really deserve. As some of you probably know, I know whereof I speak...  Okay, off the soapbox. Besides that, last night was eventful in another way. I finally, after literally stressing out about it for  months , had a talk with my roommate and it is offical:in two weeks time, she will be an ex-roommate. (Quick update for those not up to speed on my living situation. I decided to save some money by moving into the living room and subletting my bedroom. It sounds nuts, I know, but it's not such a bizarre thing here in NYC. Besides, it's just for a few months, until the teaching paychecks start rolling in.) Anyway, out with the old and in the with new. That's right, folks, I am giving the roommate game one more shot. Thanks to the Jennifer Lynns and AmyKatPat for showing me such that with the right people, a roommate situation can turn into a lasting friendship. (Hey, Conner, remember the Batman posters? Ha!)   This time the lucky winner is a girl from Ohio who actually has the money for rent saved in advance and only wants to stay a month or two while she finds her own place. Ah, the days of sleeping on my couch are coming to a close. There is truly a light at the end of my tunnel of financial suffering.   As for teaching program  urlLink NYCTF , the days are rapidly approaching towards summer training. I should get my university assignment next week! I had some schools email me about open positions today and will be sitting down to make some big decisions in the next week or so. Besides that, I'm also scheduled to attend my Spring Visit on Thursday. Spring Visit is like a Big Brothers/Big Sisters program for the Fellows. I was assigned to a current Fellow teaching in my region, and I get to go follow him around for a "day in the life" of a HS English teacher. I can't wait!