What a trip!   I just got back from Kingston to Waterloo, and the usually boring drive was a whole new adventure today. It just happens that the first 100 km or so (~70 miles for those not used to the metric system) of the way were covered with black ice. Yep, even the 401 (the 400 series of highways in Ontario are the equivalent of interstates in the U.S.). Take a map of Ontario, follow the 401 from Kingston to Cobourg - that's the stretch. All because of freezing rain. You know it's getting bad when you pass under a bridge and the tail of your car gets sideswept because of the wind. I saw nearly a dozen accidents during that stretch, even a fresh double one where a black Mustang ended in the ditch on the left and a white F-100 on the right. That makes it about one accident every 10 km. I bet the police must be happy... Not! But the road got much better after that, once I got into the dry Toronto area everything was a blitz. And since I was following the flow that meant that I was doing an average of 130 kph on that part, even through downtown Toronto, so I made it home about 1/2 hour faster than usual.  And before I forget, let me reiterate my utter hatred for those that cruise on the left lane.  Specially those that cruise at 90 kph in a 100 kph zone. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate those fucktards, may their erogenous zones be infested with the fleas of a thousand camels!  Whew, I feel better now.  Now to one thing I forgot on the last update: A little while ago Richard indicated on  urlLink his blog  that he had started Dungeon Siege, and I just wanted to agree with his statement that this game requires absolutely no mental activity. It's really  Diablo Light . There is no way to stray from the right path (since there is only one way to go) and one doesn't even have to worry about elemental strengths/weaknesses like in Diablo. Whether you hit an Ice Warrior with a fireball or an Ice Bolt doesn't matter, you will always do the same damage (for equal-strength spells, that is). Having said that, I got recently interested in Temple of Elemental Evil - It's supposed to be the most D&D - faithful game available. I might give it a try, if the specs on my laptop allow it.