We don't have Christmas in Islam, but we consider Jesus Christ (pbuh) as one of our prophets.  We don't celebrate the most important holiday in the Christian religion and here in the Philippines.  I decided to write about the Christmas season basically because I like the feeling that the season gives me.  No, I don't celebrate it, but Christmas is one of my favorite times of the year (second to Ramadhan and my birthday... Hehehe), especially here in the Philippines.  I like it when it's Christmas because everyone's just so happy and so giving.  My Christian brothers and sisters are just so happy and merry that they almost always forget their problems and issues during this time.  Enemies become friends (again) in Christmas.  And, most especially, families are together and try to forget their differences and reconcile... yes, all because of Chrismas.  Another thing is that the Christmas season always brings out the "good" in every one of my Christian brothers and sisters.  They share their blessings.  Now, some wouldn't normally give and share with others, but during this very special season, they are more than willing to give and share.  No one is ever grouchy.  The line in " Silver Bells " that says  "In the air, there's a feeling of Christmas..."  is very true.  It's like anywhere you go in this country (and probably in every Christian dominated country), you can feel the Christmas air.  I believe that Christmas truly is for giving and sharing.  It is a time when Christian people can, in a way, duplicate the goodness, sharing and giving that Jesus Christ showed during his lifetime.  After all, our Christian brothers and sisters believe that Christ gave his life for humanity.  Now, that is the greatest goodness or gift I could ever imagine.  Imagine giving your life just so your people will be saved?  I wonder if anyone is still capable of doing that in our times.  Christmas, to others, may mean gift-giving, Santa Claus, abundance of food, and all sorts of good things.  To me, Christmas is a time for introspection and genuine giving.  It is a time when people should give without expecting anything in return.  It is a time when people shouldn't only think of themselves, but think of everyone around them as well.  It is a time when people should see beauty in everything in this life, which is the greatest gift from God.  It is the time to start looking within oneself, one's soul, one's life.  And, whatever one gets and understands from Christmas is and should be carried on as one goes on through life.  And then, maybe, just maybe it will feel like Christmas all year long.  I may not be in the position to say all these things because having no Christmas I might not really understand it.  But, these are my thoughts about Christmas.  I may not celebrate it, but I sure am happy that others do... Seeing happy faces and goodness all around me never fails to give me hope- hope that the world still has so much goodness despite everything. And, one day, it might/will feel like Christmas every single day! :)