Well I cleaned out my comment board so you guys can leave new non-offensive comments.  Last night was fun.  I stayed out late had a lot to drink and overall a good time.  To begin with I only had 4 classes which rocked.  I think everyday should be like that.  Halloween day went better then I expected.  Korean kids are really quiet when they color, and that is what we did, color.  We also played a little Halloween bingo but that was really all.  I then met Caleb downtown and we grabbed some burgers at Bennagin's which was really good.  Hit the spot just perfect.  Caleb was also sporting the crazy red chicken outfit which was just badass.  I was a priest.  A little more subtle.  The foreigners seemed to get a kick out of my costume but I think it was more or less lost on the Koreans.  We then made our way to The Commune where we met up with everyone.  Hyun Min was out.  I haven't seen him since the last time he came out to The Commune, which was like three months ago.  He cut his hair, it looked good but I think I liked it better long.  But that's just me.  A group of us then broke off and went to Bellagio.  I just had more beer.  I got to meet Mazzlar (sp?) who seems nice enough.  He keeps calling my phone looking for Asma.  We then proceeded to Gypsy Rock where cage dancing madness ensued.  Here I asked Becky for advice and then threw it out the window, maybe I should have listened.  I'll know better next time.  Oh at some point before Gypsy Rock we went to Mojo's and Bubble Bar.  Bubble Bar is a pretty happening spot.  There were a lot of hot girls there.  I just wish it wasn't so fucking loud.  I meet a lot of people last night but I don't remember any of there names.  Oh well.  I remember the name of one of Hyun Min's friends, but that is only b/c his name is the same as my Korean name.  In the end it was New Blue.  Asma, Jeff, Brian and I shared some beef rice and they had some more lemon soju.  There as some really funny stuff said but I can't remember that either.  I  wasn't that drunk, just really tired.  I keep waking up ass early b/c of the curtain situation, or lack there of.   I got home around 4:30ish maybe and just hit the sack.  I slept well but not long enough.  I think I might have to take a nap before heading out.  Andrew was supposed to have some kind of going away party but nobody has told me anything.  I heard a rumor about Outback but I don't know.  Last I heard it was still undecided.  I hope today is as easy as yesterday.  I love easy days of work.