So yesterday, I'm reading the Houston Chronicle Sunday edition, because the NY Times Sunday edition was sold out at the grocery store next to my girlfriend's apartment. The lead story on A1 is about America's presence in the Middle East (go figure) and this article is fairly long (who woulda thunk?) and continues onto like A26 or something. On the second page of the article, some US under-general says, "The roads are treacherous; there's bombs absolutely everywhere. These people have nothing to fight for, so they're just fighting to hurt us. There's no rhyme or reason to their strategy."  (I'm paraphrasing, by the way... I don't really know if that was the exact quote, but that's the jist of it)  Doesn't that seem like Vietnam to you? Let's see - a war halfway around the world that we don't necessarily need to be in, or, at the very least, don't need to be in ANYMORE... hmmmm....   Johnson was from Texas, right? And came to the Oval Office through odd means (that some would argue he arranged to happen... hell, some at Dealey Plaza argue that)?  Bush is from Texas, right? And came to the Oval Office basically because the Supreme Court was full of people his father had appointed?   Odd.   America is a fuckin' odd place.  Honestly, though, why are we still in Iraq? We've been hearing for months now that there's no connection between Iraq and Al-Qaeda, yet we've been hearing for years that Al-Qaeda masterminded 9/11. The thing is, now there's all this talk (headline on cnn.com) that Election Day might be postponed as a "Doomsday plan" or some shit... why? Because there's "intelligence" (vague, governmental buzzword) coming "from somewhere" that indicates Al-Qaeda might be planning something. Word, they might. You know how we could stop them? Address THEM instead of Iraq.   Anyway, since I don't know that much about politics, I'm going to stop discussing politics at this juncture.  Shaq on the Heat (if it happens) probably shifts the balance of power to the East, but the NBA Title is a race between the Spurs and the TWolves, with the Pistons, Pacers, and Heat slugging it out in the East. Get ready for this shit, though: the Nuggets ("Nuggs" to stoners) are going to get the 4 seed in the West, if not this year than next. Especially if they add K-Mart... you're looking at a 5 of Miller, Melo, Camby, NeNe, KMart... sure, doesn't SOUND like a lot, but believe me, they'll be good. Grizzlies haven't lost anyone, either. Expect them to only get better.   Jessica Simpson is going to be Daisy Duke in "Dukes of Hazzard" movie, potentially with Ashton Kutcher and Paul Walker. WOW. That's all which can really be said.  I watched about 11 minutes of "Ready to Rumble" last night on TBS late night. Extremely underrated film, if you enjoy films about professional wrestling. It's a notch above "No Holds Barred" and somewhere below "Beyond the Mat" (which I've never seen, but have heard is excellent).  Question of the Day What would happen to society if lawyers and teachers switched salaries?