I don't really understand how my school publicizes Meet Your Teacher Day - they put it on the marquee in front of the school, sure... but what does that do? I mean, most of the kids that go to my school don't actually LIVE near my school (ironic, right?) Rather, because it's considered a halfway decent public elementary school (which has nothing - absolutely nothing - to do with my presence there), people list their grandmother or aunt or cousin as their permanent address, and thus get zoned for JW Oates. Hence, about 1/2 of our school is related in some manner.  Additionally, the coordinator of my school (essentially the Assistant Principal) had no idea how we publicize the event, which left me further confused.  Regardless, the point is... I always get burned on these things. Last year at "Meet Your Teacher Night" (a mid-September event), I got about 5 people. Last year at this event, I got about six. Today, I got 5. I got 1 girl that I taught last year - nice girl, very cute, dedicated to her family, but has something against effort. She almost never tries. See, if I knew what I was doing last year, I would have looked at her permanent folder and seen that all her previous teachers wrote "(Name) always says the assignment is too hard." I found that out the last week of school, after she did that to me all year. I should nurture her more this year - I got in her face a few times last year, yelling about how giving effort is more important than nothing at all.  In related news, I had one kid scream "I hate reading! I hate school!" while in my presence. I thought to myself, "Wow, should be a fun year..."  My room looks nice, I'll give myself credit for that (vaguely). I basically tried to be as simplistic as possible this year, as opposed to all the RAH RAH RAH messages I employed last year - "Together Everyone Achieves More (TEAM)" and "Work Hard, Play Hard, Get Smart." This year I'm just gonna teach, and try to avoid all the bullshit. I'll discipline when necessary, but if a kid can't deal with it - they usually can't - I'm just going to press ahead.  My question of the day should be, "Who tells these kids what school is for?" I guarantee you on the first day this Monday, about 8 of 15 kids in my class have a toy of some kind. Why? Why would you POSSIBLY need a toy at school, where you're supposed to "learn?" I don't remember bringing toys to school unless the teacher explicitly stated we could, but then again, I suppose I'm comparing apples and oranges, right?  Saw my girlfriend at lunch of her MCATs. I felt really bad, because the girl busts her ass day in and day out, and then doesn't feel as confident on the actual test. I hate it when effort isn't rewarded, especially long, pronounced effort. She's taking the second portion right now - I hope she kicks it in the ass, because she is capable of it and she deserves to succeed on that test.  Man, I can't believe school starts on Monday and doesn't end until May of 2005... wow...