i'm losing my mind.  i've slept 19.5 hours of the last like 131.  tonight i'm guessing i'll be up til 4ish again because complex is due tomorrow.  the only thing that's keeping me going is the occasional giant size cup of caffeine i'm giving myself like every 6 hours... venti white chocolate peppermint mocha at 5ish means i'm due for some hot cider again soon.  i think i'm driving the people crazy too.  i feel like my life is out of control this semester, and now that it's all sped up for finals and stuff i've gone a little out of control too.  this is a different topic for either later or when i'm more awake.  on a lighter note, hark the title for this entry... i just got back from dinner with the people and since i had left my complex homework/final at home, i wrote messed up christmas carols about the people while they cooked and/or worked around me (i helped a little with the cooking too, so i wasn't a *total* gimp).  here are the ones i wrote as best as i can remember... enjoy =P  joy to the world, colleen's so cool don't think so? you're a fool! she's oh so smart, and oh so fun! i'm glad that she's my friend i'm glad that she's my friend i'm glad, i'm glad that she's my friend  jingle bells, jingle bells leigh is super cool she sings christmas songs with me and drinks starbucks round the yule jingle bells, jingle bells leigh's my friend, it's true she's super smart and super nice hanging with her's a blast too  hark the herald pizzas sing scott's got a cell phone that rings his soul is black but turning blue he's learning trivia 'bout italian food homework, he can do a lot but about computers he knows naught hark the herald pizzas sing scott's got a cell phone that rings  ...and the all time best one (for now)...  eric the red-nosed grad student had a very shiny coat and if you ever saw it you would even say it glows all of the other grad students wanted some of eric's brains they never let poor eric skip out of any homework games then one windy Jersey eve Sussmann came to say "eric with your brain so big, here's an A for you, and a fig" then how the professors loved him and they shouted out with glee, "eric the red-nosed grad student, you'll soon be a Ph.D.!"  dude... as you laugh away, you can just see my brain cells rotting away from lack of sleep... complex time. later.