You'll forgive me, but this blog has been written under the influence.  (You may speculate.)  I gardened earlier today.  Ripped all the weeds out of a small garden, and planted daylilies ($3 from Krogers!).  All the weeds, that is, except these two, enormous wild grape stumps (of no use to anyone, really), which must have been tree-like before they were cut to the ground.  Anyway, my sorry little shovel is too weak to slice through their tree-like roots.  So the lilies (and the wild grape) remain.  I was looking for a procrastination option (having exhausted all other avenues), when I happened to glance out the livingroom window.  And there it was!  A local newspaper (Cincinnati Enquirer)!  Begging to be taken in and perused.  (You know, only in bloggs and pre-1960's b-list fiction do people use the word perused.)  So I perused it, just like it wanted me to, the dirty...sorry.  So I perused it, and found this column by one Walter E. Williams, hereinafter referred to as Mephistophilies (which I won't be using again, being entirely uncertain about my ability to reproduce so many letters in an uncertain order).   urlLink  (here)   I'm embarassed to note that the man is African American (I expect better than that from a person representing a minority group in the U.S.--talk about blaming the victim!).  I don't usually get political, but c'mon!  There was something I wanted to blog about TM and Juan, but damned if I can remember what it was...  OK, here's something I liked (and continue to like) about TM:  he listens.  More than he talks.  In the several cyberdates (I think I forgot to mention one--you can imagine how special it must have been?) (and now, a cyberrelationship) I've had, not one has asked me anywhere near the number of questions I have asked him.  They/He just talk and talk about themselves (all the while insisting that there's so much they want to know about me), never asking the least question about me.  But TM, is so hypervigilant about his privacy and avoidance of an exclusive relationship with me, he volunteered very little information about himself, always listening carefully, asking questions, and generally, avoiding any indepth conversation focused on him (and his fucking intentions).  But who knew being listened to would be such a turn on!  If they only knew.  Well, I *can* blog under the influence.  Whodathunkit?