Yesterday, my co-worker got me a vanilla latte.  She's so sweet.  She didn't have to do that.  It kept me awake longer than I expected, but that's OK.  LOL.  Good intentions, and desires for thing can come with a price.  Latte's are dangerous.  They placed a spell on me, and that Starbucks has me hook, line & sinker.    Today I tried to put in my contacts when it seemed everyone was content with bothering me, and insisting on answers.  To make matters worse, I lost the left eye contact.  I am so pissed!!!!!!  The good news was that the lenses were disposable, and it is the last week for them, as I have a fresh pair ready to go.  What makes me upset is that I was in the batroom with the door closed.  Why the hell would anyone want to bother me then?  As I ask that question, I realize that people feel a strong need to feel secure, and I happened to to be the blanket to their Linus.   No use crying over spoiled milk, so I grabbed my glasses and went to work.   I did leave a soda in the fridge, and had to call back home for someone to remove it.   I totally forgot, and was glad it hit me when it did.   I had a meeting about the new format for the e-res pages.  Boy, that meeting was 45 mins. too long.  It lasted an hour.  It was so dry, that I started drawing all over the pages I was supposed to be taking notes on.   I've been doing e-res stuff for 3 1/2 years now.  I had the basics down.  The updated version simply looks different.  I told my boss it was too long, and he agreed.    Have to meet with one of my instructors on a review of my portfolio.  It's a step in the right direction, so I want the best feedback.  I will get this portfolio launced soon!   Burgers and fries were on the menu today, as I ate them.  I was luck I was in a room by myself, as I belched so loud, I felt that in my chest.  Lord, it was a relief.  LOL.  Thankfully nobody heard me (or so I think).  I said "excuse me" politely.  Pratice makes perfect.         Tip of the Day:  "Don't add sugar to your lattes."    It will only agitate you more than usual.  LOL      Song of the Day:   " Happiness "   by Vanessa Williams.  It's such a bubbly song, and so cheerful.  It stays with you for some time.