I'm readying myself for a weekend away with five friends from high school.  We're "celebrating" the fact that we all turn 40 this year, although one of us will be 41 next week, and another won't be 40 until September.  Still, it's a wonderful reason to get away from spouses and kids to shop, eat, drink, and gossip for three days.  I marvel that I have been friends with these women for well over 25 years.  Anyway, among the trinkets I'm putting together for the weekend, I have created a three-CD set of music from our youth, and I'm burning copies for everyone.  I've found almost four hours of music that are truly "blasts from the past."  Everything has to be before 1982, the year we graduated from high school.  I could have included more music, but I think it would have cost me more time and money than I care to spend.  As it is, I have spent hours on Rhapsody and Napster collecting these songs, and I still don't have some of the music I wanted.  I do think I have come up with an admirable sampling.  When I listen to some of the songs, it shoots me right back to definitive places and times when I heard them as a teen.  I can  remember riding in a van full of teenagers on a the way to a swing choir competition, dividing up the parts and singing  Black Water  by the Doobie Brothers as we drove through a snowstorm.  I remember the first time I heard  Point of Know  return by Kansas when I sat on the waterbed of the brother of my first boyfriend while he played it for me.  I vividly recall being in Jim Johnston's truck after he got off of work at the Goodrich Ice Cream Shop and listening to  Open Arms  by Journey, trying to figure out whether he liked me as a friend or "more than a friend."  I can see myself dancing with my friends to  You Better You Bet  by the Who and  Greased Lightning  from the  Grease  soundtrack.  The one song I really wanted was Amii Stewart's remark of  Knock on Wood , as I was always pummelled during dances with that song, my maiden name being "Wood."  Isn't it amazing how music has the ability to take us back to both good and bad places?  Whenever I hear  Mandy  by Barry Manilow, I always feel the sadness I felt about the death of our beagle Mandy who was hit by a car when that song was popular.  Hearing  She Bop  by Cyndi Lauper reminds me of my wild college days, and I can see myself at a bar grabbing this cute med students because I just "had to dance" - something that was totally out of character for me.  Thankfully, time is kind and most songs don't have the pang of negative emotion they once held.  I can listen to the  Glory of Love  by Peter Cetera and not feel sad about the stupid boy I was with when it was "our song."  I wonder if I will keep making "soundtracks", or am a relegated to the soundtrack of my youth?