Since my last post about Fahrenheit 9/11 (which again...EVERYONE should go see), I've read some more reviews and comments on the movie. I thought about adding these additional thoughts of mine to the original post below, but I decided it to add a new post.  I've noticed a lot of people criticizing the movie because although it shows American brutality in Iraq it fails to show the brutality of the terrorists who are harming America. In fact, one Midwestern chain is  urlLink refusing to show the film  because of this apparent one sided-ness. Moore, for example shows U.S. soldiers inflicting pain on innocent Iraqi people, but does not show footage of 9/11 (he shows instead a blank black screen where we hear the sounds of terror but do not see it) or footage of American soldiers being beheaded by Saudi terrorists. Therefore, this line of reasoning goes, the movie supports terrorism and the terrorists, and is a leftist one sided attack on American sensibilities.   I agree that the movie is definitely agenda filled. The problem I have with this line of reasoning against the movie is that, it simply misses the point. The point of the movie is that the Iraqi people have nothing to do with September 11 or other acts of terrorism against Americans. Many people seem to be failing to grasp that these acts of terrorism are not important for the war in Iraq because they have nothing to do with the war in Iraq In fact, the movie is quite critical of Bush's lackadaisical approach to Afghanistan and the Taliban post (and pre) Sept 11 (for example he notes that only 11,000 troops were actually sent to Afghanistan, a number that is fewer than the amount of cops in NYC.) He clearly doesn't believe that terrorists should be allowed to roam free and plot to destroy more Americans. Rather, he argues that Bush's foreign policies did a bad job of actually fighting terrorists and terrorism, and the "war on terror" is just an easy way to sell a pre-panned war with Iraq to the American people.   In fact, the war with Iraq seems like a step backward in the war on terror. According to a recent article in  urlLink Time  since the U.S. invasion, Iraq has become an even more fertile breeding ground for Jihadists. The war has incited more hatred and given more fuel to the terrorists, rather than doing anything positive to fight terrorists and terrorism.   So yeah, like I said before, go see Farheneit 9/11 and think a little bit about the issues and our country and the policies of our leaders.   urlLink  postCount('108896775093031578');