I am back in Alberta right now, visiting my family who is dangerously close to pushing me off the edge.  I am also bored out of my tree. Last night, I went to the local lounge with my two remaining high school friends, and some of the people they are spending their time with.  Jamie is amazing - I think the reason that we are still friends is that she didn't put up with the bullshit from the mean girls we were friends with in HS, and I was weird, but still accepted because the most popular girl in school was my best friend back in the day.  In sum, we were both outsiders.    It turns out that me more than her these days.  I get alot of stares when I go back to my hometown.  I think that everyone thinks I am better than them - which I don't in the least. Well, when it comes to their inappropriate use of the word ironic, I do.  But really, how can I judge when the youth were educated by Alanis, who wrote a song about it and still doesn't know what irony is?  Anyway, the local was alright - alot of gossip about people I don't know, or don't know *anymore*.  Then Matthew came by.  I had an after-school job with Matt when we were in high school, and I love him to death still.  We would be a couple if I still lived here, he's so lovely.  We didn't have the same social circle in high school, but Jamie is our link now.  When we were moving from the local lounge to the local pub, Matt was driving his new VW Gulf, and Jamie had some bud and a pipe.  Matt and his friend, Dustin, joined in, and it was a blissful moment.  When everyone around is someone you like, and they don't care who you were in HS, and they understand that things are the way they are - Going to grad school was not a rejection of them, just as getting married or working construction was not a rejection of me.  Letting the roof of the car open up, there was a nice waft of smoke out, and for the first time in ages, I didn't feel like an alien in my home town.  Stare all you like - I am almost the person I want to be.  And closer than I ever dared while living in Slave Lake.  Matt and I once had a conversation about sex at the Deli we worked in.  We were 16 or 17, and his sister's best friend has just told him how she had slept with this guy who came 4 minutes after he penetrated, and Matt was telling this as a funny story.  We were both virgins, and I warned him that he shouldn't judge, because I wasn't convinced he could do better.  He countered that he would be able to last way longer, and when we were adults, and no longer virgins, we would have sex and he would show me.  I tell this story, not because we had sex, or I want to have sex with him now, but because it is so quintessentially Matt. Vulgar, yet charming and lovely.  I wish Matt and Jamie would move to Halifax. Then it would be a great city.