I am so high-strung, and wired right now. And it's the  AFTER EFFECT . So right now, I'm still trying to calm myself down.   5th period, we had to go to the library/computer lab to do our LBD presentations. Desirae, Nikki, Caleb, and I were SO loud hah. The old librarian had to come, and yell at us. When we wouldn't shut up, she went to Mrs. Green who had to tell us to shush up. Anyway, Dezi and I finished our deal of the project, which was flyers. :)   What I didn't realize was that there had been around class in the library, because the computer lab is in the back, and hidden from the main part of the library. I finally stepped out from where my group was working (the first row of computers, and there were these metal things that kept making us all fall over, LOL. Good times, because Caleb kept talking like he was James Bond.), and scanned the library for someone I knew, right? Surprise, surprise.   Cesar was there. I started hyperventilating, which is bad. Chantal said I looked too excited. *cough cough* Maybe I was. Anyway, I told Sana, and Chantal who finally got to see him. Yeah, Chantal started cracking up when she saw Cesar. *dies* Oh! And we were waiting by the little gates thing for the bell to ring, and Cesar was right there. Diana, Guria, and I were standing right by where he was (okay, only right NEXT to him, so obvious) and he waved hello to me. Guria got a glimpse of him! ^.^ The loser said that she's seen him around school before.   In 6th period, we had a computer test. :( I got 56/60. Stupid Mr. Martinez. He took off points, because I didn't put "highlight the damn word" in my answer. Please die now, kthx. I felt so bad for Cesar, because he knew almost none of the answers to the test. He freaked me out, because the room was quiet except for typing sounds, and he slammed our table. :( Anyway, we were talking, and stuff, and he said some weird things about Guria. *DIES!* Will not repeat things. Omg, and then we were the last ones again (it's getting to be a bad habit), I dunno. I think he has a strange feeling that I like him? He hasn't said anything, but he acts the same towards me. *insert profound thought*   *crickets*  So! He went through Ms. Rosa's room instead of the hallway of Mrs. Goldsmith's room. *cues sad violin music* Jolanda wanted to see him, and so did Nikki. We went outside to wait for him, and five minutes later, it's Cesar's pizza. *snorts* He sees me, Jo, and Nikki and yells out to me, "ARE YOU STALKING ME NOW?!". *dies!*   Everyone and their mom saw him today. Muurh. I'm glad he doesn't hang out with our circle of friends (zee smart sophomores), because I know everyone would so bug him, and stuff. Plus, he's not that ... smart. Hi, he couldn't even pass a computer test.  Computer test.  Once, I told him he should be a writer, because he has such a wild imagination. He would make a kickass writer, if he could find the words. That's where I come in. :)  God, I like too much for my own sanity. For his sake, and mine, I need to stop obsessing. Gah! Blasphemy!  The main cause over spazztastic day was Mock Trial. Walks into AP World History (aka 1st period), and first thing out of people's mouth, "Nervous about mock trial?!". *screams* I am so sick of that club now. In fact, I am SO sick of every little thing in the world.   Today, I had to make the opening statement for prosecution. I nearly puked out my guts from nervousness. I seriously was shaking in fear. Yeah, and we've got to do this  again  next week. *groans, moans, dies* I'm so scared, and unprepared. Effin' people!   That was my extremely (un)eventful day. :)   PS-Took me an hour to write this! GASP!