I went to church this morning with my family like a good girl. An elderly couple two rows  up from us announced it was their 59th wedding anniversary. There were lots of oohs and ahhs and my cousin Roger who was sitting behind me said, "Most people don't last a year anymore" and everyone laughed and agreed with him. I turned around and said, "I can't keep anyone a month!" and I laughed. By myself. No one else laughed with me. They just looked at poor pathetic terminally single Melinda.  The thing is I've decided you might as well laugh as cry. It's become an almost running joke with my friends and family that I can't seem to keep a steady relationship. Maybe it's something I should be seeking counseling for but really it isn't my fault. In the past year: Brad* didn't want a relationship, Steven* was a little too boring, Daniel* lives in another state and Kris* just put me "on hold".  None of these were my fault. So there's no point in feeling hopeless and depressed for me. I don't. Oh yeah, I'll admit, for a couple of days after the end hits I might mope, weep, eat ice cream, and cruise with the top down cursing loudly with my best friend. But then it's all ok.  This makes me think of my favorite Lonestar song called "Heartbroke". This was before "Amazed" came along when they were unknown and John Rich half of today's obnoxious duo Big and Rich was the lead singer. The song's chorus says  Don't you know/I'd get my heartbroke every day if I could.   I used to think, how bizarre. But now I kind of get it. There's always the fun stuff, the good stuff that happens before you get your heartbroke. The giggling and the daydreaming and the hearts doodled during staff meetings. That's the cool part. And I'm sure there are people out there who never get to go through that. So, it's my new attitude to think positively from now on when I get dumped, ditched or dissed.  Somebody remind me of this when I go from being 'on hold' to being a 'dropped call'.  *Names changed to protect the guilty.   My Brickyard Thoughts: Jeff Gordon took off with this one and never looked back. I had my fingers crossed that he would have an engine prob like his...um teammate Jimmie but alas it didn't happen. There was a little more action this year as there actually was some passing going on. Unfortunately, a lot of the action was due to cut tires. Robby Gordon tested my pledge to be nice to him by insisting on keeping his car on the track until his left front was on fire rather than pitting when it first cut down.  My guys' finishes: Tony 5th, Bobby 15th (I know this from   urlLink  www.thatsracin.com    not because I actually saw him on the track anywhere), and Terry 39th as a result of being an innocent victim of circumstance.