Yippee!  After money long, long, loooong days my laptop is fixed. I have been on a downloading frenzy, clocking up about 200 MB of downloads in 2 nights. The hard drive broke, and I had to get a new one so I have to re-download all of my stuff which I didn't bother backing up (which constituted pretty much  everything  I downloaded).  I borrowed David's collection of "Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 2040" episodes and watched all 26 non-stop. It was fun, but I don't think I'll be doing it again. Instead, I want to watch all 26 episodes of "Fruits Basket" (yes, that is how you spell it) non-stop. Fruits Basket is:  "A charming and touching comedy/drama that tells the story of a young girl, Tohru Honda and her friendships with the Sohma family. The Sohma's are a wealthy family with a dark secret; a curse that causes the young members to change into the 12 animals of the Chinese Zodiac when hugged by a member of the opposite sex." (or so say the note on my download)  So far I've downloaded 17.5 MB of Fruits Basket... out of 5.88 GB (yes, GIGAbytes). The estimated time remaining is 22 days, and that's non-stop computer downloading, constant phone line use, etc. This may take a while. Hopefully I can get it to focus its downloading on the first episode, then the second, etc because the download is all 26 episodes combined in a folder, not 26 seperate ones as you would think.  At school today we had to fill in some forms with a 2B pencil, then sign it. For the record, I  am  an Australian citizen, I  am not  an overseas student on a visa thingy, I  am not  of Aboriginal or Torres Straight Islander descent, and all of the above details  are  correct.  Lily's back from France. She's been showing everyone photos, and posters, and her phone, and what not. I had a big SMS convo with her on... Thursday? night which left me with less than $2 credit on my phone.  Did I mention I've missed my laptop?  Hawkin's had hish birthday party yesterday. I got him a 'birthday' card that said "Get Well Soon" and inside I wrote "Happy 15th Birthday". And his present was an elegantly wrapped set of  FIVE CHARRED TOOTHPICKS  (and fifteen bucks). He was over the moon. Paul got him this gay little car with L plates on it, then proceeded to play with the car for 5 minutes while we all looked at him. His birthday card for Hawkins had a picture of a dog on the front and it said "You are BIGGER than ANYTHING." I pointed out how wrong that sounded coming from Paul of all people. Paul was also the only person invited who did not give Hawkins $15, instead giving him $10. Jordan nearly showed up late to the party so he could do his homework. Cartledge was there too.  As of now I've downloaded 0.2% of Fruits Basket - Dual Audio Dvd Rip. (The Dual Audio cool! When you play it you can choose between the original Japanese audio and the dubbed English audio. There's also subtitles available, so if you wanted you could put it on in Japanese, turn on the subtitles, and watch the original! People have said though that the quality of the dubbing is excellent, with great voice actors who really work well together. And the DVD Rip, that just means they got it from the Fruits Basket DVD's as opposed to say a TV Rip.)  Intro Calc test this week I think, and it's one of Mr Durdan's ones (eg, 50% of the class will FAIL it...) English Lit inclass essay was to be this Friday, but was postponed until next Friday because Ms Merrey's not going to be there, so it's rather convenient to have something easy set up.  Shelli had a hangover on Monday. She had to leave during Drama because she was so sick. Today Mr Sharpe asked what night "the poisoning" occured. Now she's trying to figure out who told him that she had a hangover. Frankly he could've heard it from anywhere. He probably knew before Geography (period 8) anyway. I won't say Shelli's last name in case someone does a Google search on her in 5 years time and the only thing that comes up is the hangover she got in 2004, though I'm not particularly worried as it isn't exactly a big secret.  I have not done any work in Physics for two days now, due to the phenomenon of Relief Teachers. Not that I do enourmous amounts of work in Physics anyway. In G&T I actually did some work today, but that was only cause another class had to use our room, so we went into Room 1, where the tables are (still) in groups of 3 along the right hand side. Jordan, Hawkins and Cartledge sat down together and I was all alone, and therefore could not pawn answers off of Hawkins. However, I ended up in front of all of them (except Jordan, who always does his homework plus an extra 5 to 10 questions) and they were asking me for help, so ha!  On the day before exams my calculator broke (smashed screen, totally shattered, of absolutley no use or value, and no warranty coverage). So I sent it back and they gave me another one! The little post-it said "Replaced: Faulty". And on the piece of paper attached to the post-it it said "Remember, your warrantly  DOES NOT COVER BROKEN SCREENS . Someone supernatural deity must like me. But my new HP 39G+ is different to everyone elses. It has an orange shift button, which is REALLY crappy because they also wrote what happens when you use shift on a button (eg, the pi above the number 3) in orange too, and you cannot read it at all. Stupid, stupid designers.  Night everyone.