The three years at Texas Tech were a tumultuous time. Whereas I had previously been very sure that I wanted to be a physicist, I suddenly discovered it did not appeal to me and I was unsure about my future. I double majored in history and philosophy and loved both fields. I took wonderful history classes in European and American history – developing a love for Native American and Environmental history, but thoroughly enjoying my classes in the Protestant Reformation and Women in European History and the history of Science. Philosophy was equally thrilling and exposed me to ethics, aesthetics and logic. I was riled up by many a discussion and thought I would write a book  about ethics and morals. I learned a lot about writing in history and philosophy (especially from one eccentric philosopher who commented sternly in my papers).   At the end of my fourth year, I took a Prehistory of Texas (archaeology) class. Extra credit for this class included an opportunity to go to Seminole Canyon state park and record rock art. The people who had gathered to record the rock art were members of the Texas Archaeological Society and came from a variety of backgrounds and were primarily in their 70s and full of life. We photographed and sketched the rock art on the canyon walls surrounded by the beautiful Transpecos desert landscape which was in full bloom. The joy effervescing from the people, the rock art whispering of prehistoric beliefs and lifeways, and the tremendous beauty of the desert overwhelmed me and I knew archaeology was for me. I went out on every possible volunteer opportunity to record rock art and excavate. That summer, I attended the Texas Tech Archaeological field school in San Saba county. I learned the basics of survey and excavation as well as how to maintain a field camp. Later that summer, I worked in Austin on the Burned Rock Midden Project, a lab job where I learned a good deal about artifacts and procedures. I graduated in May and immediately began my journey into the world of professional archaeology.  After I graduated, I immediately went to work for Texas Parks and Wildlife in Austin in their archaeology lab. I worked mostly with historic materials (lots of metal and glass) and found love and heartbreak in Austin. Only half a year later, I was hired for an excavation in Northeast Texas. The site turned out to be one of the largest Caddoan village sites ever found. That excavation took a year of my life, living in Longview, Texas. I made a number of friends, played a lot of pool, sung a little karoke, and learned a tremendous amount about excavating the stains left by the posts of Caddo houses and troweling very hard baked red clay. This Caddoan village site, the Oak Hill Village site, was located on Texas Utility Mining Company (TUMCO) property. It was originally thought to be a small site with a midden (trash dump) and not a significant site. It turned out to have over 40 structures and ended up costing TUMCO a lot more than they had planned . . . upon learning this, TUMCO unceremoniously told us to quit digging, pack up, and leave. Under Federal laws, TUMCO is required to assess the cultural resources on its property and to mitigate (dig) sites of any significance or to leave them undisturbed. With the ballooning costs of the excavation, TUMCO suddenly thought it would be better to fence the site off and leave it unexcavated. This was a knee-jerk reaction and about three months later they brought us back out to finish the excavation since the cost they had already put in would be paid for by the lignite coal they could extract.   But in those three months (in the heart of summer) I went to Kickapoo Caverns State Park in West Texas. This was a survey of all the parks property. It was rugged, rocky, hilly, and all the vegetation had thorns and claws. There were snakes and scorpions and ticks. We lived in a bunk house on the park and were surrounded by all sorts of insect life (like the kissing bug which carries a frightening parastite called e. cruzii). We also were surrounded by some extraordinarily colorful birds, vermillion fly catchers, painted buntings, vireos, hummingbirds, red and zone tailed hawks, vultures and more. We found caves with Mexican freetail bats who left en masse at dusk. We found the debris from making stone tools on the tops of ridges where the one could get a good look at the land and, at the confluences of rivers, we found large mounds of burned rock where people in the past had cooked up various plants and animals. We also found the heat scorching and did our best to get a days work in before noon. It was a very hard but very rewarding environment. Following that, I went back up to finish the Caddoan site—another 4 months or so of mapping post stains encircling hearths with 16-row corn.