I was fortunate enough to visit Aaron and Christina's church tonight.  Here's how it went down.  Christine and I arrive a little early and met a few people in the kitchen with Aaron sitting in the family room.  The whole room was full of chairs with a few candles lit.  A few more people shuffled through the door.  Christina showed up around seven and started cooking ziti pasta with shrimp.  There about 3 girls I've never really met, along with a few others I'm just getting to know.  About a dozen were there.  Eventually dinner was served and the kitchen got crowded with people just conversing as the line was served.  They had an actual dinner table set up in the next where a small group of people gathered for the meal.  The rest of us sat in the family room.  It was delicious!  I think everyone had seconds.  The conversations continued, mostly in pairs or groups of three.  No one was left out.  Christina then brought out some Italian cheesecake.  MMMMM . . . boy!    Once everyone finished up, Aaron welcomed everyone and had Tyler read the central prayer of their house church.  Then the music started.  Michael Whitehouse started strumming "Everything" by Coldplay and "Let everything that has breath" by Sixpence.  Everyone sang along.  Three girls stood off the side at the entrance of the hallway dancing.  Others bopped their heads with their eyes closed.  The voices billowed with brief prayers between songs.  We even got to be quiet and listen to God.  Jen (new girl) sang a short line from a Shane Bernard song.  It was sweet.  She sang it over and over and asked others to join in and they did.  Evenually Ali picked up her guitar and led a few songs with her breathy, soothing voice.  I was blown away by her ability to, not only sing, to not only play a good rhythm, but to really lead people with subtle direction.  Her enthusiasm and heart-felt words made me want to sing!  Aaron fathered the group well, addressing the group then he needed to and letting it go and do its own thing.  This church definitely has a strong streak of Charismatic flavor, probably more than most house churches we will see at The Shack.  I couldn't stay for the teaching, but before I left I couldn't help but interupt them with an encouragement.  They wouldn't let me leave without gathering around me and praying for me.  I was sad to go.  It was as if I was being sent to war.  It was family.   And that was my first visit to a Shack Community house church.  It is very clear that each house church is going to be SO unique from all the others.  This excites me.  These things are going to touch so many different types of people.  It is as it should be.