In the real world, I'd like to think of myself as somewhat of a movie buff.  I have a strong appreciation for many different films of all genres, and that's something that I take a lot of pride in.  The humbling factor about all of this is that I know that somewhere in this world, there are about two to ten million  other people whom are actually more qualified at calling themselves 'movie buffs' than I am.  Once in a while, a great movie will slip by my presence unnoticed; journeying from the screens of movie theaters, to the shelves of movie stores, and finally winding up in discounted DVD bins.  The movie that I 'discovered' this past weekend was director Richard Kelly's first effort "Donnie Darko".  I picked this up at my local FYE (For Your Entertainment) for $14.99, and I proceeded to watch it three times in a 48 hour period.  I was blown away by the content and the presentation every single time.  The last time I paid this much attention to a movie was with Sam Mendes' "American Beauty" back in 1999,   and even though I may just be in the heat of the moment, but I think that DD is as good, IF NOT BETTER THAN American Beauty.    Donnie Darko stars Jake Gyllenhaal as the title character, and the film primarily concerns itself with one major concept: time travel.  Think of the Back to the Future trilogy as you know it, but make Marty McFly a private school teenager with a lot of angst, a tendency to sleepwalk, and emotionally disturbed.  Throw in the presence/guidance of Frank the evil bunny as the replacement for Christopher Lloyd's Doc Brown, and you've got yourself a very dark Back to the Future.    I've tried to explain this movie to my fiance and to several co-workers this morning, but I just can't find the right words that do this film justice.  It's about time travel and insanity, justice and sacrifice, and what would a movie be without the classic comic book 'save the universe' dilemma?  After watching DD for the third time last night, I went to www.donniedarko.com and completed a some questions/activities to access materials that make the movie more understanding.  I love stuff like this, where I have to build a bridge between the movie and the internet (or other resources) in order to further comprehend what's going on in the film.  If there is ever an opportunity for you to at least watch this film, do not pass it up.  As I watched it, I couldn't help but be reminded of movies like Memento because they both rely so much on the precision of their plotlines.  This is a thinking-man's (or woman's) movie, and I urge you to watch it if you can.