from: brett mills  sent: wednesday, 28 july 2004 1.47pm  subject: my adventures part 13   Well Hello everyone.   Another month has past which brings me up to 6 months living here in Japan.  I have now extended my Visa for a further 6 months, so I wont be home until January next year or possibly even a further 6 months after that. July 2005.   It has been a busy month, and I thought I would write to tell you all what I have been doing. There are lots of new faces around, which is great and I have had to say goodbye to a lot of close friends. The girls, Emma and Jess, who lived upstairs have gone back to OZ. It was sad to say goodbye to them, but they seem to be having a good time getting on with their lives at home, as am I here. My flat mate moved out, no great loss there, although we were actually starting to speak to each other in the end. I now have a new flatmate. Eric from America. Yes another annoying American. He is actually pretty cool and we have lots of laughs together. He has become a close friend. Two of my friends that I met at Orientation, Kylie and Allisyn have asked to be transferred to other cities, so they will be leaving in September. Allisyn and I have become quite close these past few months, so I will be sad to see her go. I will be sad to see Kylie go too.  urlLink Emma   urlLink Jess   urlLink Eric   urlLink Allisyn and Kylie   My adventures this month have taken me to Innuyama, which is a small city near Gifu, where I live. It has the only original castle in the country.  The only one that was not destroyed in any wars or fires etc. So that was nice to go to. I also visited another temple in the area and went to my first Tea House for green tea. Delicious.   urlLink Innuyama Castle   urlLink Emma and Motto   I also went to a bbq with some friends in a park. Very interesting and fun. Of course over here, grass is a rare thing, even in a park. There is just dirt, so no laying in the sun on the grass here. At the park were a heap of kids playing soccer, so we Gaijin (foreigners) decided to join in. It was so much fun running around with them, then at half time they came over to our spot and had some drinks and chips. Parents would drive past and tell the kids its time to go, but they said no, I will come home later. The parents were fine with it. They were safe with us. I think.   urlLink Playing Soccer in the park   I went to a Japanese cultural festival and watched Karate, made some origami, learnt the art of tea ceremony and flower aranging, which was a lot of fun too.   urlLink Tea Ceremony   urlLink My Flower Arrangement   I went to a Sumo match a couple of weeks ago. 5 hours of watching big fatties try to push each other outside a rope circle. Of course it was more interesting than that, but thats the basics of the game. It is actually quite fun to watch, especially toward the end when the really good wrestlers come out and put on a show for the crowd.   urlLink Sumo   One thing Gifu is famous for is the Commorant fishing. This is a hundreds of years old tradition, where two men dressed in special clothing go out in a woden boat and about 20 Commorant birds that have a ring around there neck and rope that the fisherman holds onto. The birds then catch fish, but due to the ring, they cant swallow it. Another guy gets the bird and takes the  fish out of its mouth. Quite cruel if you think about it, but as it is a traditional thng, I guess its ok.  A few of us took some beers and fireworks and sat on the pebble bank next to the river where they do this and watched and let of our firworks. You can go out on a different boat that follows the fishermen to see up close what they are doing. I am planning that in the future.   urlLink Commorant Fishing   Last week I went to a small festival which was to celebrate two stars that come together. It was a four day event and I went on the final day. I watched some dancing and looked around. It was like a small carnival in the streets of a city. Again, lots of fun.   I have now started my second job teaching in Nagoya. I work for 2 hours on Monday night and 1 hour on Tuesday morning. Its pretty easy and the students there are a lot of fun. There are no kids, just adults either doing it for a hobby, for work or to travel. Its about $25 per hour plus  they pay for transport, so thats good. Although I was supposed to go in one day to pick up some paper work, but totally forgot. They rang me and said where are you, just then the penny dropped and I apologised prefusly. Not a good start. But they seem to like me now.   Speaking of work, Nova has been annoying me a little lately. It all started a few weeks ago when a Japanese staff member came up to me and said sign this. Nothing else. I read it and it was to work at another school for two days a week for 1 month. I didnt mind doing that, but was quite annoyed that no one asked me to do this or atleast had the decensee to speak to me about it. That month has not been extended to 2 months. But I actually like the school, so its all good. Then last week I was told that I am going to be transferred permantely to another school. Again, no talking to me about it, just here it is, this is whats happening. This is a different school to the help ship that I am doing two days a week. I know all the teachers there, so agian it should be ok. I just wish they knew how to treat people with respect. Maybe I should do a lesson on that.   Anyway with the school I work at two days a week, it is a big kids school. So there fore I have to teach classes of up to 8 kids ranging from about 5 to 12. The small kids are good, the bigs kids are also good, but the ones in between have been causing me a little bit of stress. They dont listen.  Im sure they have never been disciplined in their lives. They dont speak English. They can speak a little but they think it is funny to speak in Japanese about me, like calling me Bukka Sensai (Stupid teacher) CHARMING.  Im sure you are all aware how happy I am about that. This week however has been my first break through with them. We actually had a bit of fun. Although they still like to hit male teachers in areas that are a little sensitive and they like to try to shove there fingers up your umm..... (im sure you know where) One kid tried this yesterday and I turned around and looked at him and said WHAT ARE YOU DOING and jut shook my head. He then said something in Japanese and I decided we should all sit down now. I have heard horror stories about that little trick. Apparently it is the thing to do. I have no idea. My new school, which I start next week, will take me about 1/2 hour to get to instaed of my usual 10 minutes, and is also the biggest kids school in the area. So that should be fun! Its in a shopping centre and there is McDonalds so atleast there are two benefits. I am going to miss a lot of my students from Gifu. And they will miss me too. Im sure.   On Tuesday morning at about 1am. I experienced my first earthquake. I was both excited to have experienced this and also scared. It lasted about 4 seconds, and was so weird the way the entire building felt like it was made or rubber. I was laying down reading (YES I AM READING) and all of a sudden it hit. I was yelling out to Eric. WOW, THERES AN EARTHQUAKE! He is from Callifornia so he wasnt as excited as me. He's used to it.   I decided that after 5 months of not having a hair cut and with the temperature becoming hotter and hotter, that it was time to get my mullet cut. The curls were also becoming very annoying. So I asked a student where to go, and she suggested a place near where I live. I found the place, tried to speak some Japanese, they tried to speak English and evetually I pointed to a picture and said this will do. 1 hour, a shampoo, cut, shampoo, little conversation, a massage and $50 later, it was done. I was happy. It was quite weird. When you get your hair washed, they put a  blanket over your legs, and a cloth over your face. Then after they cut they massage your head and then your neck. I was laughing through the massage as it was a little unusual, but relaxing.   urlLink My Curls   I have plans in a couple of weeks to go to a Fireworks festival in Gifu, which is one of the biggest displays in the area. And there fore attracts thousands of people. I have bought a Yukata (Summer Kimono) and if I do say so myself, I look quite smashing in it. I figured, everyone looks at me anyhow, so I may as well give them something to really look at.   urlLink My Yukata   I am also going, hopefully, to Mt Fuji next month and if I am fit enough, will attempt to climb it. That should be exciting.   I now have a webcam, so if anyone is on MSN Messenger, send me a message and we can have a chat. I also now have Yahoo messenger and AOL messenger. Just send an email to my phone brettinjapan@c.vodafone.ne.jp when you are on line and I will log on.   I hope you are all cool. I am boiling. The temperature is in the high 30's and will probably get hotter. Thank god for Air conditioning.   Let me know what you have been up to.   Chow for now   Brett