EXAM ONE study sheet – These questions are meant to focus your preparation – they’re not a contract restricting the questions on the test.  I do want this sheet to help you prepare, though, and so it is my goal that if you understand comprehensively answers to all of the below prompts, you should be able to perform well on the test.   1. Be able to identify and distinguish between the three levels of Media literacy.  2. Understand how the various topics we've covered in this class relate to the three levels of media literacy.  3. How do the two different meanings of "entertain" relate to media literacy.  4. What are the three functions of mass media?   5. Be able to distinguish between the different ways that power and regulation exists within media industries.  6. What is a discursive formation?  7. What are the "Big Six Media Conglomerates?"  How do they function?   8. Be able to identify Bagdikian’s list of harms which stem from corporate global monopolies in media.  9. What are the ideals that Bagdikian implicitly suggest?   10. Understand what the practice of "coolhunting" is and how it relates to media conglomerates.    11. What is the "feedback loop" described in Merchants of Cool?  12. Understand how "mooks" and "midriffs" function in the mythology of "cool."  What are some of the key elements of the myth of "cool" that we articulated in class.  13. Be able to distinguish the characteristics of “celebrity” established in this class as opposed to more popular ideas about celebrities.   14. Understand the historical precedents which Fowles suggest gave rise to a culture which could appreciate celebrity.   15. Know how the first media celebrities used their power to shape the film industry.  16. What is a "myth" and be able to match the major myths that we discussed in class to media texts which employ them.  17. Understand how mass media myths work and are created and reinforced.  18. Be able to distinguish between the American Mono-myth and the original mono-myth.  19. How does genre function for society.  20. Be able to explain how genre emerged in television programming.  21. Understand how recursivity and hybridity function in shaping genre now.  22. Be able to explain the different ways that producers, audiences and critics constitute genre.  23. How do the narrative formulas of genre give way to ideology and mythology?  24. Be able to connect the preferred subject position from AMW and COPS to the two ideologies they represent.   25. What narrative conventions from each of these shows illustrate the ideologies of progressivism and populism respectively?  26. Be able to explain the overall point of semiotics, understanding: first and second level signification; denotative & connotative meaning; signifiers and signifieds; and slippage.  27. How do codes constrain signs?   28. Be able to determine the difference between syntactic and syntagmatic meaning.  Understand how both operate to create meaning and how the process of studying them may improve our visual literacy.   29. Be able to differentiate between and identify the major categories of camera angles, movements and editing described in class.  30. How do angles, movements and editing work to create a narrative space (in film) that is different to "real time" and "real space?"