This follows my  urlLink post  about the fight with my mom.  So Sunday morning, S, Shorty and I are heading out of the house to go see people.  My mom hasn't really spoken to me civilly since Friday night.  I forgot to mention how that much later that evening I went into her room, hugged her, and told her that I loved her.  I got no response.  Anyway, Sunday morning,  I go to say bye to my mom when she hugs me and tells me that she is sorry.  She apologized for getting so angry and tells me that she hates that as she gets older she is becoming more and more like her mother (the schizophrenic).  I simply told her that I still love her, she is still a good mom, and that perhaps she needs to try and stop acting on her anger and try talking about things instead.  This, after all, is what I usually do so as to avoid becoming my mother. (I didn't tell her this, do you think I have a death wish or something???)  I appreciate that she offered to me an apology.  But I don't really feel that she was being sincere.  I think she was doing it to try and appease me and make me happy.  I'm not dense.  My dad once informed me after a slighter similar, albeit less physical, fight with my mom, that she has never once apologized to him and that I am lucky to receive one at all.  But, I would rather some other token, than an empty, Or Worse, pity laden apology.  She apologizes to avoid having me write her off.  She doesn't want to feel alienated from me, so she will apologize for her actions and words.  Only, I know that what she is apologizing for is herself.  She is only doing it to keep me around and to keep me from finding ways to remove her from my life.  I think what she thinks is that, as long as she says she's sorry, then whatever she is sorry for is water under the bridge.  But, if she can't find it within herself to apologize to anyone else, why should I be the one to receive them?  Because I am her flesh and blood and her first born.  She always told me that while, yes, you will love all of your children, there is always something special about your first.  I doubt that when she is apologizing, she is apologizing to the full extent of the definition.  I think she is doing it solely for herself and not so much for me.  So, while I may tell her I accept her apology, I find it difficult to really accept her apology.  She never really seems to try and make up for it.  She never apologizes for her behavior then attempts to make herself better.  She just uses her apologies as an excuse to herself that everything will be fine once again.  I can assure you all that everything will not be fine once again. Once you actually have a physical confrontation with your Mom, things will never be the same.