I think thats how you could look at these first three house churches . . . a 3-lane highway.  Again, you three are the only house churches that will spontaniously start from nothing.  You're unique.  All other house churches will be born out of you, or born out of the ones you start.  This week we started publicizing the house churches to the entire ministry.  Here's what that means: you'll be handling a lot of traffic, kind of like a 3-lane highway.  For the next couple weeks you're going to get congested.  A lot of people are curious about these things, and want to get involved.  This is going to be frustrating because it threatens your initial relationships in house church.  Matt Callis was telling me that he really longs for their house church to be a "club", but he knows that isn't worth very much because it ignores other people, and pretends like God has no plans.  He's learning that there is a vast difference between a club and a church.  I want to assure all of you, that things will settle.  Intially, the traffic is going to be heavy and your house churches will be congested.  However, as they get crowded there comes the need to multiply and have babies.  When the churches reach their numeric limit it will be time to start a new one.  This is adding a forth lane to the highway.  It will divert traffic and accomodate a consistant momentun for those traveling on it.  There's no way we could accomodate dozens of new people a week to seek a house church if we only have 3 house churches.  You have to multiply or die.  I forsee us being a six-lane highway in a matter of weeks.  When you start a new house church you will be losing a handful of people, even some that are close to you.  Remember that starting a house church doesn't mean splitting the current one.  Wolfgang called that a divorce.  It only takes 3 people to rise up and start a new work.  Proudly send those people out and let them do what God is calling them to.    From now until the first couple weeks of the semester the number of people pouring through house churches will only get larger.  However, if we continually start new ones as we go all that congestion will disappear, the dust will settle and you'll still have an intimate core group of friends in your house church.  You guys are catalysts for something bigger than yourselves.  If we're willing to be that, we will see the church operate like water, flowing where gravity takes it and saturating everything it touches.