Dad came home last night which means that I was awoken by a loud bang on the door this morning around 8.30 am.  Just as I was trying to work out what the hell was going on, an hand reached into my bedroom holding a plate with a bacon sandwich on it. 'Make sure you bring the plate down after you've finished,' he growled before he disappearing again. When I finally made it downstairs I asked him where my cup of tea was. 'Don't be so cheeky.'  At least the bacon sarnie has ketchup on it.  I think Dad is a bit confused by my herbal teas; he keeps asking if he needs to put milk in with them and how long to leave the teabag in for.  'Sandbags! We need sandbags! Three of them.' I flippantly asked Dad if we were about to be invaded but no, apparently they're necessary in order to do some kind of cement work on the new garage to make it ready to use.  I feel a bit like an anthropologist at the moment, just sitting quietly at the dining room table, watching the way Mum and Dad interact with each other and trying to see them both through fresh eyes.  I had to open the kitchen window this morning as all the dog hairs in the air made me have a sneezing fit and my eyes were red raw from the smoke. There are few things that irritate me about living here but do we really need to leave the huge pub ashtray on the table while we eat our dinner?  Even if it has been emptied?  I didn't spend much time with the parents today.  I made myself a list of 'Things To Do' (open new bank account, make doctors' appointment, buy adaptor so can plug in french laptop) and got most of them done which I was pleased about as I'm something of a chronic procrastinator and this is a bad habit that I really want to tackle.  I've even bought a book to help me in my quest to lead a more enriched life, called 'There must be more than this: Overcoming Soft Addictions and Seemingly Harmless Time-Wasting Habits'.  Haven't arsed myself to read it yet - it seems like an overly long version of a women's magazine article - but I will.  Or maybe I know which things I need to change and I don't need to read Judith Wright's words of wisdom on the topic in order to change them.  I seem to be blathering, so I'll start a new paragraph...  The most exciting change of the day is that I'm now offically a contact lens wearer again.  I hate wearing glasses, I always have and I always will.  It doesn't matter how many times I'm told that they can be trendy or even sexy.  For me, the wearing of glasses will always remind me of when I was first dragged back to Norfolk at the age of eleven having lived in Bolton for five years.  Thanks to my bad perm and broad Northern accent, my delightful classmates came up with the imaginative nickname of Deirdre Barlow.  No, no-one can convince me that glasses are cool, no matter how many celebrities wear them.  If you try to think of a bespectacled-celeb, what's the first name which springs to mind?  Jarvis Cocker?  Sue Pollard?  I rest my case.    The optician I saw today did not seem deterred by my bespectacledness.  (I'll invent nouns if I want to:  I have an English degree from Cambridge, don't you know) Oh no.  He was certainly over-attentive and attempted to engage me in what I can only assume he thought was flirtatious banter.  'I try to be charming.  I think of myself as being a bit like Ian Douglas in Day of the Jackal.  You might not have seen that film.  It did come out in 1973.'  Indeed.  Imagine this from a fifty year old with a Norfolk accent.  That accent.  Give me Deidre and Ken and Bet and the Rovers Return any day.  Thank god I don't sound like a tractor-driving, carrot-crunching hick.  That'll do for today I think.