after experiencing korean businesses up close, i would be the first to argue that the vast majority of the time, the businessmen don't have a clue as to what would be best for the company. however, i would not be so judgmental as to argue that korean business men are more incompetent than canadian business men. the two are very different though.  one of the popular sayings that i know of in canadian business is 'location, location, location'. this is, obviously, pretty important for reasons such as: convenience, target consumers, population, competition etc. korean business, i am assuming i guess, does not feel the same about this point. there are, for example, multiple pharmacies in one neighbourhood (that is to say at least eight within ten minutes walking distance from my apartment). When one of these pharmacies closes (which they often do), another pharmacy soon opens in the same place.  another interesting point worth noting is the opening of a new business. i won't argue that every time a new business in canada is opened, there is always a very unique way of showing it. however, there are at least a few ways to advertise your opening day, such as signs, posters, sales, commercials, and possibly a (stupid) ribbon cutting ceremony of some kind. however, in korea, there is a very distinct way of displaying that your store is opening (or renewing itself (whatever that means), or celebrating an anniversary). the business hires two dancing girls (always two, bigger chains may hire more than two but that is only so they can take breaks while at least two of them can dance). these two girls stand on a small stage that is placed in front of the store, and they (lackadaisically) dance and sing. 9 times out of 10 there is a balloon arch as well.  i must say that i'd love to start my own english school in south korea, but i doubt it will ever happen (lack of money and a trustful korean to list a couple reasons). i wouldn't mind starting a small business in canada either. however, from my small amount of experience, the competition is much more fierce.