Nevermind, the Tigers suck.  I spoke too soon.  MADRID  We switched trains in San Sebastian, Spain right over the border from France.  If we had more time, we would have stayed there a day or two.  It was supposed to be a cool place, a backpackers haven.  Oh well.  Next time. Something I noticed right off the bat was how cheap Spain was compaired to the rest of Europe.  It was amazing.  We got some really crappy Spainish Duchatos cigarrettes  for a buck-fifty.  Wonderful. Madrid was big and not very appealing to me at first.  We stayed in a hotel right down from Plaza del Sol, the Times Square of Madrid.  It was actually used in the opening scene of the original 'Vanilla Sky" instead of Times Square. I was in heaven once we discovered this old cervezaria off the Plaza de Santa Ana.  It was frequented by Hemingway.  We splurged a bit with the food.  I ate some shrimp and oysters to go along with white and red wine.  All this to say, we splurged food-wise everywhere we went.  I don't think I've ever eaten as well as I did those two months in Europe. The cervezeria was in a section of town called Huertas.  It was supposedly the hip part of Madrid.  There were a bunch of clubs there.  Let me say this, the Spanish people never sleep.  The clubs are still packed at 4 a.m. on weekdays.  People stay till 6 in the morning.  It's crazy.  I like the late dinners though.  People don't think about eating dinner in Spain before 9 p.m. So we were in Huertas in some club.  I can't recall the name of it they all blur together. Honestly, I'm not a big fan of the clubs.  But they're fun every once in a while.  Billy met this gal, Silvia, that worked at the airport.  She had a friend, but nobody to get excited about.  I attempted to make conversation with her, but her English was terrible.  Reminds me of the time I was working as a peanut Hawker at Anaheim Stadium.  A co-worker I hardly knew asked me to get some drinks with him.  He ends up take a girl back to his place and I'm somehow left to take her unattractive non-english speaking brazilian roommote home.  well, the madrid situation actually wasn't like that at all, but i wanted to slip in that story. One night, Billy wanted to stay really late with Silvia at this club.  it was 3 or 4 in the morning.  I decided to head back to the room.  Now, mind you, the room was a decent walk from where the club was, and after a few sangaria and cervezas, it was even farther.  It was raining and I began walking in the opposite direction of everything.  I eventually made it to the hotel under muttered cursings and oaths. I do remember that the gal behind the counter at the hotel was a babe.  i know she was into me.  I could tell.