I felt like such a hippy today.  I went out and participated in a protest.  It's actually something that I had never done before, but I'm really glad that I went.  It felt good to stand up for something that I believe in.  Here's how it all started:  I guess every year, the Catholic bishop comes to Utica, has a service, and then leads a group of parishioners up to Planned Parenthood afterward to protest its existence.  This year, a group of Pro-Choice advocates got together to hold a silent protest supporting the ability to choose.  So, a bunch of students here were participating, as well as some other people I knew.  I decided to join in, because I think that it's something that's very important.    First of all, props to Planned Parenthood.  They were organized, supportive, and did a great job keeping things under control.  Upon arrival, we were all given t-shirts and signs if we wanted them.  They laid out some basic ground rules.  This was a silent protest, so we couldn't start yelling things back and forth with the anti-choice protesters.  Also, there were rules about who could stand where, and not insulting anyone.    I think the showing for each side spoke volumes in and of itself.  The anti-choice protesters had a start of about thirty people, and within an hour, they were down to the five that stayed for the rest of the day.  The Bishop never did show up, and they really weren't getting much in the way of support.  The pro-choice side started with eighty people, and stayed strong at that number as people came and went throughout the protest.  For a while, we had a "Honk For Choice" sign, and we were getting a lot of support with it.  Then one of the anti-choice protesters made a sign.  It had writing on both sides.  One side said "Honk 4 Murder" and the other side said "Honk 4 Porn."  I guess there is some sort of connection?  Anyway, he didn't seem to get nearly the support that everyone else did, although he did get some nice police attention, because he wouldn't stay out of the road.  I love that he thought that he was helping his point of view, while all he was really doing was making them look stupid.  Everything went well, though.  There were some fantastic signs.  Among my favorites were:  "Stop the War on Choice," "God is still speaking and so are we!  Protect women's lives!"  "My body is not public property!" "Pro-Choice! (Nobody's pro-abortion)" and one that I *loved* but was not allowed for fear of offending people: "Keep your rosaries off my ovaries."  All in all, I felt really good about doing it.  I also had to laugh on the way home.  I was walking back with some of the Pratt students, and we had our signs with us.  This guy walked up to us and said, "I totally agree with you!  And anyone who doesn't should get a turpentine enema!"  It was actually a little scary.  We just kind of kept walking.  And yes, that's just another sign that I'm back in Utica.