I sold my car. My contact for the whole operation was a man named Johnny. Johnny and I met Wednesday night at a 7-11 parking lot in Glendale, halfway between Whittier and Thousand Oaks I got there a little early so I went in and looked at motorcycle trader magazines. Then I got back in my car and listened to Phil Hendrie. Johnny pulled up next to me. I got out and Johnny taked on his cell phone for 10 minutes before he communicated with me. He was from Lebannon. The car was for his cousin Fahd (or something close to that) who had just arrived from Syria. I rode in the passenger seat of my Eclipse as Johnny test drove the car. It was an odd experience. I don't know if I've ever ridden in the passenger seat of my car before. My perspective was all askew. I felt uncomfortable. We talked a bit. I told him about the car. I realized that I am a great one-on-one conversationalist with strangers. I think it comes from my Midwest upbringing. Also my mom can and does talk to anybody and everybody no matter the situation. So after a while of shooting the breeze, Johnny says, "You're a nice guy." "What was that?" I said. "You're a nice guy." "Oh. Thanks." I was taken aback. You don't get many out-of-the-blue, but genuine complements from people, let alone strangers. We got back to the parking lot and were met by Fahd and his father. I stood next to the car as they all conversed in arabic. I was powerless. I understood the words "toyota", "nissan", and "honda." Fahd's father owned a liquor store. He drove a hard bargain. I figured he could barter circles around me, so I didn't put up much of a fight at his price. Since I was now wheeless, Johnny and Fahd drove me back to Whittier. They spoke Armenian most of the way back. They apologized. Fahd didn't speak much English. Somehow I revealed that I was from Michigan. "That is why you are so nice," Johnny said, "you aren't from here." Johnny has lived here for 11 years. He is married and has a son. "This is not a good place to raise children. I am looking to get out." I didn't argue with him. "I consider myself white, I've lived here so long," Johnny said. I told him how different it was coming from an all white community to being a minority among the hispanic population in Los Angeles. "Yeah, I respect the white guys around here. They're the only ones when they walk into places," he said. He dropped me off and I watched my car drive away without me in it. I was relieved.  I'll tell you, that car was weighing me down. It was just a bad omen. I dreaded getting into it. Who knew what would happen next. Most of my memories of the car are connected to standing on the side of the freeway with the car unable to run. I felt it was best to put the old girl out to pasture. Then these guys come along and offer me some sweet flow. I was willing to accept anything more than a cup of coffee. No less.  Ah, the memories. Rear-ending a drunk lady on the highway James Dean died on. Getting side-swipped next to Wal-mart. Getting rear-ended on the way to a David Wilcox show. The alternator dying on the way home form covering the JetHawks. The stories go on and on. That car was like a retarted distant sibling. You have some kind of affection for It, mostly pity. Though you don't want to admit pity, but you don't know why you don't want to admit it. You feel ackward around It, but you don't want to appear ackward. You spend more time with It than you have to because you feel you should. On second thought, it think the car was more like a bad girlfriend. It took up all my time. Demanded more attention than other cars. Was stubborn. Finicky. Did what It wanted to do, when It wanted to do it. I wasted all my money on It. It used and abused me and made me It's bitch. So I finally kicked it to the curb.  I am leaving california for awhile. I am planning on a month or two. I should hear back from inetwork in early october (at least that's the word on the street). I could possibly be in Michigan for a few weeks then had back to L.A. or I could stay for a few months if the gig doesn't work out. I'll be back in california sometime in any case. I really hope this job works out. It's a bit stressful waiting on this whole thing one way or the other. Even if I don't get the job, I want to try an weasel my way into entertainment in any case. It will be some sort of combo or working the standup scene, and calaborating with Landa and one T. Downie. Though, I think it might be a little while before Trevor move back down to So Cal, but I believe he will some day.  The travel show, that's the ticket, brothers and sisters. I would be a phenomonon. And you know, if this itv thing works out, I want to be in front of the camera at some point in time. The nation won't be able to get enough of me. I am a Hungarian feast for cameras everywhere. I give them my permission to chow down. Honestly, I know the ways of the ladies. Cupid has be kid to me. Females everywhere desire to run their fingers though my chest hair. I am a machine.   Sept. eleven Nice trasition there, huh? I don't really know what to write about this. -9/11/02 We were in Granada, Spain, recent arrived from Madrid via a 2 hour stop in Sevilla. Billy had to leave his airport worker part-tive lover in the capital. We walked around the city a while till we found a desent hotel. The next day was the 11th. We walked up to the Alhambra, this giant Moorish fortress. I believe was smoked some hookah that day as well. I know we wandered, as usual. I ate some food. At night we went to this bar across the street from our hotel. I drank some local brew. Six of them actually. Every beer we ordered came with a plate of tapas, some apetitzer-like combo of potatos or meat or sauce or whatever. We stayed there a while. A 9-11 retrospect was showing on the tv in spanish. We drank and drank and were sad. I still get sad when ever I think of the day in question. What a shock. I was a senior at Biola and Trevor woke me up in the morning. I was mad. I wanted to sleep. We turned on the tv just in time to see the first tower collapse. I shouted ever obsenity I could think of. It still frightens me. That image is burned into my mind. It was like I was spiritually thrown against the wall by some cosmic force. A metaphysical concussion. It could have been the apocalypse. It was that jarring. It wasn't supposed to happen. It's like waking up and somevody telling me that Hawaii sunk into the ocean. It's inconceivable. I went out and bought a Dylan cd that day. Then didn't go to classes for about a week, just walked around in a daze. The next year in Spain, we drank. The waitstaff noticed us. Before closing, they brought us, teary-eyed Americans each a shot of something that was warm and good. I was closer to 9/11 in Spain than here in the desert. Here I am distant from everything I know. I've forgot my childhood. I believe that is why I am going home. To be reminded of where I came from. Everything is coming to a head at the end of this month. The Manor will be no more, My job is no more, Jason will be married, Andy and Matt go to Europe, The Red West cd comes out. Then shortly thereafter (hopefully) the itv verdict is handed down. Boom.   Trevor and Jayna just got back from Cinque Terre. I love that place. Billy and I arrive there with a fella named Chris. Chris was a drummer from New York City. We met him in a internet cafe in Barcelona. We first went to Nice for a day, but that scene wasn't too happening especially not for Chris. So down to Cinque Terre we went. It's between Genoa and Pisa, five beautiful fishing villages on the coast. We found a hotel room for two, then snuck the third in. It wasn't all that cheap, but damn was it beautiful. The first night we went to this awesome restaurant. I believe it might have been one of the finest meals I've ever had. Seafood pasta, made by an old, bald Italian man, brought steaming hot in a giant cauldron to our table. After that we made our way out to a jetty and drank wine under a nearly full moon listening to the wave lap against the rocks. We just sat and thought, The way you do on a long drive to a destination you love. No nervousness. No stress. All thoughts were creative, pleasantly reflective thoughts. I wish I was married and was sitting next my wife. I opened my eyes and looked to my left and there was Billy, imagine my disappointment. Anyway, we even talked to Chris about God that night. Not in a preachy way at all, but in a open maketplace of ideas sort of way. It was a very satisfying converstation on a very pleasant evening. The next day we hiked to the other towns. Simply beautiful. We went cliff-diving and laid on rocks like lizards soaking up the sun. That night we went to this bar in Monterosso. Billy stole a Beck Cd cover off the bathroom wall. I met two bartenders from Seattle as Billy and Chris talk to some girl. They kept buying me Jegerbombs (jegermeister and redbull) after I had already drank a liter of the sweetest nectar on earth (Bud). I drank four of those puppies in a half and hour then neatly deposited all that liquid and half of a fine pasta dish down the hall in the toilet. Also in the bar that night was an interesting speciman. It was a girl. I forget her name, but Billy thought she was from Washington. He went up to her and ask here where she was from. She responded with something to the effect of "Go to hell" or "F- off." Billy reported back to us. Chris said that she was going to pay for that. And yes, she did pay for that. The first sign of trouble was that she smoked obcenely thin cigarrettes, Qtip-like. That should have tipped me off right away. As the evening progressed, we all drank more then decided to go swimming. Billy, Chris, Me, the two bartenders, and the Qtip girl. One of the bartenders ran in nude so we all followed suit. Qtip kept shouting things like, "Don't look" and "Stay away from me!," like she was hot stuff or something. Billy responded with, "Don't flatter yourself, Honey." I was highly amused. Well, during our nocturnal aquatic advantures, Chris had snuck back to shore and pilfered Qtip's towel, sweater and bra. We all finished our swim and Qtip blew a gasket. I found her room key a few steps away and stuffed it in my pocket. Chris adamently denied any wrong-doing. The two bartender guys helped her look for her key as we went home. "Darren wouldn't take your key.  He's a good guy," they said, "It was probably that guy from New York." Well, I felt bad that those guys searched the sand for a while, but I haven't lost any sleep over it. So Chris, Billy and I went back to our room and stuff the clothing behind a dresser. Then we sat on the porch and drank and laughed over our misadventures of the day. That morning Qtip burst into our room. Apparently, she was staying in the room nest to us and hear us talking about stealing her stuff. Chris pulled the perfect "I-have-no-idea-what-you're-taking-about" schtick. She was pissed but left. Chris left altogether later that day to go to Rome. And Billy and I eventually gave the Chick back her stuff. She amazingly enough was cool about the whole thing. The bartenders gave me some friendly hell though. "We're out there in the sand, on our hands and knees, looking for this damn key defending your name." Sorry guys. The night before we left, Billy and I sat on this ledge next to the ocean and smoked some camels. There was this restuarant nearby blasting The Police's greatest hits over the water. It was honestly one of the best musical expeciences I've ever had. I want to go back there some day.   Lancaster R.I.P Sunday will be my last day in the Antelope Valley, so here is my tribute to the AV.   This is The Hangar, where the JetHawks played. I was here a lot.    This is what the AV looks like.  The Antelope Valley is a 3,000-square-mile high desert closed basin that straddles northern Los Angeles County and southern Kern County. One of nine California valleys with the same name, this one lies in the western Mojave high desert and includes the communities of Lancaster, Palmdale, Rosamond and Mojave. Populated by different cultures for an estimated 11,000 years, the Antelope Valley was a trade route for Native Americans traveling from Arizona and New Mexico to California's coast. Though the first wave of non-native exploration took place in the early 1770s, a later exploratory period starting in the 1840s led to the valley's first permanent settlement during the following decade, fueled by California's Gold Rush and new status as American territory. The 1854 establishment of the Fort Tejon military post near Castac Lake and Grapevine Canyon created a gateway for valley traffic.   Several developments were integral to the valley's growth starting in the mid-1800s, including gold mining in the Kerns and Owens rivers; cattle ranching; the start of a Butterfield stagecoach route in 1858; construction of the Los Angeles-to-San Francisco telegraph line in 1860; completion of the Southern Pacific Railroad line in 1876; and ample rainfall during the 1880s and early 1990s, which attracted many farmers. The decade-long drought that began in 1894-the worst in southern California's recorded history-decimated the regional economy and forced many settlers to abandon their homesteads, but after the turn of the twentieth century irrigation methods and electricity brought back local farming. The 1913 completion of the aqueduct spanning 233 miles between the Owens Valley and Los Angeles also revived the valley's economy. Today the Antelope Valley retains elements of its agricultural past but its economic base is now supported by aerospace and defense industries.  ANTELOPE VALLEY FACTS  The Joshua Tree, that is found here locally, is not a tree or a cactus ! ! (Yucca brevifolia) The Joshua Tree, the largest of the yuccas, grows only in the Mojave Desert. Natural stands of this picturesque, spike-leafed evergreen grow nowhere else in the world. Its height varies from 15-40 feet with a diameter of 1-3 feet. Originally thought to be members of the lily family, the Joshua Tree and other yuccas have been reclassified as members of the agave (century plant) family. The Mormon pioneers are said to have named this species "Joshua" Tree because it mimicked the Old Testament prophet Joshua waving them, with upraised arms, on toward the promised land.   All 6 Space Shuttle's have been assembled here in Palmdale, CA! Edward's Air Force Base is one of the landing sites for the Space Shuttles. The first landing was the Enterprise on April 14, 1981 and to date the last landing was March 31, 1996. - Challenger,	OV-99,	Challenger and crew were lost approximately 73 seconds after liftoff on January 28, 1986, 11:38 a.m. EST - Enterprise,	OV-101,	Test vehicle not intended for spaceflight. It is on display at Dulles Airport outside Washington, D.C. - Columbia,	OV-102 - Discovery,	OV-103,	Scheduled for launch on October 29, 1998. John Glenn, Payload Specialist, who thirty-six years ago made history when he strapped himself into a nine-by-seven-foot capsule atop an experimental rocket and became the first American to orbit the Earth, will be making his second flight. - Atlantis,	OV-104 - Endeavor,	OV-105    There is a  urlLink prison   in the AV.    goodbye, AV, we hardly knew ye.