urlLink Building an Instructional Framework for Effective Community College Developmental Education. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Caroline Q. Sheldon.  From the ERIC Digest:  Research reveals that exemplary developmental education programs operate within established instructional environments where value and high expectations for positive student outcomes take precedence (Boylan, 2002; Roueche & Roueche, 1999). In spite of these findings, the majority of community colleges offer fragmented developmental education programs (Shults, 2000). In order to flourish, community college developmental education, defined in this context as "courses or services provided for the purpose of helping underprepared college students attain their academic goals," (Boylan, 2002, p. 3) requires college presidents, trustees, and chief academic officers to play a central role in creating the instructional framework conducive to successful developmental education outcomes. These high-level administrators foster a culture of success by insisting that faculty, staff, and students endeavor to meet institutional expectations in developmental education. In their studies of exemplary practices, both Boylan (2002) and Roueche and Roueche (1999) concluded that positive student outcomes were more likely to be achieved when institutional leaders established high standards for success, expected everyone involved in the developmental education effort to strive toward achieving program goals, as well as created the opportunity for success by crafting the instructional framework most beneficial to student outcomes.   An effective developmental education instructional framework necessitates that community colleges adopt a philosophy of practice shared by institutional stakeholders across instructional boundaries. Research by Grubb (2001) supports the idea of directed, coordinated developmental education programs rather than reliance on "individual and idiosyncratic efforts" to achieve institutional outcomes (p. 2). This digest offers community college academic leaders a synopsis of the key components necessary for building an instructional framework advantageous to a successful developmental education effort. Specific emphasis is placed on program structure, faculty, and program improvement. Although vital, the consideration of the full range of programs, services, and approaches impacting student outcomes in developmental education, including assessment and placement of students, "bridge" courses linking developmental course content with college level subjects, limitations on developmental student credit hour loads, counseling, and instructional support services is beyond the scope of this digest.