strange dream:  was at valpo... went to bacclaureate, was talking with lots of friends outside the chapel afterwards when suddenly everyone starts herding over to the ARC (gym)... i had rutgers people there, pittsburgh cousins i was walking with, etc., etc., etc.  i couldn't figure out why on earth everyone was headed for the arc so i took a detour in the direction of guild/memorial (2 of the dorms) and instead there were 1-story apartments... i went in the one i was apparently staying in with friends, and headed towards a room in the back, and lo and behold it was my room here in jersey... i started working on the computer and got a music file sent to me on IM from an online friend i've never met but have been chatting with on and off for like 5-6 years now... while i was still downloading it, there was a knock at the door and it was that same online friend... never met him ever before... asked him how on earth he got here (IN? NJ?) from AZ, and he claimed that it was on the way to moving back to CA... go figure.  we went to some weird modern art museum "in valpo" but my head made it up... it was bizarre... i realized halfway through that the place was relatively empty compared to normal because everyone else in town was in the ARC for graduation and i had been too confused to go, then i remembered i had seen all those people graduate 2-3 weeks previously, so i was missing a repeat and it wasn't as bad as i felt, but i still felt silly.  then i made some comment to brett (online friend that appeared) that "like dude, you're the 2nd long-time internet friend i've run into for the first time this weekend" and woke up.  nothing exciting... just i find it fascinating how many different aspects of my life get combined in dreams and how fluidly they move from one place to another, whereas the sudden jump from chapel drive in valpo to my room in jersey should have raised red flags, and yet it doesn't... mostly i'm just fascinated by how our heads put dreams together.  the end.