Its bin soooooo long.... my last blog was like nearly a week ago. bad. Bin busy. very bz. projects and hw. Thank god everyone was the same as well... i thought i was only a few of those who din complete my work. crazy man this week... every night sleep damn late. workin non stop. no rest at all... crazy week i tell you... summore exams 2 weeks away..no studies done..feelin kinda bad...  anyways.. had debate today... form 4 vs form 5... thank god we did prepared a lil... or else dono how we gona show ourselves in front of everyone. got a feelin that the form 5 will win though..think they presented it better than us.. but if we do win, ill be very surprised and delighted... theyre a tough fight i must say... although some of our statements were misinterpreted by them... well...after that we had to perform our physics experiment.. egg catcher... my group's contraption worked..thank god... but had to throw its contents away because of some probs...aih...big budget project ...wasted..time,materials and money... felt kinda sad and reluctant when we threw the contents away... it was so good..almost perfect..when suddenly comes a gap...aiks!    I was a lil pissed at school today.. something happened and i just exploded...really irritated... shouting vulgarity all over lol...hope nobody besides my classmates heard me cursing..or i might get myself into some trouble..still wana stay in the prefect board..perhaps i was a lil moody due to the lack of sleep and the frustration of the piling hw...don think i could have helped myself...put yourself into this situation when you are tryin to fix ur proj which is on the verge to screw up and everythin u did will be down the dumpster with the worries and frustration, and suddenly POP! an egg is smashed on your back leaving ur shirt to stink and these two idiots who are sposed to be ur very good frens thinkin theyre darn funny were laffin bout it...oohhh..hahaha.clowns of the class..yay! get ppl attention...use kelvin as the laffin stock for our popularity...make him embarassed..then ppl will be impressed and laff at him! the fat useless guy who sux in sports...don really see anytin impressive if u ask me...i mean.. if its a water balloon then its ok la..it will jus get wet and dry later...but egg...stinks like shit..on ur back..with ppl intentionally doin it...bad mood...put all these together...see how u feel...maybe i overreacted or was a lil sensitive...but no apologies but 'just chill'.. talkin as if im the stupid idiot...not a good thing to say when its obvious that the person is pissed...argh! and to worsen the prob..comes another asshole who hears bout it and makes fun outta it..ooohhh...lemme try throwin an egg on his ass...see wat ill get..much worse..thats for sure..probably a sulk for 2 days...  hmm...sure feels good lettin it all out...good thing my fren introduced this bloggin thing to me...cools me down..u know..like tellin someone ur stuff even though ppl could care less bout it...still feels good...hehe...i guess ill have to control my temper and overcome my extreme sensitivity of feelings...vulgarity as well...feel like a bad person now...cursing all those stuff...hmm...oh well.. at least im feelin bad bout it...good start...hehe...if u got any advice for me on this..pls..tell me..will take anytin..extreme honesty..not a prob..will really appreciate it..thanks..Fook out...