As years go by I race the clock with you But if you died right now, you know that I'd die too I'd die too.  You remind me of the times when I knew who I was still the second hand will catch us Like it always does..  We make the same mistakes I take the fall for you I hope you need this now Cause I know I still do...  Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you...  Should I bite my tongue 'till blood soaks my shirt? We never fall apart. Tell me why this hurts so much?  My hands around your throat and I think I hate you Still they say we never win Just like we always do. Just like we always do...  Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you...  I'd spill my heart I'd spill my heart for you...  My hands around your throat and I think I hate you We made the same mistakes, mistakes like friends do... My hands around your throat and I think I hate you. We made the same mistakes...  Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you...  Until the day I die Until the day I die...   What an interesting thing it must be to see someone sink lower into their own self pity, post by post. My timing is impeccable: the need for a boyfriend, or at least someone to just *be* around, comes during study leave, the period when you have the most time to just sit and think (because you're avoiding doing anything productive), but your friends aren't around to distract you because they're probably sitting at home, doing the same thing. Maybe the need for closeness to someone has come from not having those distractions... I really want to pull myself out of this mood, but it seems warm and comforting; I think part of me likes it, you know? Being able to sit at home, moping around like a greasy grunge maniac, listening to Linkin Park and Story of The Year and Seether, it's a bit like a naughty secret -  nobody else knows that I feel like this (or that I'm listening to such obscenely commercial music), so I just want to keep it this way.  Yeah, I like that excuse.  Ceff x   I don't want to be the one the battles always choose, cos inside I realise that I'm the one confused   PS. A quick note on the song: It seems to fit my own relationship with relationships/love/soppy feelings in general, rather than a specific person, whose name I will not mention. Although it does work on that level too. Except for the "until the day I die" part. I hope.