Back in April,  urlLink e-church  blogger Tim Bednar published a 47-page treatise on the spiritual applications of blogging. Titled  urlLink "We Know More Than Our Pastors: Why Bloggers Are the Vanguard of the Participatory Church" (PDF format) , Bednar's paper is one of the most thorough documents about the subject I've yet to find.  An aside to blogging pastors: Please don't judge the work by its obnoxious title. (I'm waiting for a member of my youth group to take a clue from Bednar and write a dissertation titled "We Know More Than Our Youth Pastor.") "We Know More..." really is worth the read. And as Bednar explains in the introduction:  I believe that our network of blogs exceed the reach of any single pastor. To be clear, no one thinks they are personally smarter or more “called” than any pastor. However, as a network, we know more than our pastors. In this, we are not alone. Thousands of bloggers circumvent established hierarchies and relate unmediated with one another. We are part of a participatory phenomenon that is impacting mass media, technology, education, entertainment, politics, journalism and business.  Bednar writes in an engaging, conversational style, and with humor. the document is as much the story of his pilgrimage in the online world as it is a discourse on the power of blogging as a ministry tool and spiritual discipline. Weaving together results from his online interviews with several other Christian bloggers, other writings about cyberculture, communication and marketing, and his own observations, Bednar has produced a brilliant work.  Because this is a blog about Internet evangelism, I should point out that Bednar also touches on that subject as well. Under heading 4.6 ("We Blog to Earn Permission"), he writes:  As bloggers, we not only redefine preaching, but evangelism as well. We earn the permission of people before we speak in to their lives. For example, because Googlebot crawls my blog daily, thousands of visitors have read my thoughts on  urlLink Johnny Cash, Hurt, Trent Reznor, and Nine Inch Nails  or my explanation of the  urlLink Corpus Christi Film Urban Legend  because they typed keywords into Google. This new way of evangelism evolves out of Christians using Internet technology. ... This kind of contextual relevance means that I have a permission to interact with a person at the moment of their interest.  Perhaps Bednar's most salient point -- and one I explored at a surface level in  urlLink  eMinistry  , back before I or many other people knew much about blogging -- has to do with how blogs can empower Christians and other spiritual seekers who might be tired of the traditional church structures.  The dominant theme to emerge from my research is that bloggers value this medium because they can participate without being filtered by church structures, denominational restrictions or even doctrinal impurity. We have grown tired of pastors being the gatekeepers of what is important. In this, we feel our pastors are often times set apart from our real, authentic lives and not by choice. But they are distanced by traditional church structures. We genuinely believe that we have more to offer than what the church is structured to receive.  "What I am trying to describe," Bednar concludes, "is a new kind of church created by believers transformed by their use of the Internet. Their so-called virtual life is changing them and in turn, they will change the church."