So I went to my reunion and it was all the things that reunions are. There was heavy drinking, talk of marriage and babies, reminiscence of parties past. I spent the next day vomiting - feeling almost like I really was eighteen again.  To take a break from all the political ramblings of my previous posts, I would like to make a list of the things I did not do while in St Louis because I was too hung over:  1. I did not go to a "real" thrift store where prices are still under five bucks for almost everything (unlike the "vintage" stores here, where everything costs as much or more as that crap they sell at the Gap.) I did get some cheap crap at Target, though. More on that later.  2. I did not eat a greasy taco from Jack N' the Box. This truly makes me sad, as I do so love a good greasy taco. However, I did have the Chili Five-Way at Steak'nShake, which my boyfriend (a stranger to the ways of S'nS) prounounced "spaghetti and ketchup on a plate with chili on top." Philistine.  3. I did not take my boyfriend to see anything even slightly scenic, other than driving past the Cahokia Mounds on the way to a classic car showroom with my dad. The cultural commentary consisted of "Hey, Paulo, those hills are made of dead Native Americans." To which he replied, "Nuh-uh, really? Can you see any of the dead people?"  4. We went to Target (no small feat here in NYC, as they cater to those with cars and also kind of suck compared to the giant megastores back home), and I did not buy the giant econo-bottle of Dove shampoo for $5. That was a mistake. We did get a nice bathroom rug, however.  5. I did not watch "Grosse Point Blank" before we went. At the reunion, during which I sucked down about a pint of Johnnie Walker Black, Paulo made a reference to sniper rifles that would have been hysterical had I not I missed the point completely.  Eh. There's always the twenty-year. I'll probably still be broke, living in sin with my boyfriend in little box-apartment in NYC with twelve cats and nary a kid in sight...I'll be sure to remember to snag me a couple of Jack N' the Box tacos then, even if it's just to reassure myself I'm not a total failure.