i went to church for the first time since being at olaf on ash wednesday.  it was actually a very emotional experience for me...in a way it felt like i was being cleansed.  i have sinned so much and have so much to repent for.  i've finally let go of the boys i held so dear to me.  it was hard but had to be done.  so the season of lent has begun.  i've never really given up anything for lent, but i think that i'm going to take this time and try to cleanse my life.  i need to look to my true friends and find my true self again.  i know it will be a good experience.  i feel so much better already.  i housesat this weekend.  i'm still kind of recovering from petsitting a cat.  my eyes are really puffy and i can't stop sneezing...there's cat hair all over.  i've taken benedryl but it's not helping anymore.  i really really enjoyed it though.  i got to stay in this amazing victorian house with a dog and a cat...right off of grand avenue.  i walked to the grand old creamery last night and to bruegger's bagels for lunch.  i also went to all of the trendy little shops yesterday morning, although i refrained from buying anything.  i really want to go clothes shopping soon.  i've lost about 10 pounds since i was weighed last (at the doctor's office about a month ago).  i'm feeling really good about myself right now...not that i was getting really chubby but losing 10 pounds means that all of my clothes fit me how they should now.  i haven't even been trying to lose weight...in fact, i stopped exercising after the move since i've been so busy, and i've been eating a lot more.  boggles my mind, but i'm not going to complain.  this week is going to be so incredibly busy.  monday (tomorrow) i have monday night skiing.  tuesday i'm taking a half a day off to see an endocrinologist.  wednesday night amber and i are going to juut salonspa to get new haircuts.  thursday i'm taking another half day and going to the dentist.  friday i'm eating dinner with a good friend.  also, tomorrow i'm being observed by a state person for our curriculum.  i'm nervous about that, but at the same time i'm open to helpful criticism.  saturday i'm going to be hanging out with my game buddy, drew, and amber to play some fun new strategy games.  sunday, something is happening but i can't figure out what.  i'm sure i'll find out soon enough.  anyway, i should probably get going so that i'm perky for my observation tomorrow.  fun fun fun...  goodnight, sleep tight, and don't let the bed bugs bite :)