Wendy and I went to Dr. Vic today. (psychotherapist)  She went in first, then I went in.  Dr. Vic said that Wendy's bad feelings have definitely intensified.  He said she blames me for everything that is wrong with her.  This was a terrible shock to me, as Wendy often tells me, "You're the best mother in the world."  So which is it?  He also said that I should not live in fear, and that Wendy's problems were bigger than either of us could handle or assess.  He did not know what level of threat she presented.  I had told him that Wendy was talking more and more often about getting so angry that she wanted to kill people.  I don't know if this is a figure of speech or whether she would actually do it.  And this is a horrible place for a mother to be.  I am afraid of what is going on inside her brain.   Dr. Vic told me that I must find a psychiatric social worker to assess whether Wendy could continue to live at home.  I never even knew there were psychiatric social workers, nor where to find one.  So tomorrow I have to start making calls.  Craig said to start with calling Dr. S. (our psychiatrist)  But ... what if someone tells me that she has to live somewhere else?  Wendy would be miserable.  She wants to stay at home with us.  Dr. Vic said how do I know she will be miserable?  What if she enjoys the structure and company?   And where will we get the money?   Craig has to go to court next Tuesday.  His f***ing ex-wife is suing us again.  Increased child support for Leo (because she lost her job, and supposedly can't find a new one) and resumed child support for Ariel, who moved back in with her.  Apparently it doesn't matter to her that the MSA specifies that child support is to end when a child drops out of college (as Ariel did, when she was living with her 34-year-old boyfriend).  I guess Ariel resumes being a child when she moves back in with her mother and goes back to community college.     Even though Craig says this is a cut-and-dried case (in our favor), I am still terrified about the outcome, because the first time we went to court, we lost, because the judge was an idiot, and ruled that it was okay for the witch's boyfriend to live in the house that we were paying for (via alimony and child support) because she "wasn't aware" that the situation would affect these payments, even though the MSA spelled it out.  In other words, ignorance IS an excuse for breaking the law.   Saw "Fahrenheit 9/11" tonight and cried.