I got this off my other message board.  FUN!  :)   A- What is your Age? ~28 B- What is your favorite Book? ~Tuesday's with Morrie. (read it right away if you haven't!) C- What is your favorite Color? ~Purple D- Dessert or not? Favorite kind? ~yes. bananas foster cheesecake from red losbster. E- Are you Employed? Where? ~ Yes, special ed teacher-elementary F- Do you have a favorite Flower? ~no, i just like color comboniations of flowers G- What Games did you play as a child? Hungry Hippo, candy land.. the usual. "as a kid" we stillplay games now. no kids, and we play cards etc regularly H- What are your Hobbies? DIY home decoration/improvement. beads, scrapbooking etc. ** new, knitting. I- Do you suck or chew Ice? neither J- Junk collector or neat freak? both extremes. K- Kids, do you want any more, and if so, how many? lets just start with one and see how it goes :) probably 2 total L- Which Loved one have you lost or are losing? gma and stp mother. M- What is your favorite Memory? The look on my husbands face while looking at me on our wedding day N- Where is your favorite spot in the Nation? ~anywhere that is concidered "vaction" O- Own or rent? Own P- Any Pet Peeves? shoes on the counter/table.. really anywhere but the floor.. Q- Favorite Quote? If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got R- Favorite Restaurant? i'm not picky.. but i do prefer steak and potatoes S- Why did you choose your Screen name? It is my last name, and my sp. ed kids call me "Peters" not Mrs. Peters, just Peters. You shold have seentheir faces when I introduced them to my husband Mr. Peters. They couldn't believe we had the same name!! :) Peters-like Madonna or Cher :)lol T- Tea, coffee, or soda ~soda was my fav until the dentist said NO MORE! so, coffee. U- University degree, have one or could care less? Yes-couldn't teach without it. V- Where and when was your last Vacation? New years vacation house with our friends. we rent a huge house and all stay a week. W- Weight, happy with it or want to gain or lose? i am a diet expert~ Sweet potato queen. (read that book if you havent.. hillarious!!) X- Xtra salt or none? None Y- Yummy or Yucky- Pickles? Yummy Z- Zoo, Sea World, or Disney? Nah... I live in Florida. Too much hype. I hate the crowds. Can't wait to go to the zoo when i have a little one.