I didn't say (me don't think) but I finished a book yesterday - yes, after much great hard work and hardship, yesterday I finished Animal Farm for the second time ever! After a whole one day of reading! It's actually quite a sad book, showing and detailing in great depth the way that a truely Socialist society is impossible because it is in the very nature of nearly every single conscious being to take over and have control over those beneath them, and to subjugate as many people to be beneath them as possible. It's really sad that human nature seems to be purely the quest for as much power as possible. The pigs, having called themselves "the leaders" of the rebellion changed all of the principles of the animals living and working together and perverted anything that took place - it would be much more... bearable as a reflection on society if it were not a direct parody of something that actually took place - its almost an unbearable part of modern history, and one all too overlooked by history classes, that there was such mass-murders in Soviet Russia, and such terrible travesties of any form of justice whatsoever. I've moved onto (nearly) 1984 - which is also a good book with many elements of Animal Farm in it.  Today has been extremely boring really. I've done absolutely nothing at all other than watch a little of Schindlers List (yet another really sad story about mass murders and dictators... I seem to be having a lot to do with that recently - albeit not  actually  to do with it :$. And I had a big breakfast and and bigger lunch. I'm now online talking to Becca :) and browsing the  urlLink NAGTY  forums. This is something that I pretty much do absolutely all of the time that I have access to the computer - the forums are informative and amusing, and contain a good and varied source of debate that covers all manner of subjects - of course there are quite a few intelligent people on there as well that share a number of really similar interests. Even better, Becca's now a member of it as well :). So I can enjoy the wonder of her posts... :P. But, unless YOU happen to be a member of NAGTY, you wouldn't have the slightest clue what I'm on about. It's a wonderful way to procrastinate I suppose (I'm really glad that I discovered the meaning of that word ;)). A chance to use argumentative skills like I have had loads of fun using recently anyway. Like on the way to Oxford on Thursday, I was going: "Charlie! Are you any good at arguing?" "Yes, I'm amazing at arguing." "No you aren't." "I am." "Aren't." etc. ;). It's all really fun really - just getting into an argument like that. It's got the ability to really make people mad at you.  Seeing as I have really nothing to write about today I'm going to sit here and write a brief review of  urlLink  Firefox  0.9. This is the latest release of the entirely open source and extensible web browser. It's created by a group of developers to be essentially the smallest and most basic thing that it can possibly be. I've certainly been using Firefox instead of Internet Explorer for a few months since I got it. (I just checked - the download date is the first of May this year - I've been using it since then.)  One of the best advantages (I think,) is that it is simply... different. After a whole life of being surrounded continually by Microsoft products, Firefox and various other open source applications offer a much needed break from the norm. But in itself, this is by no means reason to use a different software package. Firefox needs to offer something that's different and better than IE – and it does. The main advantage that I make the most use of is the tabbed-browsing. Though this is not at all a feature that is unique to Firefox, it makes browsing the Internet much easier, because multiple web pages can be open at the same time but still be in the same actual Window. There are simply a row of “tabs” near the top of the window that each represent a currently “open” window. Clicking on them brings that web page to the visible part of the window, allowing you to keep track of any number of web pages at once. Also, Firefox supports extensions. These are (usually) small pieces of third party software that over an extremely large range of extra features that can be used. I currently have two extensions that I downloaded and installed. One is a “Web developer” toolbar. This is simply a new toolbar that appears with a range of options, many of which are available in the browser itself, but it makes them more easily accessed. There are buttons for disabling various types of web things to try and de-bug websites, links for website validation etc. It does come in very useful. I also have another simple extension that simply remembers the tags that I have open after I close them -  seeing as I visit the same sites every day, this is a time-saving measure every time I connect to the Internet. Firefox also allows various themes with which you can customise the appearance of the browser window. Unfortunately, the default theme that comes with Firefox is rather rubbish – and it is highly advisable to anyone to download another – with perhaps Qute being the best one. This was the default theme until Firefox 0.8 – but the theme's creator didn't want to allow the theme to go under the GNU public license; so the Firefox creators had to create there own, which was unfortunately released whilst still pretty crappy looking. Overall, Firefox is an extremely well rounded browser that is streamlined, fast and highly extensible. It allows you to do what you want with it when you want to. The only possible problem is that it still hasn't had its 1.0 release – and there are probably a couple more bugs than you might expect; however, admittedly, I have yet to encounter any problems or bugs at all with 0.9; other than when I first installed it, the themes did not properly install.  Becca's just gone, I've spent the last half hour on the phone, writing this offline. Need to go have a crappily dull evening now. Post this first though ;)  Song of the moment: Bohemian Rhapsody Book of the moment: 1984 - George Orwell and The Silmarillion - J.R.R. Tolkien