Got a few job offer today.....including two as a financial adviser. Not my cup of tea though. 10 pm...Danny and gang jio for supper. I actually intended to ride my dad's bike to go for supper but the toopid bike just wont start for me...fed up and give up on it liao. Took a bus instead. It was an interesting supper where as usual became a tok cock session. The gang was talking about going to genting. Well, the PKL gang can neber be focus on 1 topic. Proven again today cos we will drift off the planning of the genting trip everytime we start discussing about it. My opinion?? The mood and mindset is not right. The discussion was too hap-hazard. Finally got something out of it after 3 hrs of talk cock cum planning session.  Perhaps i am too rigid....my character.....i think that there should be some form of agenda in the discussion ....even in informal setting. At least it keeps people focus and not drift. This is the reason why sometimes i dont like discussing things that needs planning in informal setting but got to learn and make use of such a setting in the future. No environment is bad, I just have to learn to adapt..... Hahaha....   Danny and I , with the rest of the gang were talking about going diving soon . I am very interested in this but due to $$$ problem, i would need to plan and save for it. But i predict that it will be another N.A.T.O ( a.k.a No Action Talk Only). I don't mind going during term period of next year but personally i would favour a fixed date and time thingy instead of NATO.  Another topic that arose during the supper that kept me silently thinking about certain issues. Is woman a liability to man when they are old? A lady friend was very supportive of this notion while the rest are against it. If i am at my normal self just now, i would had tackled this notion head on cos i found numerous loopholes and traps my friends had fallen into. Perhaps it is the night that made me ponder a while before i doing anything rash. Firstly, i can sense some form of subjectivety and personal attachment (problems)  in my lady friend that might have caused her to give a rather strong response. Then, the others are trying to convince her using a rather direct approach. I used to think only from my point of view only but this time round i tried to analysed her argument from her point of view. I knew that she has some problems and if i take the direct approach by joining into the arguement, this will only give a reverse effect. By trying to understand her mindset, I chose to keep quiet on my stand for once cos i know that if i join in the discussion , it will become extremely heated and unfair to her.This gave me a chance to think thru wat she had said while drinking my cup of Teh Cino. Winning an argument in this case was not difficult for me but to be able to feel for friends and make them happy ( or at least not so stress/angry/ watever) is worth more than winning an argument. Sometimes people just need an chance to pour out their unhappiness, i think this is one of those time. I think I've grown a tiny bit today from the way i have handled myself in this situation. Silence is sometimes golden indeed  Went home just in time for Champions League soccer. Chelsea vs Monaco. Chelsea does not deserve to be knocked out of the Champions league man. The way they played in the first half, they can match any team in the world....2 words....Simply Fabulous. The neber gave up even till the last minute and that is what i call professionalism. Chelsea did not lose to Monaco. They lost to themselves by leaving their scoring boots in the cupboard. Numerous chances squandered. If taken those chances, Chelsea would have killed of the competition in the first half. Monaco is excellent too..coming back from 2-0 to chase back to 2-2. Credit to them too. Worth the time spent staying up to watch the match. Long since i last watched late nite soccer.   Got to koonz liao  signing off Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know