yesterday was one of the most incredible days i've had in a long time.  it started off not-so-good...well only part was not good.  i woke up early and decided to go get some new memory for my computer.  i went to the closest store by me and they were out so i decided to bring the wireless adapter that i still had but belonged to the boys back to their house so i could go to the store by them.  i got my memory, got chai tea at caribou along with an almond poppyseed muffin (my favorite muffin), bought a sunday paper, and then headed over to the boys house.  i rang the doorbell and there wasn't really an answer so i tried the door and it was unlocked so i was just going to leave the adapter on the table or something but as soon as i walked through the door, kurt came around the corner and i think i scared him.  i said hi and he didn't say anything.  i handed him the adapter and said that i was just dropping it off.  i then said "i hope you have a good day" and he still didn't say anything to me.  when i got back home i im'd him and apologized for scaring him and/or waking him up.  no reply...and he wasn't idle.  then i asked why he wasn't talking to me and what i did.  no answer.  i started to cry again.  i hope they know how much this hurts.  the worst part is that they won't even tell me what i did.  drew told me that it probably has to do with shea's "love 'em and leave 'em" mentality.  and shea is sort of the deciding factor in that group...they always agree with him and do what he wants...so i guess that probably is the case.  i guess i should've believed him when he explained his problems with relationships and how he insisted that he couldn't be friends with someone he dated and how i'd end up hating him and our friendship would get destroyed.  i guess maybe that's the issue...he has this notion that everything is going to end up that way so it does because he makes it that way (and maybe it's not intentional).  i just really want to know what i did...and i wish someone would tell me...even if it wasn't any of them.  on the other hand, maybe i didn't do anything wrong and so they can't tell me what i did wrong because it really has everything to do with them.  it's hard because i really do miss them...dammit....i'm crying again.  why has my life been so trying?  it's not fair...i really deserve better than this.  i'm a good person and everywhere i turn people treat me like i don't have any feelings and they take me for granted.  anyway...that was a long tangent.  back to the great part of my day.  so we drove to zimmerman and met up at the birthday girl's house.  she also went to olaf but graduated with my roommate, although i had met her before while at olaf.  he house was so neat!  there was a huge indoor pool with a slide.  and they were on 15 acres so they had this incredible living room that jutted out over their yard so the view was breathtaking.  we left there and went to a rollerrink nearby.  i had so much fun skating.  i haven't been rollerskating in what seems like forever.  it's actually quite interesting how after rollerblading for so many years rollerskating is pretty difficult.  i quickly got the hang of it again though.  anyway, after a little while her brother came with a friend of his (they are both 23).  so i noticed that he had been watching me while i skated around and i went over to stand by amber and i all of a sudden did the funniest fall ever.  i started to fall backwards but i caught myself only to overcorrect it and start falling foward.  i caught myself again but went backwards a second time and then fell forward.  i ended up catching myself by putting my hands on the floor that time so i didn't get knocked all the way to the ground, but it was still embarrassing...especially since her cute brother was watching the whole thing.  anyway, i went back out on the floor only to come in right away since there were so many little kids running into me.  i sat over on one of the benches and then her brother came over and sat next to me and said "back already?"  so i explained to him that the kids were out of control and that they didn't know what they were doing and were quite dangerous because they can't steer themselves.  he agreed with me but then got called away by his friend.  the floor was starting to clear up so i went back out and skated for a while.  he was still watching me and talking to his friend and his friend kept looking at me too.  then i noticed that he started skating around and he would go really fast and catch up to me and then he would slow down but then i would speed up.  he finally caught up to me and started a conversation with me.  he introduced himself to me and wanted to know my name.  he then started to ask questions about me.  then a game started so we had to separate.  he got out in the first round and i made it to the last round but then got out.  when i went over to the group we were with after getting out he started talking to me right away and sat by me.  then we all got ready to leave and headed back to the house.  we went down to the bonfire and it was the biggest bonfire i've ever seen.  it was so hot too...everyone was down to their t-shirts.  anyway, we talked a little bit more but we both kind of drifted over to people we knew again.  then back up to the house for cake and ice cream.  as i was leaving i said bye to everyone and he looked at me with a look i've seen before but can't place.  i can't even explain it, but he said goodbye and told me that it was great meeting me and that he hoped we'd see eachother again.  i doubt we will, but i definitely wouldn't mind seeing him again!  it was just a nice, relaxing day, especially after being so emotional about the boys again.  i really do hope that we can all be friends again someday.  unfortunately, i think they see me as another "stef" and have cut off all ties with me.  it's even worse than how they treat her though because kurt still talked to her even though the other 2 guys stopped.  with me, none of them will talk to me.... :(