I'm not a lush. Seriously, I'm not. Now that I'm in grad school I go out maybe 2 or 3 weekends a month. And often, going out involves visiting the classy bar/restaraunt type places drinking a single glass of Dry Riesling or White Zinfandel and heading home. There's no prepartying, or frat parties, or any of that glorious undergrad drinking behavior. And yet, I still remain the queen of bad drinking decisions.  So far we've only had 3 fairly big parties in our department this year (not counting my birthday party, as I was the hostess, being sloshed was not an option. I was too worried about our clogged toilet and guests showing up early and every other mini drama to drink too much.) And so far, every party has ended with me being escorted home with much concern by more sober others. There are people in our department who go out way more often and drink a lot more than I do, but I don't think they are gaining the reputation of "department ridicuous drunk girl." I'm afraid that might be slowly becoming me.  How do I always end up passed out on the floor of the host's bedroom or underneath a pile of guest's coats? Do I completely lack self control? Do I have the wimpiest tolerance in the world? Am I so socially awkward that I'm afraid I can't have a good time without being inebriated? I have to say its none of the above. I end up this way because I am the most competetive person I know. How does competetiveness equal drunken debauchary, you may ask?  This is partly because I also have been labouring for about the past 8 years or so that I can drink a lot more alcohol than I actually can, and believe that I am a master chugger. I cannot turn down a drinking competition or a chugging challenge.   Last night after 3 fairly strong rum & cokes I was about to call it an evening. I think i even had my jacket on and was heading out the door. And then, someone challenged me to a beer chugging contest. By the way, I never drink beer (which always comes as a shock to everyone who knows me). This was probably the 3 beer I've ever drunk in my life. But I decided to take the challenge. Much to my dissapointment, I lost (though the girl who defeated me also won a guinness chiugging contest against a much bigger guy, so I think she's just a master beer chugger).  Then, I suppose to defend my honor or something, I was challenged to a tequilla drinking contest. That one was called a tie, though I think I won. Considering that my challenger was a guy, and had not just finished a beer chugging contest I think I should have been granted the win if it were too close to call.  Needless to say, I spent much of this morning on the bathroom floor and the rest of the day in bed. I was convinced for awhile that perhaps I had caught the flu. It was just a coincidence that I happened to be very much hurting the day after I had made more than a few bad drinking decisions. It probably wasn't the flu.  I don't know why I always do this. Maybe because I actually go to these sorts of parties so rarely that I've already forgotten the misery that ensues afterwards. There should be some conditioning taking place here that would lead me to stop chugging contests. And yet, sadly, I don't think I will. As my friend here often says "As  urlLink  Mason Verger  says in  Hannibal  'It seemed like a good idea at the time.'"  urlLink  postCount('108166143007885167');