My apologies for not getting this up earlier. I have completely revamped the stylesheet and templates for the new site. The template changes have removed ALL inline styles, proprietary coding and non-structural, non-semantic XHTML from the templates.   My goal with the stylesheets is to create a uniform, cross-browser look and feel identical to the look and feel approved by the committee. I have specified styles for every HTML tag (viewable at  urlLink http://webdev.alma.edu/academics  ) in order to allow us to decide how everything on our site appears, and not a web browser.. So far it is pretty close, my cursory observations seem to have even whipped IE 5.0/Win into shape. At the bottom of the aforementioned page are also the classes we have defined in order to make some layout easier. Styles can also be defined or redefined in the "Extra Header Content" section of the CMS now   We need to decide a uniform, site-wide style for floating boxes, side column etc. Right now, admissions does it one way, athletics another, and the campus tour a third. I'd like to specify this outright so as to maintain the institutionalized feel we had invisioned. There are a few questions we need to answer, and maybe they'd be better addressed by the committee:     Form inputs: is it worth giving them a light background color if it will not show up in IE?   Horizontal Rules: Right now, they have been reset to centered, 90% width and the rest default. This appears differently in all browsers. There is much we could do with them. For example, this is an  hr  tag: Isn't that pretty?   Legends and fieldsets: once again, we should control these as much as possible, put them within our color scheme and define how they behave.     These details may seem minute, but as van der Rohe said, "God is in the details." Consider this a Draft. I can update or modify the stylesheet if they cause problems in any browser, and please notify me if they do. In addition, I've put together a print stylesheet that strips navigation, hides links and displays a page-appropriate letterhead. The current design was arbitrary, and I look to others to tell me how this should appear.