urlLink    The effects of revision...  urlLink     I am so bored. Soooo boooored. So bored I think I might just fall off this chair and die, quietly, right here, listening to the new Billy Talent single (River Below), surrounded by notes on Samsara and Nirvana and the 3 marks of existence and fuck knows what else I have to revise before tomorrow. It wouldn't be so bad if:  a) my folder was better organised b) I had made notes from the piles of photocopied sheets that were thrust my way over the last year c) Mrs. Rogers was a better teacher, and hadn't simply thrust piles of photocopied sheets my way but actually taught us stuff we could make good notes from, thus making my folder better organised.  You know, whenever I bitch about her, I always feel like she's watching me... it's probably the RS teacher effect... *looks over shoulder*  Besides the woes of revision, I have made a surprising discovery: Fountains Of Wayne (you know, the ones that did that song about Stacy's Mom... you know, they had that Rachel Hunter woman in the video... oh, never mind) are actually quite good! Dad bought their album after hearing them on some "New Generation of Young'uns" CD that came with his Classic Rock magazine, and it turns out it's a pretty cool, summery album. What is the point of Classic Rock magazine, incidentally? It seems that every time I pick it up all I find is a 1324254303 page feature on the excessive, debauched days of "real Rock'n'Roll" back in the seventies, or a list of the top 100 frontment/guitarists/drug takers (which is always inevitably won by either Freddie Mercury or Robert Plant). Surely they must have realised that they've covered all that stuff at least once by now, right?  Talking of Top 100 lists (Warning: Rant ahead), I read 2 of them this weekend, both of which were the top 100 British albums everinthehistoryoftheworld, or something. The first in Dad's Q magazine (yes, he does buy every music magazine he can find) named Oasis' "Definitely Maybe" as the best British album. PAH! Mediocre. How anyone can speak of a band with a frontman as twattish and talentless as Liam Gallagher with such high regard is beyond me. The same goes for Guns 'n' Roses, by the way. Axl Rose is a big ginger knob. And where is the new GnR album, by the way? Now now, that's another rant for another day... The second Top 100 list was in The Observer's Music Monthly magazine, and listed its No. 1 album as The Stone Roses' self titled CD. I don't know it, so I can't really judge, but there seems to be a trend forming for music publications to say the mid 90s Britpop movement was more influential, more important, even, than all the real, groundbreaking stuff that happened in the 60s and 70s like The Beatles, The Stones, Zeppelin (although I hate them I have to give credit where it's due) or Pink Floyd. Having said that (I told you it was a rant), The Beatles took up positions 2, 3, 6 and 7 in the list, which is just a little over the top, in my opinion. The Streets were in the Observer's list as well, position 70-something. This doesn't really surprise me as the Observer has its collective head up Mike Skinner's townie ass, but it still bothers me. I will not carry on for much longer (promise), but I will say this: MUSIC MADE BY THE STREETS IS NOT MUSIC. IT IS A SILLY MAN TALKING OVER A RANDOM BEAT IN AN ANNOYING ACCENT. PLEASE STOP LISTENING TO IT. Thankyou.  Ceff (going for a lie down) x   They'll think I'm insane, but you'll all know my name...