Last week was filled with many fun/scary/significant events. I finally decided that I was definitely going to go to the Leavers' Ball, put my money where my mouth is and bought a ticket. So far, I have no pangs of regret, but I certainly have no great enthusiasm for the whole affair. Laura has lost her ticket; Pave says she can't give her another one, and has also told Laura that she can't give her name and ticket number at the door, because of "security problems we had last year", so Laura spent today searching between the chemistry lab and the form room for her missing ticket, before going to ask Cindi to see if she could get a more forgiving result. I'm so glad that we get such good service for the high price of the ticket....  Talking of tickets, it says on mine (in fact, them all) that it is "Black Tie", so upon this discovery I dragged out my bridesmaid dress and tried it on. It's too big. Bugger. My mum is too scared to take it in and says it looks fine, but I feel horribly fat in it and I don't think it will flatter me at all. I tried Em's bridesmaid skirt on- a snug, but good fit, and am contemplating whether or not I should just wear that with my purple stilettos and a purple top. My first plan was to wear my strawberry dress, but it seems that this is not formal enough. Hmph. Accessorisation seems to be the way to go on this issue. Is accessorisation a word? Well, it is now.  We didn't go and see Win A Date With Tad Hamilton. Debbs dropped out to see Matt instead, Bex had to finish her Tech coursework and we were late for the mid-afternoon Tad Hamilton showing, so in the end me and Sel went to see 50 First Dates. Don't waste your money: the jokes were funny and Drew Barrymore looks gorgeous, but the plot was so flawed it was impossible to really get into it. Something I did get into, however, was Funeral For A Friend on Wednesday. After Frankie dropped out at the last minute, I had to ring Lucy in a state of panic at 10 O' clock Tuesday night and ask her to come with me. Thankfully, she did and the gig was amazing; there were 3 (3!) support bands, 2 of whom were shite but the middle one was bearable, and Funeral were just amazing. The lead singer has a mouth like a toilet though; every other word was "fuck" or "fuckin'", which started to get on my nerves after a while, but then they'd play a song and I'd fall in love with them all over again. Of course, my mother was, for the first time, highly disapproving of my going to this gig, because it was...  My German oral exam on Thursday morning! After writing, scrapping and re-writing my presentation 2 days beforehand, understandably I had a few worries about my first exam. Thankfully though, it went fine and Mrs. Dalgleish really played to my strengths, and says if she was marking it she'd give me and A or a B, which certainly takes the pressure off for the written exam. Phew! The best thing that happened that day was after the oral, when I arrived at 12.20 to my first General Studies session, which started at 10.30, and said to Mrs. Clothier, "Hi... Sorry I'm late", hehehe.  Of course, all of this happened unbenownst to my Dad, who, when he rang me last night (instead of Thursday, when he said he would) told me that he had no idea that I had a gig and an exam this week, even though they were the last things I said to him as I got out the car on Monday, when I saw him. Out of sight, out of mind, eh? Never mind.  4 days of school left now. Everyone seems to have something to complain about currently; most popular is the Leavers' Ball, while another is the teachers and how they don't care, closely followed by something along the lines of "I'm so fucking sick of school and can't wait to get out of this shithole". Am I the only person that appreciates the really good education we've received while we've been here? Yeah, so we have to come in for registration and give reasons why we're late; yeah, so some teachers make mistakes and some are worse than others, but good grief, if we'd gone to a regular comprehensive, our teaching and treatment would have been ten times worse. All I want to do this week is chill out, not hear any complaints and enjoy the last week of the place that's got me to where I am now and will help me to get where I want to go in the future.  OK, so now my hands are getting tired and Kat is complaining that she has nothing to read (hehehe), so I will tell you all about Mark's 21st Birthday party and spending the afternoon with Sam and Kris another time.  Ceff x   Whether inflation, or globalisation, fear is a weapon of mass destruction