so much for an ultra kilig summer. everyday, i end up in an oven hot corner of the house, surfing the internet, totally bored. i end up feeling so cruel at night. somehow, i lost myself. man, i overdid cruelty....  i wonder if mistakes really are irreversable. i wonder if a person really could forgive and forget. i wonder if they're still angry at me. i wonder what will happen if i just ignore it. i mean, raxzeez, or whatever his name is, in malaysia. lyle's in america and jammi's in marikina. God, i wonder why i feel so confused.  lately i've been thinking....you know, about out of this world stuff. like my principles[i have few], nations' beliefs, human reactions. it's slowly coming to me that maybe we're all link with somethng inside us. something like an inner self. it's not exactly a feeling but more of a state of being.   shit, what the hell am i saying?? this heat is driving me nuts...........  i can't help worrying about stuff. more like boys. yeah, i admit, i am boy crazy but i keep it to a minimum. hah! nice joke of mine! anyway, raxzeez is pissed off, lyle said, "pls don't hate me" and jami hasn't been on-line. my God, this internet is bringing me headaches......and heartaches as well. it's not really the internet's fault. duh it's a thing. it's my fault....always is.....  aha! i just found out another stupid fact about me. i blame other people for my dumb mistakes. see, i blamed lyle. i blame the internet. dammit, i even blame my own parents. i know in reality, which is outside my weird fantasy land, there's only thing to blame. God? i wish....no, it's me. duh! every person is responsible for his own actions. that's kinda like one the basic things in life. right? right!  aaugh....i am so disgusted of myself. i lie a lot. it's a bad habit. even worse than my nail biting. besides being a big fat liar, i'm a complete idiot. i fool others and end up fooling myself.   i wonder why i'm so...like this today. must be because of that message i recieved from this weird guy...or girl. s/he emailed me saying, "do you know yourself? be real...." it was really creepy and i don't think it's a spam because my email add has spam guard on it. but hey, whoever you are, thanks.   i guess i can't say "bahala na" because it does no good. like me! maybe i should say it....wahahaha...whatever....  i wonder what's it like die....maybe it isn't so bad..you know, you'll be put out of your misery but it's running away from your stuff. maybe if i don't eat and die of hunger, it won't be suicide. stupid me, of course it is.   "angels are embodiments of love. they cannot love."-jammi i don't understand it. but i guess finding out would give me a litte deep thinking to do.   oh Divine Inspiration, why have you stopped blessing me?.....hahaha........how corny.....