T is in the process of finding herself since she is no longer the person she was in earlier years.  At 30, she isn't the person that she thought she would become.  She has grown tired of activism, and she is slowly settling in to a quieter life.  There are no battles to win.  The revolution is over.  Her life consists of me, a child, a couple of dogs, and a cat.  Her priorities have changed.  She is making grocery lists and buying gardening supplies and outdoor furniture.  To me, this seems like a perfect life.  She was hoping for something more exciting...something like correcting the world's social injustices.  I thought I would be doing exactly what I am doing.  Well, almost.  I'd graduate from college, teach, and be a wife and mother.  I had no other goals in life.  Everything was leading up to this moment.  The only difference is I never planned on sharing my life with a woman.  I thought I'd be married to a man.  My mother told me that every woman's dream was to be a wife and mother.  She prepared me at an early age to be the right man's wife.  I've known little else.  I had dreams of white weddings, marrying into the "right" family, and giving birth to beautiful, healthy children.  As a little girl, I was thumbing through Horchow and Neiman Marcus Home planning out my living room, dining room and bedroom!  To some women including my feminist partner, this may seem like oppression.  I have never felt oppressed.  I felt free from real responsibility and the weight of the world which in my opinion was better left to men (namely my father)!  I was content being a  domestic goddess as I am now.  I don't know very many people who have achieved the things in life they had once dreamed of achieving.  I also don't know very many people who are the same as adults as they were as young adults.  We are constantly evolving and that's ok.  There's nothing wrong with change.  There's nothing wrong with getting to know yourself and being content with the person you meet.  So in closing, sometimes you don't have to dream big to live big.  What is simple in one person's eyes may be complex and satisfying in another person's eyes.  As some rush to further complicate their lives, I sit and enjoy my seemingly humble existence.