HAPPY NEW YEAR!  Yes, 2004 has rolled around, as we look forwards to yet another year of school. Oh... goodie (sarcasm). Nah, just kidding. It will be fun. Trust me. There'll be new classes, new seating plans, new timetables. Most importantly, school will be 10 minutes shorter. Yay!   Visitors  Yeah, Jan 1 2004 might only happen once every... ever but there's only so much one can say about the joy of going to school. So here's something much more exciting: I saw three people this week! Yes, 3. Not one, not two, not four, but three. On the 31st Zoe came over to my house. This was because I rang her up the day before. We talked about what's been happening (it turns out that nothing much has been happening at all), Christmas presents (hers are significantly better), and stuff like that. I suffered the unfortunate experience of talking to her sister. Yet another reason why I like talking to people face to face. If Zoe's sister had come within a five meter radius of me I could've got a water gun, claimed that it was holy water, and hope that she'd show her true demonic self and disappear into a puff of smoke. If not that then at least I would be able to get her significantly wet, which in my opinion is just as good, if not better than making her return to the fiery hell from which she came. Anyway, Zoe came over the next day atop the great motorcycle. We headed straight for the bedroom. To be more specific, I headed straight for the laptop which was coincidentally in the bedroom and Zoe followed me. There we played fun games, such as Donkey Kong Country 3 for SNES. We played in team mode; I was Dixie, she was Kiddy. This was all possible because of my new Wingman Precision USB Game Controller. I played keyboard while Zoe used the controller. In the end she gave up because I was winning to much. Dixie just wouldn't die. I think she was disadvantaged from word go using Kiddy because... well... Kiddy sucks. Anyway, after that we headed down to the Fish and Chip Shop (closed) and the Deli, where I bought a pie and Zoe purchased Salt and Vinegar pringles AND Salt and Vinegar chips. After eating (and reading the back of the Pringles packet and trying to identify which countries the abbreviations stood for (eg, Ch was either China or Chechnya)) we headed back to the computer and played Super Smash Bros. for N64 (obviously). Zoe played the entire 1 player game with Kirby and unlocked Jigglypuff, who we didn't really want, but got anyway. Then we played two player games. She always went either Kirby of Yoshi. I always went either went Yoshi or (having guts) went someone totally random. I do believe that I won nearly every match (except for when I played Captain Falcon and one where we both went Yoshi). We were just in the middle of a great game of Yoshi vs. Kirby when Zoe had to leave.   Return of the King  Wowee! I saw Return of the King and it is the best movie in existence. There I was, sitting at home when there's a knock on the door. It's Brad and Brad. They show me the RotK tickets and I was sort of like...  Hmm... should I go? It might be long and boring. Oh well, I have nothing to do...  so I went. Let me now apologise for ever having second thoughts about going to the movie. It was honestly brilliant. Captivating. Very, very good. Let me set the scene in your mind. There are three on a journey. Hordes of hideous beasts march past, oblivious to the small trio journeying towards their destination. The road is long and treacherous. Already food and drink are dwindling in the crowded environment. The reason for them going is an item. So small, yet so powerful. Anyone would crave to get their hands on it... and it's power. After the journey is complete the item will be destroyed forever, gone for good.  They reached the end of the trial and the ticket man tore up my ticket. Then it was finally time to watch the movie.   120 minutes later  Wow. I love it! It's just so... wow. If you haven't seen it already, then what are you? Stupid? Go see it!