Wasting time on education? huh!   Wed Aug 25 22:23:17 1999    Okay..so my major in college is Human Biology and my minor is Chemistry for pre-medicine. Though I know I'm going for pre-med and am very much so excited about it, I know that I might someday decide (or have decided) to rather go into the graduate school of medicine and much rather go into research which would still be dealing with the health field! Now, my third plan is that if neither of those work, I'd love to become a professor of one of the behavioral sciences out there (psychology, Sociology, Antropology), or a professor of biology! Now, the thing which annoys are people who ask, "hmm..what's your major" and so I tell them, then their eyes open and they are like "damn you know how long you'll be in school for that?" I mean come on...damn right I knew/know how long I'll be in school for my professions, but I'm not gonna give up just because it'll take me around 11 years or after high school!! People in our society are way too impatient or stupid and people who say crap to me like "wow, what are you getting yourself into" are stupid! I mean, yes there are tons of people out there who are doctors, or professor (my dad is one of Electrial Engineering at my University!)...but hey, they made it that far and they weren't impatient and didn't give up! Why should I..and well that's really not the point, the point is that I want to do what I'm doing!  The only way I'll ever be happy is if I become a doctor or a professor, but that is my goal in life! And that's like my one goal which I really really want to achieve, so why should I give it up! And if god granted me life, why don't I live it to the fullest and become something to help humanity or become something I've always wanted to be! I mean others can get to where they want to be by going to college for 4 years, even others can get to where they want to get by not going to college at all, but I want to go where I've dreamed of and it'll just take me around 11 years (or less)...I should be entitled to fulfill my dream as well..that's all!  Note: yes education is very important to me..but yes I know, that one should also not indulge themselves in only education as well...education is just one thing which is a part of someone's life...and in this argument I was 'only' talking about 'education'..yet there are 'other' things!