Yesterday, I was going to write about the Bears practice, but then it got cancelled. It really doesn't make sense that a team which is ranked last in the NFL by most of the writers and who is implimenting a new and complicated offensive system cancels practice because of the humidity.    To put me back in a good mood, I started to read Jack Handey quotes from Saturday Night Live. The more quotes I read, the more I started to realize that Jack Handey and I think alike! Here are 15 hilarious quotes in no particular order:    1.     If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you are swimming  2.     Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke". But to me, that's what her dinner tasted like.  3.     Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny .   4.      Marta was watching the football game with me when she said, "You know, most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny .   5.      Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants .   6.      It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man .   7.     If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying". And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did".  8.     To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad .   9.      If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away .   10.      One things kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no", I said, "Disneyland burned down." He cried and cried, but I thought that deep down, he thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late .   11.     Here's a good trick: Get a job as a judge at the Olympics. Then, if some guy sets a world record, pretend that you didn't see it and go, "Okay, is everybody ready to start now?"  12. If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be "Prince of Weasels", because then I could go up and bite people and they would turn around and go, "What the-?" And then they would recognize me, and go, "Oh, it's you, the Prince of Weasels."  13.     I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death .   14.     Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis  15.  He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection. I guess that's what I hated about him.