yeah, i guess i haven't really written down any thoughts on this matter yet.   about two weeks ago alley found out for sure that she was pregnant. it was exciting. she feels bad that she didn't think of some creative way to tell me about it, but i'm actually kind of glad she just called me at work and said, guess what? i kind of doubt my ability to decode a bizarre attempt to tell me about it.  anyway, we walked over to the mall over the weekend and looked at baby clothes and stuff. it was dang cool. alley was getting all excited and stuff. i was, too. she thought the clothes were cute and everything. i was mainly thinking about the little girl that was planning on going inside them and getting excited about that. i have these images of holding her and stuff. it's real cool. i don't really think i'm ready to do the fatherhood thing, but i think i'm about as ready as i'll be at any time in the future without kids. if that makes sense.  life is just being really good to us right now. alley is feeling better than she has, the money situation just keeps getting better, i got speakers at work, alley got a haircut...i mean, what's really not good? nothing.  the haircut looks really good, by the way. i don't know if it's that or something else, but i'm feeling more attracted to her since she got it last night than is usual. i was watching her get ready for bed last night and something about her body was just incredibly beautiful. practically irresistable, actually. now she's coming to get me for lunch, and i'm making plans.  oh, and the new job at legacy foundation is working out pretty well, too. i got paid yesterday, and it was more than i had expected, and i found out i'll get the raise for this next pay period, so i'm feeling pretty good. work at investools is still good. working on learning the product so that we can have that as a tool in providing for our future and that of our family.  leaving for idaho, the jumping-off point for washington, tomorrow. we're both psyched. it's going to be dang cool. the drive will be long, but nice. the stay will also be fun. we're planning on camping and stuff for some of the nights, so that'll be really cool. i think we're going to the rain forest and to some beach to sleep, so yeah. plus, there's all this other stuff. maybe we'll find a shaved noodle shop in the international district. wouldn't that be nice?