Reading Bates' article seems strikingly similar to experiences I've had in working with a local public university which at the time was going through the motions of adopting e-learning. Bates has striked many familiar chords, with the most reverb being in the areas of vision, purpose, and the ability of the teaching faculty to adapt to the new learning modes.   First of all, I believe that the impetus to adopt technology is no more an option for any university. Communications technology, primarily computers are for the most part an integral component in the course of study, rather than an option. It is the question of in what way can technology improve learning that should be the bigger dilemma needing address.   Basically, the experience I had with the university and the initial steps they took clearly highlights and supports the issues that Bates elaborated, particularly with regards to the organisation, vision, goals and overall implementation. The key problem areas will definitely lie in how the technology will be used, in what role, and by whom.   I think the key issue will lie with the teaching, particularly those involved in it. Technology is easy to have but getting lecturers who are accustomed to face-to-face teaching to deal with the dynamics of flexible online study may be unrealistic. I feel that expecting a university to adapt may not always be a viable solution as it may be more effective to create new departments and faculties designed solely for the provision and support of e-learning. Some universities have already adopted this approach, where a ‘secondary’ or ‘e-university’ is established.   The summary of my reaction to Bates' observations on the dilemma facing a conventional university in e-learning adoption is one of mixed perspectives. Being in agreement with most of his points, it is in my opinion that most universities are just too steeped in bureaucracy and with funds limited and disbursed, not able to establish a coherent and supported e-learning strategy for the long term. The task of changing firm mindsets and opinions on how learning is experienced is of mammoth proportions, especially when e-learning has not yet gained the credibility and trust as conventional learning approaches. (e.g. the Malaysian accreditation body for private tertiary education has yet to recognise e-learning).   Possibly when there is a firmer definition or groundwork made in e-learning technologies, to a point where the necessary bodies (e.g. governments) are able to easily acknowledge, accreditate, and assess will large public universities be able to take steps required in this change. I find it interesting to note that most of the successful universities that engage in e-learning and similar are very much focussed towards it with dedicated departments and staff, or plainly carrying the title of an e-university.