urlLink    my sister and me  urlLink     god i love my sister. she's the weirdest person i've ever known in my life...  she just called me at work to tell me about how she went to her new parents-in-law's house for a family gathering/party this weekend, and when caught unawares by their spontaneous eruption into the "electric slide" on the dancefloor, she began feeling faint upon realizing that in her 32 years she had never learned to electric slide properly.  she tells an ugly, dramatic story of stepping on people's feet, feeling dizzy, and *gasp* sliding in the WRONG direction!  she now thinks she has claustrophia and that all her husband's extended family, in light of her clear lack of dancing knowledge, will now look down upon her for years to come.  she called me, her little sister, for assurance that "everything is going to be alright" and what i'm sure will be known through the generations as the "great electric slide disaster of 2004" would not haunt her existence for all her living days.    that's my sister.  paranoid. hypo-chondriac. drama queen. stubborn. wildly insecure about the strangest, most random things.  that will always be my sister.  intelligent. beautiful. hilarious. truthful. principled. erm...unique.  it's good to be reminded of that from time to time.  she got married on a saturday in june, and moved away to atlanta, ga with her new husband the following monday.  despite putting on a brave front the whole week before, as soon as their rental car pulled off from in front of our house headed for the airport and my sister's new life as a married woman with in-laws, my mom walked straight into the living room, straight over to the nearest couch and wept like i'd never seen her weep.  i'm not one for "brave fronts" so i was already crying.  when i think about it, i guess it really was quite traumatic. from the time i was five and my sister was 13, it's always just been the three of us: me, mom, and sis. understandably, we have this incredible bond, and it's hard dealing with the reality of growing up and moving on and that our family can't stay the same.  i haven't cried about her departure since she left, but i guess i haven't really processed it. it still kind of feels like she's on a long vacation, but i know she's not, and somehow seeing all this in writing is bringing the tears that i just claimed had been absent...  funny.  yeah, i do miss my sister.  but i'm so happy that she was able to find a man to who loves her and helps her feel secure and who brings her joy.  i'm equally as happy that marriage or no, she's the same person who'll be afraid that she used a word that didn't accurately convey what she tried to say in an e-mail to or a conversation with someone, and call me to ask what i think the word means and the contexts in which it is properly used, and ask me about that ONE word for about 10-15 minutes and not EVER be satisfied with my answers.  and even if my answers are insufficient in the effort to assuage her anxiety, as annoying as that can be sometimes, it feels good to know that  she  knows that she can call and harangue me over anything, no matter how insignificant it may seem to most other people. she knows she can do that because she knows that i'm familiar with who she is and the idiosyncracies that make her so...erm...unique. she knows that she can push me to wit's end because she's my sister and i love her regardless.  what a weird and splendid woman she is.