dude, so i mostly keep typing these because i don't ever remember having this many vivid dreams in this short a time period... wonder why exactly that is...  so i woke up from this partway through the night and am a little hazier on details...  ~~~~~~~~~~~  so i'm in class w/ the usual math crew... later we're all working (but none of this is in hill center, our real math building... it's in a newer place) and i go to find one person in particular (who will remain nameless) only to find them and another person (not a math person, but the roommate of one of my other math friends) falling asleep in the first person's office... the place has heaters like my apartment... small electric boxes near the floorboard, which are running full blast... there's a newspaper spread out on the floor between them with a news story that was really weird, but i can't remember it anymore... it was like the talk of the day... i only see the 2nd person from the back, but the newspaper's getting wet... it looks like they're crying on it.. i tink nothing of it, but look closer at the paper and it's starting to smoke... eventually i figure out that the combination of the paper on the floor, close to the heater, and the tears, for some reason are about to light it on fire... i comment to the people, they're like "yeah whatever, we'll take care of it", and then i leave.  ...do other random stuff... i go outside to move my car for no good reason whatsoever... i moved it from like the hill center parking lot here on the rutgers campus to the back "U" of the parking area at immanuel (mom's school in memphis)... go back inside  later, i'm in a room with lots of small children, and many of my same friends as usual (leigh, scott, colleen, eric, etc.), and one of the immanuel preschool teachers working on who knows what, when we somehow realize the building's on fire, and the cause was the burning paper in the office i had been in before... no clue how we knew this, we just did... apparently the fire's out of control... i immediately know whose fault it is, and am about to comment to them but they've suddenly disappeared... i try to open windows, but none of them open except the last one i try... immediately everyone starts helping the small children out the window and down out of the balcony that happens to be there, and down to safety... i insist on gathering peoples important belongings thinking "i'll be fine, people would rather have this stuff than have to replace it with insurance" and it turns into loads and loads of stuff... one or two of my math friends try to convince me to leave too, for my own safety, but i keep looking for stuff to save for people... i give leigh my car keys and tell her to start it up... but go back to work gathering stuff... the person who lit the fire re-appears and tries to convince me to leave, but seeing as it won't work finally helps me get things out of the room... suddenly it morphs into my room at my parents' house in memphis, and not wanting to lose antiques belonging to great-grandparents or have to replace all my clothes with fire insurance money i start gathering things and piling them near the windows... strangely enough this version of my room has a large window over where the head of my bed is (really there's just a wall there between my room and the attic)... this window in my dream has a balcony and then a sloping enough roof below the balcony that one can easily jump down to the ground w/o getting hurt and climb back up again.  i keep throwing stuff out the window and the person who started the fire keeps taking trips with the stuff down to my car... i insist on still rescuing stuff, and it starts getting later in the day... my walls feel warm from the rooms on the other side burning... i see flames licking up the roof outside, but think "it's not in here yet" and keep gathering stuff... notice that the person who had been helping me outside is getting slower and slower between trips... notice it's getting darker and try the lightswitch... it doesn't work anymore... turn around for one last trip thinking i probably really should get out of the burning house and then the room goes black (burning debris crashing into the windows and blocking out what light there is)... i see a small pinprick of light appear and then get hit in the head by something and it all goes black again (unconscious?) ... and then i woke up really suddently...  ~~~~~~~~~~  i mostly type this while i can remember it... i really don't often remember dreams but this was pretty vivid and scary, as was the hostage situation in the last dream i typed up, about a week ago... i've had several other less vivid dreams, mostly involving bad things (like one of my uncles flying to colorado and catching some bizarre illness once he got there and no one could get to him to help) and occasionally just pretty standard not overly exciting (sitting down and having a chat with various people)... but i don't remember this long a stretch where i could remember a dream vividly every night... it also again bothers me who i attribute the fire to (although that's much more passive than the guns last time) and that i was so busy worrying about stuff (once most of the people were taken care of) instead of ensuring the safety of myself and the friends helping me...  in conclusion: my dreams are weird... the end.