Since it's been awhile since I've blogged, I figured I'd better write something.....  I've been married for almost 2 weeks now.  The wedding was the most fabulous it could have been and I quite enjoyed myself.  Not only did I get to look awesome and marry Ted, but everyone we love was there!  And I hear the food was good....I only tasted a few green beans because my dress was so tight I couldn't eat!  One nice thing about getting married is all the money people give you.  We got close to $3000!  It was fun to put all that money in the bank.....but sadly, we then had a lot of bills to pay and it's most gone now :(  Even better than the money, however, are the awesome gifts that you get.  Registry gifts are always appreciated since we registered for the stuff because we like it.....but the non-registry gifts are WAY better.  I make a point of never buying anything off someone's registry, so I appreciate those who went to the trouble to actually think of something wonderful for us.  I won't list gifts because that's tacky, but let me just say that all non-registry gift items (excluding, of course, the shelf with chickens on it) were much loved and appreciated.  However, marriage is not all fun and money and presents.  Oh no.  One major annoyance has been the fact that both Ted's parents and my own called this week to say "Now that you are married, you're not on our health insurance anymore.  Have fun with that."  Let me tell you, this has been a royal pain in the ass.  I'm still insured as a grad student, but Ted isn't....and he needs insurance to pay for his prescriptions.  So, we figured it would be easy to add him to my graduate insurance.  I now finally understand what they GEO is always griping about.  Sure I can add him....that'll be $745 for the next two months!  Yeah right.  I then realized that I can get part time benefits at Borders....except open enrollment was closed.  But lucky for me....I had a "life event" (I got married) so I could still join!  Yippy I say!  Now all I need is proof that I got married.  Well, unlike every other county in this country, when you get married in Cook County you don't get a complimentary copy of your marriage certificate which is the only way anyone believes that you actually got married (by anyone I of course mean health insurance, social security, etc).  So I had the joy of calling Cook County and for $18 they are going to send me a piece of paper that proves I'm married.....but they can't send it today because Reagan died.  Now, I've got my proof, so I can get insurance, right?  Nope.  The drama continues because my darling Ted has a pre-existing condition, so the new insurance company won't insure him unless they have proof from the old insurance company that he was insured before.  So we call the old insurance company.....well, this has gone on for long enough and you all understand the aggravation.  Lesson to be learned -- make sure you parents tell you your insurance will end more than 24 hours before it ends.  I swear, I actually had more interesting things to blog about than insurance.....but it's gone now.  So I'll leave it with this....Ted and I each got our first pair of birkenstocks today and it was fun! :)  By the way...the blogging spellchecker suggested that I replace Ted's name with "teats".  I found that amusing! :)