I'm bipolar. Wait, I'm bipolar??  I went to the doctor last week as I mentioned I would. First, I sat in the waiting room for a whole hour. That was fun. I even had to cancel my tutoring appointment that day because I was running so late after going to the doctor.  Bastards .  Then, I got to sit in a big office and talk about myself for about an hour and a half. Now for some people, this may seem  self-absorbed  or awkward, but man do I love to talk about myself. Bonus points for doing it in an appropriate situation as opposed to at a party. No one likes the conversation monopolist at a party (Miles!).    urlLink    Is this the face of a crazy person??  urlLink     I told this woman, who was  not  the psychiatrist, about my childhood, my relationships, my temper, my mood swings, and my outlook on life ( mostly cloudy ). She took copious notes. She asked salient questions. She was very matter-of-fact and didn't really show a lot of sympathy, which I dug. Professional all the way.  Then I sat in the waiting room some more. You know, because they could tell I was starting to miss it.  Then, I spoke with the psychiatrist for half an hour or so. He had "heard" from his assistant (the woman I spoke with) that I had self-diagnosed as having Borderline personality disorder. He explained to me how the personality disorders, as a category, were messy, disparate, and vague. He then detailed how he personally believed that Borderline people were actually a  grand intersection  of psychological disorders, varying in intensity and frequency. Basically, he thinks that Borderline is a combination of ADHD, PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder), and the bipolar spectrum (which includes depression, mania, and both together as in bipolar disorder).  Is this getting too technical? I apologize.  So, given my symptoms, he diagnosed me as being bipolar. It's true that I don't have episodes of  mania  (except when fried plantains are involved), which is why I got tagged with "bipolar NOS" (not otherwise specified), a variant of bipolar which is kind of a catch-all for the leftovers that don't fit into more classical descriptions of bipolar disorder.   urlLink    How about this? Ok, yeah maybe...  urlLink      He gave me a sample pack of an anti-psychotic to start out with. Whoo, I've finally hit the big time. The first two and a half days that I tried it, I was  miserable . Totally, utterly miserable. I felt completely drained yet hopelessly jittery and restless at the same time. I had to pace around at work and lie on the floor during tutoring. I couldn't find a suitable position to sleep in at night, I was constantly switching chairs in the lab (where I work), and my daily driving around made me feel trapped in a box. It was awful.  I wanted to quit right then, after a day and a half. However, the assistant woman listened to my grievances and assured me that I was feeling some common side effects. I guess the worst part for me was not knowing if it was the medication, or if it was just the heat, stress, allergies, or   something  else. I mean, I had cut down to half a tab on the second day but I still felt crazed. So she suggested I take a quarter tab (yeah, I think that's called  homeopathic medicine ), so that's what I did. The side effects did eventually wear off for the most part. I still feel restless a lot, but I am combating that by walking, running, swimming, and all that other good stuff.  When I got out of that first appointment and walked back down to my car with my little packet of pills and my collection of pamphlets, I started crying. I kept thinking, "So, it has really come to this.  Unbelievable ." For those of you who know me, I hope this isn't too much information for you. I am trying to be forthright with these aspects of my personality because I feel like I've tried to dismiss them and hide them all this time. It seems like that approach backfired on me, so now I'm trying a new approach.  Whatever is truly going on with my brain, I know that it's not such a huge deal. I am what they call " high-functioning ," which for me means that I have pretty much everything going for me except for how I feel. Basically it's a term for people who are able to keep their lives together despite their psychological problems. Some people are devastated by their mental illness, and I know I'm lucky to be able to work, go to school, have friends, and even dress and feed myself.   Got an opinion about  meds  and mental health? I'd love to hear it since I'm new to this whole medicated life thing. IM me or email me...my info is in the profile. In the meantime, I will write about any discernable changes in personality/feeling/mood as they arise. Wish me luck!