I don't know what it is today, but I'm feeling really down.  Okay, actually, I do know what it is, and its a little bit of everything.  I'm just feeling really overwhelmed.  1.    My little brother can be a complete shit.    He intentionally hurt Hayley's feeling last night.  I don't really know what to do about it.  And while I feel completely sorry for Hayley, I also don't understand why she allows herself to be put in that situation.  She knows how Christopher is going to treat her.  She knows that he and Josh are going to go out of their way to exclude her.  She's slowly making herself miserable.  Chris and Josh are to blame, but so is Hayley herself.  2.    Heather is out of control.    She slept with some random guy again last night.  Two weeks in a row now.  She's really scaring me.  She'll probably tell FuckHead all about it and he'll get mad and then hit on her.  She'll probably take him up on it and then regret it later.  Okay, to be fair, she proably won't accept his offer and then she'll regret that later instead.  I wish she'd stop drinking.  I wish she'd at least drink with people who were going to look out for her.  I wish she'd get over FuckHead.  3.    My job sucks.    Which you think would be evident by the fact that I'm able to Blog at work.  I was late (again) today, and Karen turned me in.  She also told me to get all the shit up from around my desk.  Suzanne wants to know about Way's travel.  I'm certain that people will be in looking for thier money later.  I just ahven't felt like doing anything and up until this week, I'd been able to get away with doing nothing.  Now it looks as though I'm going to have to actually work.  For shame.  4.    Lia is sickly today.    Which even though it isn't my fault, it still makes me feel like a bad mother.  Go figure.  5.    I want to marry Samuel Powell Collins.    Tomorrow.  Hell, on my lunch break.  But not only would my friends and family absolutely flip out, I'm not certain Sam would go for it.  I think that my intensity sometimes scares him.  I think that sometimes he doesn't know what to do with me.  I know he loves me.  I just think its going to wear off.  On that same note, different song:  6.    I really miss Seth Thornberry right now.    I wonder if he thinks about me as often as I think about him.  I wonder if Tara makes him happy.  I wonder if he really wants me at the wedding.  I miss him.  I want him to still be a part of my life.  I love Sam eternally, and don't want anyone other than him, but I miss Seth still, and probably will my entire life.  Heather told me you have two true loves in life:  your first (Seth) and the one that lasts (Sam?).  Why can't they be the same person?  I suppose that would be too easy.  :)