- A post in which Andrew tries (vainly) to argue that his hysteria is not hysteria  -   A student   (who I like very much, in case you're reading, unnamed student) accused me in class recently of being a conspiracy theorist.    I thought of her accusation in the shower after I wrote the last email.    I think that there's a part of being reflective about shifts in the contemporary political climate (particularly if the shifts that you illuminate feature your own position as being one-down) that makes you sort of SOUND like a conspiracy theorist.    SO to distinguish my last post rant from a conspiracy theory, let me clarify how I am like and unalike conspiracy theorists: (how very aristotelian / rationalist of me)  1. conspiracy theorists always reveal a victim.  (I fall into this category.  I reveal the socio-political causes of the contemporary Liberals to be victimized.)  2. conspiracy theorists always allude to an extant body of secret knowledge. (I don't think I fit here.  I admire the righties for being able to harness a particular kind of populist rhetoric, but i don't think there's any secret knowledge submerged by them.  Au contraire -- I think its a particular work ethic, combined with a particular a-theoretical bent, a willingness to embrace media institutions, and a proficiency at using the free market to build their audience)  3. conspiracy theorists point to a body of poweful others who protect the secret knowledge & who victimize the victim (albeit indirectly).  (Here's another important point of divergence.  I DON'T believe in a "vast right wing conspiracy"  I think the right wing (like the left) is made up of a curiously diverse set of bedfellows who sometimes aren't even bedfellows, but in terms of ACCESS to the vast - American - middle, they have found (though not neccessarily cooperatively nor intentionally) some successful touchstones for reaching them.)  As always, I'm borrowing heavily from lots of influences for my ideas -- ri urlLink chard hofstadter   is responsible for the nice distinction of the constituent parts of conspiracy theories...  hope you're still sabbathing!  peace~ andrew