Daily Update? We don't need no stinking Daily update!   Ok, ok... I'll be the first one to admit that I've been slacking as far as the blog goes. So, let's see, what happened last week?    Friday  Not much going on job-wise... We got all the machines up and running, all nice. There was this one bad bit of news (which gets exponentially worse as we travel into Saturday), but I'm not allowed to talk about it... Yet. So, after work I went to philosophy class... We discussed... What? I forgot. Anyway, Berkich said he'd have the papers graded and in his mailbox next week (which he doesn't, I checked today, and he hasn't returned my book either, which I need for the paper due Friday). I bet he hasn't even updated the website yet. But I digress. Charles and Rebecca didn't show up for philosophy, which means that they're in deep shit (figuratively) because they  did  show up after for Anime Club. Anime Club, yes... We watched Photon, Naruto, Wild Arms, Full Metal Panic? - Fumoffu, and... And... What movie was it? Ah, yes: Mezzo Forte. Really cool one. And we wrapped up with more Full Metal Panic because it's cool and funny and everyone seemed to like it. After, everyone that had stayed till the end went out for dinner, and I went home to take a nap. On the way I stopped by the girls' place to check on them, since they had both left early and some of us were worried about them. They were Ok, just tired.    Saturday  I got up around noon to the bad news that I'm not supposed to talk about and thus won't (unless  they  push it too far... If they do then I'll have to make them regret it).  I spent most of the evening procrastinating at the computer and practicing tae-kwon-do every half hour... It was a good way to vent all the anger, practicing punches and kicks. Oh, and I made a pie/cake thingee. Late afternoon Charles got online, and after some discussion all of us (Charles, Amber, Carol, Rebecca, me) decided to go to Waldenbooks, where we spent an hour or so browsing. Well, they did... I went straight for the Terry Pratchett section - I needed some humor. After that the girls dragged me (literally) into Victoria's Secrets and tried to make me model lingerie. Well, I was lucky though... Brian wasn't at work. And truth be told, I was glad that they could have fun at my expense, because they were  having fun , which means that I was having fun (being the emphatic person I am), which means that I wasn't thinking about the bad news... Anyway, after that we went to Taqueria Acapulco for dinner, and then to Half Price Books, and then to the girls' place and watched Fantasia 2000.    Sunday  Let's see... Got up late again, Worked out... Watched TV, got disgusted at the crap available, took a nap. When I got up again, Morgan had gotten back, and we were about to start gaming. The game that day was pretty entertaining actually... I had some really crazy surges, which were actually very useful. And there was a maze, and we set up traps (hehehee... That was fun... Let's do it again!). Then we went grocery shopping. And then I slept.    Monday  No class again... Work... Got there late. We did... Not much. Then the afternoon game. We got Chinese food for dinner. Gaming-wise it went ok... Maybe a little bit too slow for me, but then that could be because I'm of the ants-in-your-ass type, who can't stand still for 10 seconds. We  did get pretty far plot-wise, and it's not like there was no action at all. I guess I'm too used to taking the lead lately, and am having trouble stepping back. Anyway, we killed some stuff at the end. I only wish we had gotten a bit more experience... 100xp, that's all I'm asking for! I'm just  THAT  close from leveling up. Darn. I already know what feat I'm taking and everything. Oh yeah, and I got new dice. Who loves my dice? Who does?  I do!    Today  Got up early for a change! Went to work, did some homework, went to class, got really bored, went home to pick up the ketchup, went to work, had Evan make lunch (which is what we needed the ketchup for), ruined a hard drive (don't worry, it was a crappy one anyway), studied for the midterm later, played some on the XPS system at work, went to class again, took the midterm, got home, ate myself half sick on  Julio's corn chips , and now here I am. Considering whether I should give in and reply to the questionnaire myself... I can hear their voices calling, beckoning... "Go on, do it! You know you want to."