urlLink Teaching History for Citizenship in the Elementary School. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by John D. Hoge.  From the ERIC Digest:  Over the past two decades, educators identified national curriculum standards for all subject areas and the development of history instruction standards took center stage in the effort to strengthen K-12 social studies instruction. The Center for History in the Schools' (1996) standards begin with a statement on the importance of teaching history for the development of citizenship, a theme that dominates all of their widely circulated and often emulated curriculum documents.  In addition, the National Standards for Civics and Government (1994) refer to history as a means of educating America's youth for their future demanding roles as citizens of a modern democracy.  Key scholars such as R. Freeman Butts and Paul Gagnon also have stressed the importance of powerfully taught history as an essential subject in the schools of any nation that wishes to be called and to remain a democracy.      CONNECTING RESEARCH AND CURRICULUM DEVELOPMENT    A common theme running through these organizations' and experts' authoritative endorsements is that teachers need to do more than simply transmit factual knowledge about the past.  Powerful history instruction involves helping students (a) acquire a meaningful understanding of key historical themes and important people and events from local, state, and national history, (b) build experience-based knowledge of the methods and limitations of history, and (c) confront multiple perspectives -- including mainstream interpretations -- of the past.  These may be thought of as the fundamentals of good history instruction. Furthermore, while employing the fundamentals of good history instruction, teachers must offer students substantial and recurring opportunities to think analytically about a variety of democratic values, principles, issues, and tensions, using historical referents as a basis for such lessons.  This type of history learning requires more than mere exposure and memorization, it demands active manipulation of the concepts through learning mechanisms such as dramatization activities (e.g., role playing an interview with a famous American, acting in skits or plays that recreate famous events); advocacy activities (e.g., making posters that use historical precedents as support for positions on contemporary issues, writing letters about community needs to public officials); community service projects (e.g., helping to restore the condition of a local monument, using oral history techniques to create a school history) and issues-oriented discussions (e.g., were the courts right in declaring separate public schools for black and white children to be illegal?).