Garrison, D. Randy ‘  Computer conferencing: the post-industrial age of distance education  ’   Took a few re-reads (simply because my mind wandered now and again) but I think the gist of the article is the reshaping of what is termed 'computer conferencing' (which strikes me to be another label for flexible learning) and how it has evolved beyond an alternative to mass education.   The concepts of constructivism, where learning is constructed by the learner and made relevant with past experience and knowledge, is prevalent here. This is currently the first article I've read that bases itself on this theory of which I am still struggling to define.   There is little here that I find to be in disagreement, partly because I think this article, being written in 97 provides more of a retrospect than a forward thinking discussion. However, it has never occured to me to view the early models of 'computer conferencing' as an industrial era driven system, where mass production and broad delivery is the dominant approaches.   Garrison's view of the 'post industrial' period for 'computer conferencing' seems ideal, and considering the current trends of flexible learning, holds some truth. It is most sensible to view students of this time and age (us including) to have higher expectations for 'computer conferencing' and to view it not as an alternative to on-campus study or face to face interaction, but simply just another way to learn that is not deprived of any substantive benefits nor efficacy. But like Garrison pointed out, it's not always easy for 'traditional' universities to change nor adopt new theories or learning concepts without a lot of resistance.   I find it very pleasing to my ego to see that Garrison proposes new educational organisations be set up, instead of taking the task of changing old ones. This is what I have been believing all this while, largely reinforced with my experience in e-enabling a very traditional public university in Malaysia, and at the same time observing the speed and efficiency of change in a private university that is rooted in technology. Looking at universities who are excelling in flexible learning, it will be obvious to see that their priorities are flexible learning. Universities who adopt flexible learning without a clear focus will usually have that extension being driven without direction.   In summary, it is not hard to see how social context and interaction will play increasingly important roles in flexible learning, with computer conferencing being the key delivery mechanism. Learning takes place most effectively when we are dealing with people, not machines nor context absolved information. It may not be the classroom but computer conferencing is the next best thing.