When first heard about I, Robot, I immediately dismissed it as yet another sci-fi summer blockbuster movie with wisecrackin' will as our hero and I wasn't too keen on watching it. The title didn't help pique my interest either, I thought the title was "I-Robot" and not "I, Robot" and made it sound too much like an Apple product (though I must say, the robots did look strangely like an i-Mac, I can even imagine them coming in different colors...)      However I started hearing a lot of good feedback about it and decided to check it out and see if I was wrong about the movie. I wasn't, it truly was of a sci-fi summer blockbuster with wisecrackin' will as our hero. What surprised me was that I enjoyed it, which meant that 1. It really was a good movie or 2. I am a slave to the Hollywood moviemaking machine. Either way, I liked it... it wasn't dumbed down to an insulting level and it didn't take itself too seriously like A.I (which required some patience but I still liked, even with its "alien  ex machina " ending). In fact, despite the not so subtle foreshadowing and the waaay too many slow-mo, flying through the air while shooting accurately action scenes present to remind you that you are indeed watching a summer movie, it thought it was pretty smart. Heck, I found myself intrigued during the scene where someone was asking why robots, being the glorified toasters that they are, huddled together when stored in the dark or seeked out light on their own...too bad that issue was never tackled again.      As for humor, it's Will Smith, he gets all the wisecracks needed in a Will Smith movie, but personally, the funniest moment was when a robot jumps onto will's Audi (oh and there's a lot of product placement too... if you're sharp, you'll see a box from pizza hut) smashes the windshield, grabs the hero and explains "you are experiencing a car accident".. haha! I think I was the only person who laughed out loud...hehe..      Since I’m on the subject of movies (and have nothing better to do) here are some of the movies I'm looking forward to...     1. Constantine - I think its based yet on another DC comic book character, John Constantine (played by Keanu Reeves), a sort of supernatural detective. He's made a few guest appearances in the sandman series and I've always wanted to read the comic book.. but alas, like LXG it seems I’ll see the movie first. I just hope Keanu doesn't "whoa" his way through the movie.      2. The Village - Another M. Knight Shyamalan movie, so you  know  there's a twist in the end, you just have to see if you can guess it before the end. But still, this guy knows how to build the suspense, to let your own imagination do the scaring, so this movie should be fun.     3.Alien vs. Predator - Hah! Even after being horrified by Freddy vs. Jason (horrified meaning I found the movie to be horrible, it was a movie so bad I found it funny) I'm definitely going to watch this, to satisfy the geek in me. Besides, little green men are for sissies. If it isn’t 8 feet tall, has acid for blood, and a mouth inside a mouth, why bother?