until christmas break!  or i guess...winter break to be p.c.  it seems like this week has just been dragging on forever.  guess that's always the way.  i'm so excited to be away from school for 2 whole weeks.  and then the semester will end a few weeks after coming back...and the best part is that i will be getting all new classes and be able to start new with them.  i feel like my students are at the point where they hate me and i'm not too fond of them either...we just all get on each other's nerves.  i wish i was teaching at minneapolis south again.  i hate to say it but the majority of my students are rich snobs that are extremely selfish and think they are better than everyone else so they don't need to follow directions.  as soon as they are asked to do something...like the daily classwork...they whine to mommy and daddy and then they are screaming at me for all of the lies their child told them...and of course their child would never lie.  it's really frustrating.  today i was accused of being a racist by one of the parents, when the reason her son is losing daily behavior points is because he refuses to stop talking during my lectures...but of course, since he's not white, i  must  be racist.  if i had been offered a job an inner-city school, i would have taken that in a heartbeat...and usually whites are the minorities there.  tell me, would a racist be willing to teach in an environment like that?  i've also taught in hawaii and had very few white students, and i loved that.  okay, i really don't need to justify myself so i don't know why i feel like i have to.  it's a defensive thing...it sort of bothers me that someone thinks that i am acting in a way that suggests racism.     i think it's awesome to have different races and cultures brought into a classroom...it makes it more exciting.  in fact, i wish i had a lot more non-white students.  i wonder why everyone always accuses people of being racist when there haven't been any signs of racism.  is it just something people are brought up to believe?  if so, i think that is devastating.  anyway, the apartment search is going slow.  i looked at a few places online that had actual pictures and i REALLY want a loft apartment.  unfortunately that would run me about $200 more a month than i really should pay.  maybe someday...when i'm sure i'll have a job next year (i'm in a one-year position right now, filling in for a teacher that had a baby last year...although there is a retirement in the math dept. this year so it's hopeful that i'll stay).  if i don't have a job next year, i think maybe i'll take a year off and travel and take some classes towards my masters at the u.  i'm not too worried about it.  i have found a few apartments that i'm going to look into, so that feels kind of nice.  ugh...my room is a disaster...i don't even know where to start cleaning...but i guess i should get going on it...i'm off.