A while ago I began writing my memoirs.  Then I stopped.  I just read over them and I think I will post a bit on the ol' blog here.  It might inspire me to keep on keeping on.  "My junior year of high school I made the big switch to public education.  I figured that it was as good a time as any to get my first girlfriend.  So I found a girl and asked her on a date.  It was pretty easy and not as terrifying as I thought it would be (mainly because her friends told me that she liked me and that she wanted to go on a date with me). So for my first date I decided to take her to the dollar theater to see "Twister."  I don't remember what happenned, but we missed the movie.  I had to do some quick thinking.  'What else do girls like besides movies?'  Toys!  Of course!  Well, at least I liked toys, so I took my date to Toys R Us so I could play with the toys there.  That place still gets me.  Everytime I go in there, I feel the spirits or millions of toys calling out to me and I go crazy.  It's like a fisher-price brand of Sars when i walk through those sliding glass double doors with the dumb giraffe on them.  Anyway, when my date and I went to the store it was Christmas time.  This was in the era of the first appearance of that delightful toy "Tickle Me Elmo."  That evening was the first time I'd ever seen the toy and I thought it was the best think since hygiene.  So my "date" that night pretty much consisted of me frantically scrambling down the aisles of Toys R Us activating dozens of the Tickle Me Elmo dolls and intermitently falling to the floor laughing my ass off as my date stood awkwardly by taking in this entire scene."  "It was enough to make her want to be my girlfriend though. 'Damn.  This love stuff is easy,' I thought, 'Why didn't I try it out earlier?'  We were official.  I gave her my ring and everything.  We held hands.  I figured I might as well have my first make-out session.  We were in the basement watching The Beatles movie 'Help!'  I think her parents, actually her whole family was upstairs.  I sat through the beginning of the movie wondering how to make my move.  At some point I just lunged at her, mouth first.  I started sloppily sucking her face, a bit violently I might add.  I'm sure I scared the hell out of her.  In defense of myself, All my impressions of passionate kissing were from hollywood.  And with that as a standard, I thought I was doing a superb job for a first-timer.  Then my mind honed in on that award-winning film 'From Here to Eternity.'  and I had the desire to roll.  At that moment I thought that rolling was the pinicle of making out, so i quite forcefully and awkwardly rolled her over me, then I rolled over her.  In the process I shifted all my body weight on to her illiciting some not so passionate grunts of protest.  Remember 'Stop-Drop-and-Roll'?  Yeah it was like that except with two people interwined and open-mouthed."