First off, the good news,  SAVANNAH IS A GO!!!!!!!!!!!   She should be on the list for a new liver within 2 weeks.  She did great with all of her tests, they didn't have to sedate her like they thought they would have to, and all her results were good.  So she is a go for the transplant.  After she is on the registry, then the donor can start her testing.  It is getting closer and closer.  WHooooooooHooooooooo!!!!        Last night, Noah ws absolutly adorable.  He is six years old, but small for his age, so sometimes it is hard to remember he is as old as 6, he looks more like a four year old.  But last night, he ws going around, asking me and his dad, "can we go to bed now"  all night long.  The boy was ready for bed the second that tooth came out of his head.    He was eating supper, and told me the tooth was stuck.  Sure enough it was laying down flat.  Tommy told him to pull it, of course, not ever losing a tooth before, he was scared.  So Noah got dad some tissue, goes to dad with these huge, huge tears in  his eyes, his bottom lip quivering, scared to death.  Tommy grabs the tooth and gently pulls, of course it was about to fall out on its own, so it didn't hurt.  Tommy shows the tooth to Noah and suddenly in the biggest voice that has ever come out of that little body  "welllllll, that didn't hurt?".          Finally, Noah talks all of us into bed.  Bedtime is noisy around here, there are 7 of us, so it takes awhile to get all the "night, I love you's" in, we are midway thru and Noah pops up,   "would ya'll hush and go to sleep, we all have to be asleep, she won't come, HUSH"    Of course we all ablige the little brat.     He snuggles up to mom, and whispers in my ear "  if we leave the window open will somebody break in?  "  Then it dawns on me, he is worried about the tooth fairy getting in.  "  Tj locked the door, how will she get in? "   Awwwwww, moms heart breaks.  "  The tooth fairy is like Santa, she has magic fairy dust that lets her get into people's houses  "  I tell him, like a good mommy, lying to her baby.    "huh, Santa has fairy dust?"       Yes, I have corrupted my son, lied like a dog, and ruined him forever.  What are mommies for?   It is a mom's job to teach these lies to her kids.  I know alot of people who think it is wrong, corupt even to teach kids about Santa, the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny.  These things are all part of growing up.  Kids have to deal with too much reality too soon these days, so I say let them have all the fantasy they can get while they are young.    Tonight is Poker Night, and I am needing it.  Last night was one of those, don't mess with mom nights, I even broke my "no computer when Tommy is home" rule.  I had too.  I had one of those  feel the rage boiling up inside  nights.  Not that I was angry, just didn't need to be messd with.   I need chocolate, lots and lots of chocolate, mini M & M's to be exact, a bag of them,  and a bag of Brach's Malted Milk Balls, Hershey's kisses would be good too.  I feel a grocery run coming on.  It is calling me, I can hear it.    Later, I'm gonna post about the Tour De France.  I had one all written up, with links and everything last night, and it disappeared into la-la land.