Friday night.  I had the day off of work.  The best feeling I had all day was waking up when my alarm clock went off (forgot to turn it off Thursday night), then switching the button to the 'OFF' position.  I love falling asleep after waking up to an alarm.  Gotta be the best sleep ever.  I think I even drooled a little more than regular, too.  Think I'm about to go watch a movie while I fold clothes.  Either 'Fantasia 2000' or 'Frailty'- not sure what that's about, but I like the name.  But, 'Fantasia 2000' is shorter.  We'll see.  I grilled eggs today.  Meat is so darn expensive.  Not to mention hidden with lots of fat.  So I got some eggs, which I'd like to mention, have gone WAY down in price.  For 2.5 dozen (30 eggs), I used to pay $3.66-- this was last year & this year, up until April.  Then, they went to $2.36.  I thought that was golden.  I went to the store this afternoon, and they were $1.99!  For 30 eggs!  It's like those chickens are giving them away.  That's just crazy.  Anyway, so when I got home, I boiled a dozen.  While waiting for that, I chopped up a couple of 1015 onions, green bell peppers, a few zucchinis, and a Gala apple.  Let that stuff marinate in Italian dressing, worcestershire, liquid smoke, and soy sauce.  Then, skewered it all....yep, including those boiled eggs (peeled, of course) & placed them on the grill.  Man, it turned out great.  And they were easy to eat-- I don't eat the yolks, but the peeling of the whites was simple.  And they even browned a little, made sort of a rubbery cooked meat texture-- that was damn good.  Anyway, a whole lot cheaper and leaner than meat....and maybe even a little more fun.  Boiled grilled eggs, by Kelly.  Question #3: If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone?  Why haven't you told them yet? Answer#3: Probably tell my dad that he is the most important person in my life.  Tell him that everything he ever did for us (myself, brother, & sister)-- take us camping, teach us how to fish, how to canoe, how to cook eggs, how to cook beans, the importance of exercise, why reading can be fun by finding the right magazines, how drinking wine can be fun & part of a healthy lifestyle, the importance of appreciating underrated movies, how each person has his/her individual quirks-- I could go on & on, but these things he did for us have made and still influence who we are today, and just why we enjoy life as much as we do.  My favorite memory in my life is riding bikes with my dad.  One summer, especially.  He would come home from work, and we would both get on our road bikes and ride for just over an hour.  I liked watching how skilled he was on his bike, and I liked watching him watch me-- he looked proud.  I guess we both were.