In blogger, one of the first things we are asked to do is to identify ourselves in various ways.  We also have an option to be as "private" as we like.  I put this in quotations because privacy itself is a fraught concept that is connected to classic liberal ideas about property and citizenship.  It's a modern idea, unlike "public," which is much older.  Anyway, we are asked to identify ourselves with keywords.  We can choose any ones we like, but we're told that this will allow other people with similar interests to find us.  Keywords are key to community in the blogging world.  Most people pick things that really describe who they think they are.  This is not a postmodern way to understand identity by any means -- it assumes that the markers we choose do express who we are, and how we want to be seen too.  So, it turns out that one of my favourite books ever, Raymond Williams'  Keywords , is still as important as it was in 1976.  Williams thought of  Keywords , a collection of the meanings of words important to a culture that show in themselves how social change works, as "the record of an inquirty into a  vocabulary : a shared body of words and meanings in our most general discussions, in English, of the practices and institutions which we group as  culture  and  society ."   When we are asked to identify ourselves, we are asked to participate in a larger world where these meanings are understood, and shared.  We are asked to accept that the meanings of the terms we assign belong to us, but also to others, and that even if we ourselves exceed these terms (as we must), we use them as a kind of currency. We know that when we identify ourselves as "cyclist" or "surfer" or "lesbian" that we are asking other people to read us in a certain way.    Very little research on identity actually takes the fact that it works by keyword into account.  It is just more obvious on the internet than it is in our offline lives, because in the case of the internet we use search engines as a kind of grammar for identity that help us look for sameness (and then, for community).  More on this later -- I haven't really figured this out for myself yet.