Solitary confinement has been ok. It seems that whenever I am around Husband, I start to become whiny or naggy. Is it normal for married people to evaluate their happiness? I do. I think back to when the last time I felt really happy was. (That was when I was over at a friend's house and we were making cheesecake together.) I think about times when I was really NOT happy. (That was some years ago when I was with my ex who would constantly criticize - or be verbally abusive- when I did something that went against his ideas. Being called "useless" really hurt, and it broke me down as a person.) These days, I am pretty blah because I'm not really doing anything to make myself happy. I have made tentative plans to start a belly dancing class - for fun- starting this September, but that still leaves me some time before that begins. If I do nothing with myself, I will have nothing to look back on. I think I'll create a list of healthy things for me to do so that I can have more happiness in life. (healthy refers to nondestructive activities like boozing...) And before I make my list, I should say that it's not that I'm unhappy with any part of my life,  I feel that I'm just not spending enough time on myself these days to really be introspective.  List of things to do that makeme happy 1. Go for a walk (that is sooo easy to do!) 2. Help someone out! 3. Read a good book 4. Go shopping!  Things not to do 1. Watch tv or spend too much time on the internet (or Minesweeper) 2. Sulk and whine to Husband about random things 3. Blame Husband for my boredom 4. Sleep during the day  Ok. Husband had a suggestion for me. he said that I should just tell my mother how much I hate her, and just be done with it, so that I don't get all grumbly whenever a situation comes up where I might need to speak with her. I am really considering this. I just have to overcome this fear of breaking her heart. I mean, honestly, it's not like she's soo oblivious to my repulsion to her.  And maybe after that last email, it would be a good idea. But how does one go about doing this? There probably isn't an easy way. I just want some suggestions... or encouragement... or discouragement! I dunno. It would be good to get things out in the open. Then I could just tell her she was being annoying again. I think she's actually hinted that she's wanted to know. Part of me almost doesn't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing since she gets to drive me up the wall all the time. :P grrr. She is just so argh.