Here's a little short story I wrote a while ago, I was more fond of it than my others... I couldn't come up with a very good title though, hope you like it.  The Parting It was a cold autumn evening somewhere in the deep South, an old man walked down the rotting stairs towards the kitchen to fetch himself a glass of milk. The white paint was chipped from the long years of sun. Cob webs were strung across the chandeliers and stair case railing. Outside, the light brown grass begged for water. An old rusted swing sat unused after the event of a families death. The single tree in the front yard was hanging on to the last days of it’s life. Shutters hung on one hinge waiting to fall to the dead ground. The old man was the last of his name. His droopy eyes made him look as if he were to be forever mournful. He had long bony hands and dry wrinkled skin. The only thing in goo shape was his business suit, it was never taken off. He was an easily agitated man and the things that happened in his mansion did not help to mend this trait. The old man needed help to take care of the mansion, but he had none. The only help he had were the social service workers that brought him food every week, he refused to go outside. The old man walked into the kitchen, there was only opening to the kitchen and he was within it. There were butcher knives to his right lying on the counter. Dishes were strewn in and around the sink dirty with condiments from previous meals. He walked around the island in the middle of the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door. There was plenty of food, anything he wanted was most likely in the refrigerator. He reached for the milk and a glass from the cupboard. As he poured the glass he heard a loud noise, it was one of the many common things that occurred in his aged mansion. They had slowly caused psychological damage throughout the years he’d lived there, his sanity was on the brink. As he raised the cup to his lips the noise got louder, he was petrified. The old man dropped the glass. It shattered and cold milk spilled across the floor. He curled up into a ball in a corner of the kitchen, covered his ears and began to cry. He called out for his family, there was no response. There was no one there for him; he was completely and utterly alone. The screeching sounded of people slowly dying away calling for help just as he had done. The old mans ears were in pain from the high pitch shrieks, soon enough it started to die down and eventually it was no more. He sat in the corner crying hysterically from the event, he wondered how such a thing could exist. The old man, slowly and shaken, got up and took a breath. He could not handle these moments on madness. His sanity was destroying the rest of what was left of his life and he couldn’t support the burden. One foot on front of the other he walked out of the kitchen, subconsciously grabbing a butcher knife from the counter on the way out. He walked up the rickety stairs with a slouched posture, his face still wet from the tears. With the knife in his hand he dragged his feet down the dim hallway towards the study. As he walked down the hall its walls began to bleed out dark red blood, the large paintings of his family members glared at him. He heard footsteps above him coming from the attic. Light from the setting sun seeped through the windows lining the right side of the hall. The old man walked up to the study and opened the door with ease. He took two steps into the study and shut the door behind him. He sat dow at his work desk and stretched out his arm revealing the bulging veins under his thin skin. For a moment he looked around, he saw books neatly organized in the bookshelves, behind him was a fireplace and a mantle with a vase containing the ashes of his mother. Candles lit the study with a low glare, in the glare was the family he had for so long and lost so quickly. The old man thought of his life, what he had failed and accomplished, what he’d lost and found. He had skeletons in his closet he still hadn’t cleaned out, just like everyone else on this god forsaken earth earth. He lifted the knife to his open wrist lying on the desk, closed his eyes and ran the cold blade across his skin. The old man flinched when he felt the sharp knife slice his wrist. He opened his eyes, the knife was still dry, as was his wrist. He was too disoriented to notice what was wrong with this. He looked back up to see the faded ghosts, they were gone. He wasn’t understanding anything, he looked back down at his wrist and it was still dry. Frustrated and confused he yelled out for someone, he wanted to know what was going on. The old man heard a soft calm voice beside him, it was his wife. The specter reached out her hand and touched his wound, it then began to bleed ice cold blood. Finally he started feeling light headed and he saw doubles of his surroundings. The old man was gratified to leave his life of fear and resentment. He could finally release the burden of his sanity.