Hey... Tonight I lost it. I can't take this anymore. My parents started directing their anger towards me. I mean I didn't yell or anything, just agree with whatever they said in hope that they would just leave me alone. I'm not going to post what I wrote today, though, I feel so crappy that I barely have the energy to write this. I can barely look up long enough to see what I have typed. I feel like all of my dignity had been shredded right in my own room... my  sanctuary  as some people would say.  I actually shed some tears tonight. The ones that I never want to shed because it would show how weak I really am. I just feel like laying in a coffin and being buried along with my pride... What I have left anyway. My parents don't even realize the position that they put me in. Our house is full of lies and deceit; so what I know from my sister, I can't tell my parents, and what I know from my parents, I can't tell my sister. And yet, here I am right in the middle, trying to carry the weight of all of this crap without falling and letting everyone down. Well I tell you now; I can't bear this weight. I can't hold up this family when I was the last to be born in it. I don't care if everyone else tells lies and hurts everyone. I've worried enough about  them  when am I ever going to be able to concentrate on  me ? Even now, letting all of this out, is too much to bear. Tears are being shed while pride and dignity is shred. I hate this! I hate everyone! And I can't deal with everyone else’s  crap . I just want to be by  myself  and be on my own. I have enough going through my mind without everyone else’s burdens hanging over my head. Those thoughts that I keep thinking about... you know, the  bad  thoughts... I keep thinking of them over and over. I don't want to, but how can I not when everyone else just makes it so life is unbearable? Or maybe it's me?  Is  it me? Am I really  that  immature to where I have thoughts of suicide over little petty problems?? Is it just because I'm a teenager and I don't know any  better ?? Right now I can imagine a knife piercing my wrists. Blood looks so welcoming and pure.  Screw this, if people want to get the satisfaction of seeing me bleed to death then they can jump inside of my closed, cold, little heart and watch the blood pour through the gaping wounds. Any physical wounds that I have happen to me will be the body piercing that I  will  get when I move out. Those, and the tattoo that I want.  But, I tell you this, if anyone pushes me any further I will blow again, and next time it won't be just my tears that are shedding.  Goodnight.