when i woke up this morning i was sooo tired from not sleeping well and sooo sore from playing so hard last night... oops... algebra and graph theory survived later, it was pizza seminar time, and then happy weekend!  eric's in boston for a conference; colleen's in boston visiting a friend; jared, sam, john, and scott went to philly for the night for a concert; so leigh and i had agreed it was mooovie night.  i wanted to see "the prince and me" and leigh wanted to see "ella enchanted" but we each vetoed the others suggestion... we went to a bookstore for 20 minutes then ended up going to catch a 3:30 matinee of "13 going on 30", which was really cute... afterwards went by starbucks (they have 3 new frappuccino flavors!  i tried strawberry =)  ) and then went home to crash  called home and asked for the brother but mom informed me (1) brother is stranded in kentucky somewhere with some of his scout friends (2) ruthie, the family's pet goat died this morning... she was dad's favorite... apparently he spent several hours with her last night since she wasn't doing well and she died overnight (3) lots of other memphis gossip...   after that chat i was more awake and ben was online and bored... we started discussing the latest mooovies, and he asked what i was interested in seeing... i told him there was one chick flick i was most excited about but wouldn't drag him, and listed several other possibilities... however he insisted that having an older sister, a movie-loving mom, and a string of movie-loving ex-girlfriends, he had no shame in seeing a chick flick, and after reading the yahoo movies summary of the plot said he was game for "the prince and me"....  soooo, off we went; he came by my apartment and then i drove from there... neither of us had been to that particular theater before, so it was a bit of an adventure... it was in a mall, on the second story, and only accessible from the outside, but there were no signs telling us that... so we parked on the lower level, went inside, followed mall directories and ended up somewhere in the bowels of the behind the scenes of the mall... service hallways and elevators, and a maze of places we weren't supposed to be... *that* was an adventure until we found our way out... eventually we figured it out and saw the mooovie, with 5 minutes to spare... i think poor ben was the only guy in there, but he enjoyed it -- laughed a lot throughout and was impressed with a bunch of it that i was too... like when the prince proposed to julia stiles, he opened the hand holding the ring and a butterfly was there, sitting on the ring.. it was really sweet and ben was actually the one to make a comment of "oh wow!" to me about it.... to summarize -- ignore the critics, while not *the* best movie of all time, it was still extremely quality. =)  anyhow, we got a little wet in the rain after, and upon returning back to my apartment, we got even more wet in the rain and he walked me to my door before heading away...   all in all, a very quality day despite my utter exhaustion  oh yeah, and a footnote: before you even start on me... recall the nice paragraph i had on easter?  having mostly guy friends here is just one of the benefits of being a MATH grad student... and yay for them... =)  if even a fraction of the guys you find me running around with from day to day were interested in me, dude my life would be a freakin soap opera. but that's not how it is, so don't even get going on it. =P  the end. sleep time. night y'all.