So, last night sucked.  Cop's wife went back home, and so I was excited to be able to kick it with him and enjoy our normal friendship, but he was on the phone with her the entire night.  He just acts really different now.  Like... well, i'll be blunt... he's fuckin WHIPPED!  She has his ass in check like no other.  He used to give me a big hug goodbye every morning before I left to work, so this morning (thinking I'm going to get that big hug) I go in his room to say bye and he gives me one of those half ass, one arm hugs.  Ever since she told him he's not allowed to hug me he has this guilt cloud hanging over his head.  Whatever, I guess I just have to accept that this is the way things are now.    One thing happened that made my night 110% better though.  I got a post card from Army.  This is the first thing I've gotten from him since he's been in Iraq.  It was just a "hi, i'm thinking of you" card, but it meant the world to me.  =)  Hopefully he gets the box I sent him soon.  It should be about another week I think.    I just got back from lunch and I'm in the worst fuckin mood.  I was sitting on the couch getting my mid-day dose of "COPS" when Cop walked in.  He didn't say a word to me just walked straight to the kitchen, I was like oooook fine.  So I stayed watching Cops till it ended and it was time for me to head back to work.  The only thing that we said to eachother the entire time was, he asked me "is that you making that noise?"  I said "no".  Then when i left i said "later" and he said bye.  What the fuck happened???  Before this fuckin bitch came back into his life we were fine.  We talked and laughed all the time, everything was great.  We would hang out, watch movies, go out to eat... we were BEST FRIENDS.  Now that this fuckin whore is back, she pulls his strings like a god damn puppet and I lose my best friend.  Whatever.  Fuck him if he's going to turn into a little bitch.  The funny thing is he always does this.  This time feels worse I guess because we live together now, but every time they break up or get in a fight he comes straight to me to vent, talk about it, get advice, whatever he needs.  And i'm always fuckin there to listen and help in any way I can.  That's why he lives with me!  They were living together at her parent's house and he left her and showed up on my doorstep.  I took him in and supported him 100% both financially and emotionally.  I never asked him for a fuckin dime for 2 months.  Then we sign a lease, they get back together and now it's like I don't exist.  I'm so fuckin tired of it.  The other day he told me "I really want it to work out between us this time, but if it doesn't I'm just going to come to you again so you can pick up all the pieces like you always do."  Well, you know what?  Fuck that.  I'm not going to be his fuckin best friend of convenience anymore.  I'm just going to not give a fuck.  I think I've officially reached my breaking point with him.  On top of all of this, he always claims to be broke.  The only thing he pays is rent.  And I have to nag the shit out of him to make him get it in on the last day possible before it's late.  I asked him for his half of the cable bill like 3 times, nothing.  So I paid it.  Gas and electricity?  That would be me.  His cell phone?  Shut off.  I even give him gas money when he asks for it.  All the cleaning in the apartment?  I do it.  Cooking?  Me.  Maintenance calls, and follow ups?  Yup, me.  I want to know how the fuck he is so broke.  I pay rent, cable, cell phone, utilities, a car payment, insurance, gas, my gym fee, Netflix... and still have money left over.  He wants everyone to feel sorry for him because he pays a car payment, rent, and child support.  Sorry, but don't hold your breath for my sympathy.  If you're so broke, get a 2nd job and quit playing fuckin XBOX.  It's time for him to grow up and be a man.  He has a wife, and 2 kids and is being supported by 2 women, actually 3 because his mom still contributes to his sympathy fund too.  I'm tired of feeling awkward in my own house because his fuckin wife is there and I have to walk on eggshells around her.   Ok, I'm going to shut up now.