Bah f-ing mint humbug. For doubly reason. The first being that I've been banned from using the computer today by the all high and mighty “I'm exercising all of the powers I have over my children Dad”. It all started with me refusing to allow my bother to play on  my  game of Knights of the Old Republic this evening, which for some reason after ages of going on Sims and GTA Vice City, he suddenly wanted to go on tonight. In a calm and collected voice I told him that I wouldn't let him go on it, because of the way he annoyed me on Monday. It was the night of the football match (obviously ;)) and he wanted to go on the Sims before the match started at about half past. The problem was that I also wanted to go on the computer before about that time so that I could talk to Becca for as long as possible, because she was going out at that time to go and babysit Megan, or someone like that. I (understandably me still feels) thought that my cause was much greater, (we have Sims for PS2 as well for some reason.) But I was forcibly removed from talking by Ben after having only talked for her for about three quarters of an hour. Anyhow, Ben ungracefully kicked up (rather predictably,) a great fuss about me not allowing him to go on it, and shouted and screamed etc. Duly drawing dad's unneeded attention - “What's going on up there?” “Don't worry!” “Tough. What's going on?” 	Is it perhaps one of the failings of our entire society as a whole that we seem to relish in not minding our own business? The whole of western society seems to persistently enjoy nosing into affairs that are not its own, people go out of their way to see if foreign and ulterior ways and motives do not live up to the high “morals” that we ourselves have, and inflict onto absolutely everyone else that we encounter. Should a group not be what the most powerful expects and wants it to be, it is changed. Whether or not that that group's personal morals be acceptable to itself and all those around it – causing no harm whatsoever to anyone – if we do not agree, we change it. This is almost totalitarian nonsense where, even in this modern day and age, we are unable to accept that there are people that live in ways other than our own. We feel that our way of life is the only true and correct way of life that there is, and that we must inflict it on all others, even though they themselves may now, and always see theirs as correct? As I see it, the best choice for absolutely everyone, is that they should be permitted simple choice. If there is a regime or ideal that is contrary to our own, them perhaps rather than destroy and detest it – making it, in essence, our own – we should show it the fair way that we think is better, and act peacefully and friendly in most circumstances. Leading by the example of a mostly good and free society, rather than pouring down with overwhelming force, and obliterating what it is that is difference. This is the one point from which every single bit of prejudice and discrimination springs from in the world – difference. 	As it was, dad stuck his nose in, as my parents so continually do. Often in situations regarding the computer: “If I have to come up here one more time to tell you to get off of here.” “Mum, you never need to come up here and tell me – you can save both you and me a lot of stress by leaving me be, and no harm shall come to either of us from it.” Ben explained that I wasn't letting him play on it, as though it were the most important thing in the world. Dad then took the amazing... (I just read the introduction to nineteen eighty-four)... route of preventing both of us from using a computer at all (due to the fact that he let it annoy him,) and then the rather childish and immature route of taking every  (one) of his possessions that I have in my room. Namely a CD of Space Oddity – which he never listens to anyway. I feel that this is an extreme act of “Moral capitulation”, because he condoned us greatly for not allowing each other to use our own possessions, then, as “punishment”, does exactly the same thing to us. “One cannot fight an oppressor using an oppressors own means” would do well as a maxim for any hopeful communist states. Perhaps I was the oppressor – and certainly I was from my dad's point of view. But it wasn't an extreme. This household operates under strange rules. Should I question a single thing that either my mother or my father say, then they will both get exceedingly annoyed with me and accuse me of answering back. Of course I am, but should I try to argue the point that any society whereby “answering back” is punishable is a society with a dictator, they simply laugh. Or ignore me. Virtually all points that they make they are unable to back up with any evidence or any viewpoints other than “because we said so.” which isn't an adequate answer by any means. Should I try to push the point and ask for where their logic comes from – in whichever way I word it, I am told off for being cheeky. I was once told off for “treating your mother in a condescending manner.” Of course I would, if she is unable to answer a single question I put to her. She shouted for at least ten minutes on one occasion when I simply asked “how the window works” because I “always have an answer for everything” (I never knew that to be bad?) and being cheeky. There certainly is more, but by no means can I remember it all. As it was this evening, I've spend a good hour and a half(ish) on the phone to Becca, and I'm going to phone again (hopefully) at 10. I'm on here because I'm going work. Before I had a blank CSS sheet in notepad open. Blank other than a small comment at the top. Now I have a piece of work from two years ago that I typed up. I'm on the computer in my room you see...  The other reason that I'm really annoyed is that when I had first written half a page of this, and went to save it for the first time, it crashed. So I lost it all :(.  Today was OK. Found out this morning that instead of doing Pure maths 1 for our first module (that is, Core 2,) we're instead going to do Core 3 – the discrete maths 1. Which is a bit easier I think. All about nodes, maps and algorithms. Counting corners etc. Had English, did my speaking and listening assessment. A little speech on crop circles and aliens possibly forming them. It wasn't so bad actually – I was very nervous for some reason, but I made it up as I went along and didn't forget anything – other than my description of some circles was rather... lacking. Got a very high B :).  Did another presentation in biology, though this one was in a group and not exactly formal at all. It was informal enough that a powerpoint slide had a Blackadder quote along the lines of “and now for your pendi-gestatary interlubial”. Did kayaking as well. It was OK, albeit wet. For some reason, Jade wouldn't leave the room that we were changing in either :S.  And the SAS may come into existence sometime...   Utulie'n aur! Aiya Eldalie ar Atanatari, utulie'n Aure!