Wow.  Lowlight told me online today that Pearl Jam is playing the swing states this October to influence voters not to vote for Bush.  I am stuck in South Korea so unless I can get some time off work the rest is history!  Oh man, to be on tour again seeing the boys would kill the doldrums something terrible.  Its really heart-warming to learn that Eddie is going to be a father finally.  Olivia Vedder. What a pretty name.  Sounds better than Arcadia.  ugghh. I really wish i was at that Finn Brothers show two weeks ago when Eddie came out and dedicated "Four Seasons In One Day" to his daughter.  SO i think these new Pearl Jam shows will be something special.  Thank God this is not a full-blown tour I would not be able to afford it.  A flight from Incheon to Tokyo to America.  That is going to cost  abit.  I think a flight to the states will run at least 1.9 million KRW.  Makes me feel better about not going anywhere for the school holiday coming up.  Though i am still thinking about going to Beijing for the Chu-Sok holiday.  argghghghg.  to top it off i still don't know if i want to vote for Kerry.  sigh.  In lieu of all this Pearl Jam tour frenzy comes devasting news.  the Boston Red Sox traded Nomar!     NOMAHHH!  He was a Boston institution for crying out loud.  No one had more heart than Nomah. The damn Sox break my heart every year.  Oooohh those freakin' Yankees....  **********  Carlos told me Lali's wife Michelle is pregnant again and due in November.  I am a bit miffed about it since no one told me.  I was hoping for a niece this time but its a boy instead.  Go figure.  Still not sure if i should go to Beijing.  I really love hanging with my UK crew and Hannah to boot.  Tracy is like big sister too. Yet, the price is high. hmmm.  there is no guarantee i can make it to the states for a mini-tour.  We'll just have to see how it goes.  At least i won't get slammed for the under-25 extra car rental fee garbage again like i did for the Coachella Fest.  I have been listening to so much of The Cure today i can almost remember the desert heat in Indio.  Ughhhh.  Its a shame that i am missing out on Kristen's wedding.  I'll have to visit them in Portland by way of Seattle if i make it out there again.  i REALLY miss Jason, Jamie and Rachel.  I guess Joni Mitchell never lies. "...you don't know what you got 'till its gone...."  If South Korea continues their internet censorship I will rescind it to being a second-rate Japan.  Freedom of expression is SO taken for granted in America its sad.  I really prefer my old journal to  urlLink www.blogger.com .  Laurita and i have been emailing back and forth for the last two weeks.  Its difficult for me a times since my Spanish grammar skills have eroded.  I can still inject meaning into my words by using familiar South American colloquialisms and idioms. My love for her grows more every day. I told her i was open to the idea of taking a holiday in Bogota after my teaching contract expires to go see her.  The last time i saw her face was about  two years ago maybe when i took her to see Faneiul Hall in Boston.  That was a long time ago....  So it makes me feel bad when Lorna told me South Korean Immigration caught Jason and are deporting him back to Peru since he has been here illegaly for 3 years.  He is currently in jail and his girlfriend Ana is heart-broken. He will pay a heavy fine and they will probably seize all his profits.  I just him two weeks ago at the 66.  He was such a friendly guy and really funny too. Its just so sad.  He came here after the World Cup 2002 and just stayed after his visa expired.  I wonder if Ana will go see him or will she just go back to New Zealand?  It was quite relieving to find a native Spanish-speaker, let alone a Peruvian,  in this part of Asia. I can express myself so different in my native language. Yet, with Jason gone i guess Kevin and i will have to banter in Spanish.  Kristen gave me an idea of spending X-mas in Kyoto since Paul and Heather will be living there for a while.  So much traveling so little money.   can it be done?   I just need to make my monthly quota for my Sallie Mae loans and erase my Discover card debt.  I will be alright i guess.  Still don't know if i want to go back to America next year, yet i am wicked anxious to go back to school. Parts of me feel aimless. just without direction. I'll just have to deal with it and figure it out.   As of late, i have been entertaining wild fantasies of become a writer.  i know its laughable.  I just finished a Tom Robbins novel, "Villa Incognito" and i was left wanting.  Wanting for clever metaphors and better character names.  Dickie Goldwire? What stupid name for a literary character!  Raskolnikov.  NOW thats a name.  I look at the text of that Robbins novel and of "Dance, Dance, Dance" by Murakami? and i say to myself even i can write better than this drivel!  I think i just wasted 4 years of school on wanting acceptance while my muse packed up and left me.  then again i left her first.....