My mother is a reality television addict and proud of it.  Every night.  No sitcoms, no dramas, no movies-of-the-week.  It's  The Bachelor, For Love or Money ,  The Amazing Race ,  Fear Factor ,  American Idol ,  Nashville Star ,  Average Joe ,  Temptation Island.   She even watched (and enjoyed)  The Swan .  I will confess to my own love for  Survivor .  The rest, I could do without.   Regardless of my distaste, I end up catching bits and pieces of the various programs when I venture upstairs from the dungeon for my evening feeding.  Tonight, while waiting for my pizza rolls to bake,  Big Brother 5  was my entertainment.   BB5  was also on the other night while my fish sticks were in the oven.     I've never seen much of any of the  Big Brother  seasons.  I still don't quite grasp how the game works.  Seems like "don't vote me out of the cushy house," as opposed to "don't vote me off the island."  Whatever.  Could care less.   What has floored me in the parts of the two episodes I've seen from this season is a "house guest"/contestant named  urlLink Scott .  Scott's a sales representative from Pittsburgh, PA.  Scott personifies what is wrong with America.   Scott is male.  Scott is young.  Scott is tan.  Scott is well-muscled.  Scott has spiky hair always tied in a colorful bandanna.  Scott has a tribal tattoo on his arm.  Scott wears Abercrombie.   On Saturday night, the house guests had to find letters in a pool of tomato soup and use them to spell the names of food items.  They would then receive the spelled food items for their weekly rations (or something like that).  Scott apparently had a craving for C-H-E-E-S-S-E.  Mmmm... cheesse.   Tonight, the house guests played an "am I bluffing or not" game.  Each person would read a question, then give an answer to that question.  The other players had to decide if the speaker was giving a truthful answer (that matched an interview from before the game), or if the speaker was giving a false answer.  One guy's question: "Who is the one person that I've always been able to confide in?"  His answer: my stepfather.  Scott was pissed at the question: "I had no idea.  I didn't even know what 'confide' means!"   Scott is a RETARD.   Scott is on national television competing for $500,000.  Scott probably gets laid quite a bit back home.   I am bitter.