Hey all!  Sounds like a good idea!  At least with this blogger thing I don't have to remember to put in everyone's email addresses! My one big thrill these days is that I get to drink alcohol again!!!  Now that I've finished breastfeeding Anna, I can drink myself silly.  Of course, one glass of wine and I'm asleep, so I have to work on that tolerance thing. Anyway, Mara, about these politics.  If Bush is re-elected, I think I'll bury my head in the sand and pray that the country is still here in 4 more years.  And yes, Kerry, is a true politician, but he has at least these things going for him (in my mind): his wife, Teresa, is never afraid to speak her mind, will stand up for what she believes in, and will tell him what she thinks whether he likes it or not, and may have sway over him.  Also, he actually has a brain and uses it.  I'd rather have a President be able to see both sides of an issue and wrestle with a decision, than not have a clue and not care what impact his decision makes on people.  I also have a problem with a President who believes that his religion makes him right.  Bush wears his faith on his sleeve, Kerry keeps his faith to himself.   Because my faith is a more personal, private part of myself, I tend to leen towards Kerry on this issue.  Kerry may be the lesser of two evils, but at least he doesn't believe he's always right because God told him he is.  Good quote I read the other day in Time magazine...."It's the difference between praying that you're right and believing that prayer makes you right."  In my opinion, prayer makes no one right.  Prayer is your personal conversation with your God.  Whether you share that with anyone else is your decision, but it's never a mandate. Now that I've offended everyone else, I'll get off my soapbox of religion and politics. I'm actually at my Mom's getting help with the kids.  Anna's taking a nap and Connor's whining to my Mom about taking a nap.  Kurt's finishing up his intern year as I type.  Alleluia, I get my husband back for the year!! Anna's gaining weight nicely these days, Connor's growing up before my eyes, and I'm enjoying summer.  I truly think I'm going to be one of those people that retire to a warm place...I'm becoming more and more intolerant of these cold winters! Welp, nothing like posting a long train of thought msg...... I hope this blogger thing catches on with us....might be nice!