I am  trying  really hard to be okay with living with R. and his roomies. Sometimes, I'm mostly just trying really hard to be okay with living with R. It's difficult to move in with someone, even temporarily, and realize that you aren't really sure anymore if you can see yourself being with them forever because they are doing/saying/acting in a way that really makes you pseudo-hate them from time to time.  Such is tonight. Tonight is a night when I really want to yell "dammit, I want my own place now!" And I really would mean it tonight. I really want my own place. I really want to be away from him right now. Thus, I am sitting in my office at work at 10:12 p.m. on a Thursday night updating my blog instead of spending time reading or relaxing or watching TV at home with R. Reason, you ask? Because I feel underappreciated. Because I'm working my ass off at a new job (or at least working as much as I can with the new students not being here and the programs just getting started) and then I'm coming home to a messy house, nothing taken out for dinner, and the presumption that I am going to do everything that needs to be done there because nobody else seems to want to do it. It's like having a family already, except they're all 20 + years old and they are know better than to leave their milk glasses half-full in the sink so that it curdles and makes me want to yack when I have to wash the dishes (no dishwasher) two days later because no one else has done it. I'm not ready to be someone's mom, nor do I think that I should have to be my boyfriend's mother.  This is the first night this week that I've been able to come home and relax. Or so I thought. Instead, we went out to dinner with his roomies, which was fine, instead of spending time alone. Then, I come home and he goes out with one roomie (the male roomie) to buy a TV quickly at Wal-Mart--quickly being a 1 1/2 hour trip to look at a TV he already knew he was going to buy. So what am I doing? Our laundry. Alone. When they got back, I said I wanted my car keys, which he had taken with him in the roomie's car, so that I could go do something. So what does he do? Stomps down the stairs and in his more arrogant voice tells me that here are my keys, and the place I want to go is open until 11 so I can just go now instead since it took them longer. Pardon? I'm doing his fucking laundry and cleaning up after his mess and their messes, and I'm supposed to be happy that I'm stuck at home without my car? Where in the hell does it turn into a Jessica is a fucker night just because I say I want my keys back?  We had talked about going for ice cream 3 hours earlier. I wanted to go to Dairy Queen for a blizzard because it sounded sooooo good. Instead, they went without me because I am too damned pissed to really want to be near him. I'm on the edge right now. I think, if I see him, I might come undone. And not in a good way. Probably in that going to kill him slowly by sawing through a minor artery with a rusty spoon that would disable him but not kill him kind of way.  And, on top of that, no one I call will answer their phone. I give up with the phone. Apparently, it is an ungrateful apperatus.