I have spent the majority of the past three days with my parents. For some reason, my mom is not doing too well right now. I can't pinpoint the problem, dad hasn't got a clue, neither does Marlena.  Since Saturday, mom has been difficult to have a conversation with. Mainly, you can talk to her, and all you get in return is a "huh?", and it is delayed like she had to really think about it before she said it.  Normally when she gets like this, she has taken one too many of her sleeping pills, or onee too many of her Neurotin. Neither of those is the case this time. She hasnt' had any meds of any kind since Saturday. Totally out of character for her. She never misses her meds. Never.  She also isn't eating. Two meals in three days. Both of those forced on her. She keeps saying "I just don't think I am hungry right now." Even if she hasn't had a single bite to eat in 24 hours.  Mom has me worried. This isn't normal at all for her. I called her doctor today, and the nurse called back while I was gone to buy groceries for my parents. They talked to mom, and she was really confused. Especially since she had no idea why they were calling her. I just blew it off. I will call them first thing in the morning and see what they say. I just hope I can get her into the office to be seen while she is still like this. He has never seen her like this, so he can't really make a diagnosis based on just what we tell him. Then of course, you have mom sitting there telling him we are blowing it all way out of proportion.  I don't know, this is just bugging me. Marlena talked today about moving in with them. I hate for her to have to do that. But their care is between me and her. That's it. Out of 7 kids, we are the only two that care enough to even check up on them. Then you add in the stress of Savannah's illness, Marlena is Savannah's grandmother, so she really feels it.  I know that the Bible says God won't put on us more than we can stand. I just wish God didn't have so much faith in what I can stand.  I'm not naive, I know my parents will one day pass away. That is fine. I know they will both be a lot happier on the other side. But I know that I will be miserable. I have never lost anyone so close to me. Never. I was a baby when the last of my grandparents died, all my brothers and sisters are alive, and all of my aunts and uncles that I have ever been close to are still living. I haven't ever had to really grieve.  Tommy swears I will have to be sedated when my parents die. He is probably right. Who knows, I may not be in the real world for a long time afterwards, but right now, I am trying to focus on the fact they will be happy. They won't have to deal with all the crap they have to deal with on earth now. They won't have to worry about their kids, and why they arent' calling, they won't have to worry about paying the bills, daddy won't have that stupid trailer park to worry about. Mom won't be getting up in the middle of the night and falling. They will have nothing but happiness.  But I will be without my lifeline. yep, my parents are my lifeline. When I need prayer, the first person I call is Daddy. When I have royally screwed up, I call mom. When we are low on groceries, i send the boys to their house to eat. When I need cheering up, I call mom. When yet another water line busts, I call daddy. When my car breaks down, I call daddy. When one of the boys needs new shoes, I call mom. Or jsut when I am lonely, I call and talk to which ever one answers. Daddy is my spiritual leader, he is my Pastor, my teacher. Mom is my guidance counselor, my go between, my buffer zone. I will miss all of these things when they are gone.  I miss some of them now. Mom isn't lucid right now, not enough to help me know what to do to help her. I wish I could talk to her about it. She would know what to do.