Day I forgot…. i had a nice day today!  *** in english, we answered this exercise in our book. it was about subject-verb agreement but the questions are more of reflective ones. they asked about how we look at ourselves. they were pretty deep that they sent me thinking. the first question was, "how important is your presence here on earth?" i answered that i am equally important as everybody else. it is true. if we strip off everything, we're all just humans. no presidents, no royalties, no mass, no elites... just human beings. besides, i'm really not worth more than others [to be modest] and i'm not worth any less, too [being self-loving]. the next question i remember is, "when does friendship become a good investment?" i answered that it becomes a good investment when both parties benefit from the relationship. that's what friendships are for, right? do make each other better. but how come there are friendships when one is being used but it's okay with her? i've been in that kind and it was still a relationship. it may not be a perfect one but, hey, nothing's perfect. next, "why are people's live treasured?" they're treasured because each one tells a unique stroy. lives are like books in a library. the library is the world and without the books, the library wouldn't really exist.  a couple more thoughts came to me. it's about when people feel like doing good. let's face it, it's in man's nature to do good easily when he knows it would benefit him and he would be hesitant if he knows he wouldn't get anything from it. and also when a person comes to a crossraod. it's not exactly choosing from good and evil because there is no good and evil. only two sides standing for contrastng or different principles[concept from FFviii]. so it's just a matter of choosing which you will live by. and when you make a decision, you must live by it regardless of what people may say or odds may bring. when you make a decision, make it whole-heartedly and do it with a clear mind. analyze it well so you won't have regrets. sometimes, it's necessary to take risks to try if it's the right choice or just for fun [which is what i usually do]. risks will always be a 50-50 situation and if you fail, it will be lesson better than those which come from books.  *** tito charlie and mommy were talking about angelo dela cruz. they were debating. well, what can i say about it? i think that was a very unwise decision of GMA to retreat the Fili troops just for the life of one. if she really does value life, she wouldn't have done that. more lives are now at stake because the security in that place lessened all because of one man. for all we know, some other Filipinos have been killed secretly. why do they have to pull out our troops for this angelo dela cruz and not the others who were killed? and how come the press con of angelo dela cruz scripted? they must be hiding something. that is unfair to us, the citizens, and angelo because the truth may have been altered and what will become of us? if they can't be honest with these how much more on the economical issues? man, this country has issues....  *** i'm getting good at playing the guitar. my friends are helping me and i'm actually being helped! heehee....  *** god, i miss jammi so much!