today i get to use the com coz choir is cancelled for today, and i decided to use the com instead of going for my own prep...anyway today we started our swimming for PE lessons, and im delighted to be in group a!! group a is for the best swimmers...so thats quite amazing for myself...  tonight im going to ditch night prep and go for my former school's concert at victoria concert hall...the title of the concert is ladatur voce II...wth does that mean? sounds like latin...i'll be going with om tonight. initially i was going with heath as well, but couldnt get enough tix, so only om is going...  yesterday was cool coz most of the holiday assignments werent, like, due yet or the teacher didnt ask for them, so i got extra time, except that i slept at 2 am on sunday and 1 am last nite, doing my unfinished stuff, and that really didnt do me good...i woke up feelin so groggy...  yesterday during dinner the principal, Dr. Ong, aka drong, offered me some fries...coz my hall has so many peeps i sat at the end of the table near him (he always sits at the hall 3 table),so i thought it was nice of him...he really reminds me of my dad, coz both of them like to say "huh..." and sometimes they say it for no reason at all...*rolls eyes* which really gets on my nerves sometimes, just like girls always saying "like, ya...." i mean, bleaughxz, really.  might wanna go see spiderman 2 next monday with bernard and miguel, but my parents hate me watching movies, so i wont know the outcome, maybe i'll bluff my parents just this once...hehe!  today my physics teacher, mr patrick soo, wasnt around, coz he went to the states to study for further degree, so we had a new teacher. i only know her email was ckwek@acs_edu_[something] and she was pencil-thin, plus she was so  bochup , like slack you know?  by the way, i've joined friendster! remember to add me to your network if you have one! also please use this email to add me: danieltingkh@earthdome.com  thats all i have for now. when i have the time, i'll write again!