Today was a busy day...in a way.  From 0900-1400 my sister Sarah and I were at the church (Mifflinburg Assembly of God) preparing for Youth Sunday tomorrow.  Erica Kuhns, Sarah, and I are singing "Fly Away" by FFH.  We're first tomorrow, after worship.  Then, I think Lisa Trego is singing "Alabaster Box," which was made popular by Cece Winans, and then Chelsea Houdeshell is finishing with "Found a Place" by FFH.  After that, Josh Spade and Ryan Fluharty are performing a skit called, "Faith-O-Matic 5000."  Lastly, we are all doing a human video to the song "Invincible" by Skillet.  For Invincible, Sarah, Josh, Ryan, Erica, and I play "evil" people, demons or something (for the part about you can't stop the kingdom of God) and so we have to reach out at Lisa and Chels like we're trying to grab them and drag them down with us, but we can't reach them.  So, LaRue (the counselor) told us to pretend we were those weird things in Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (remember, the Dead Marshes scene where Frodo falls in and the evil things are trying to get him?)  That really helped, LaRue said we were really convincing.  That made me feel soo much better lol.  We practiced our songs, skit, and human video so much, most of us ended up laying down on the pews while someone else practiced.  We still haven't worked at all on the songs for worship, which comes before the songs, skit, and human video!  Then, we went to Weis to get groceries.  Not much happened there, woo.   When we came home, I ran two miles just for the fun of it.  I need to work out more.  I'm getting fat (Chelsea Goss hits me every time I say that, she says I'm skinny).  I did it in about 15 minutes, I'd like to cut that down to 13 or maybe 10.  I got my shower and then watched part of Places in the Heart on WE (Women's Entertainment).  I still have yet to see the whole movie.  I think I'm going to work on my Mandarin Chinese later.  Emily Lepley also has a book on Mandarin Chinese.  On the class trip to Inner Harbor, Baltimore, on June 1, we're both going to speak Chinese whenever we go into a restaurant or something.  And Emily knows Spanish.  I know a little French.  It's going to be really interesting.  The sun is shining, the birds are chirping...this reminds me of a poem Mr. Mesher told us in Social Studies once, when he came to talk to Mr. Johnson, but I only remember the last two lines out of the three...  The grass is riz, I wonder where the birdies is.  Johnny was a scientist, but Johnny is no more; what he thought was H20 was H2C04....sulfuric acid.