I'm proud to say that after 2 1/2(ish) months in Spain, I've become fluent in Spanglish that I could start up my own Spanglish Translation Service.  Hmmmm, that sounds like a GREAT idea!  I'll let you know how it goes.  Spanish, on the other hand, is a tad bit harder to conquer.  But I think it's starting to sink in.  (It's actually - Can Io Haveo Ao BeerA {Beer is feminine}) I've actually reached a point where I can sit and have a semi-intelligent conversation with a Spaniard, and not have to resort to yelling across the room to some friend who speaks Spanish to have them translate a word for me.   ME:  Hola!  Guillermo:  Hola!  ME:  Que tal?  Guillermo:  Bien.  Y tu?  ME:  Bien. Guillermo: Basada en un conjunto internacional de redes enlazadas, Internet ha supuesto la gran revolucion de los medios de comunicacion, ya que ha posibilitado que el mundo se convierta en una autentica aldea global.  Disenada inicialmente con fines militares y usada mas tarde como nexo de union entre centros univesitarios, hoy la Red se ha convertido en un instrumento de trabajo y de ocio al que acuden millones de personas de todo el planeta en busca de informacion, servicios, y diversion.  Me entiendes, no?  ME: (Nodding my head with conviction, squinting my eyes in interest, as if I'm really thinking hard about what he has just said.)    Si.... claro...  Guillermo:  Vale, tengo que ir a mi casa.  ME:  mmmm hmmm.  Guillermo:  Adios!  ME:  Que?  Apart from learning all the swear words in the Spanish language (Priority #1), I've moved onto learning things like, useful verbs (Estar, Ser, Beber, Hola) and some useful phrases like:  1. Me llamo Caballo 2. Hay un cacajuete en mi ombligo 3. Mi hermano es una sandia 4. Se rifa una hostia, y tu tienes todas las papeletas para ganar. and 5. Me entiendes? (I hear this one alot)  Unfortunately, I really need to start putting my nose to the grindstone, and get my Spanish up to a semi-fluent level.  To the point where I can ask for a beer AND ask what kinds they have.  Most of the Spaniards I meet are very patient and encouraging though.  I have one friend who insists on telling all the other Spaniards in the vicinity how well I speak Spanish, seeing as I've only been here for 3 months.  I blush alittle, look down at the floor, kick my foot back and forth a bit, wave my hand in the well known "Awww shucks, stop it" manner, and say, "Nawwwwwwwww." (Thus making a flagrant grammitical error, because, in Spanish, it's "Nawwwwwwwo")  But, with every passing day, I'm getting farther and farther away from elicting the "It's OK that he doesn't speak Spanish, he's only been here (insert relatively small time period)" disposition from people.  It's not so often that you hear someone say, "It's OK that he doesn't speak Spanish, he's only been here 15 years."  So, with that, I'm off to get my learn on.  And if you're one of the people that wants to visit me here, but doesn't speak a lick of Spanish, don't worry, hopefully by the time you come, I'll know how to order a ROUND of beers."  Arrivederci!!!