It's been a week since I posted, and what a week it has been.  Here's the recap:  Thursday:  70 kids, 150 feet of paper, and a LOT of paint.  Afterwards, Megan and I cleaned up one hell of a mess, but the mural turned out great.  Friday:  Door hangers and visors with the kids, followed by a shift at my "new" job.  Katie got me hired working with the "Thomas the Train" extravaganza this weekend at the train station.  I got paid $10 an hour to sit and ring up orders at the gift shop for the Adirondack railroad.  It made for a long day, but hey-- the pay was great!  Saturday:  All morning working the Thomas gig.  Back to the museum to make light switch covers with the kids.  Back to Thomas for another four hours.  Long day.  Sunday:  12 hours of ringing up Thomas orders.  Then another few hours of packing up Thomas stuff, so it could be moved on to the next town.    Monday:  Sleep.  Sleep.  Started a new book.  Slept some more.  Caught up on the sleep that I had been missing for the past week.   Tuesday:  Tim and I got together for the afternoon.  We walked around the mall for a while, and then came back to my apartment.  We spent hours playing Super Nintendo, laughing and swearing at the TV.  It was actually pretty amusing--I felt like I was about 10 years old again.  Then we went to the Grand Opening of the new movie theater.  Tim had some free tickets from work.  The plan was to go early, grab some food, and then enjoy a free movie.  When we got there, the place was *packed* and although they had 14 movies to choose from, there were quite a few of them that weren't new at all.  They were already out on video.  And none of them really grabbed our attention.  So instead, we went and hung out at Barnes and Noble for a while, where I had to use a high level of restraint to keep from buying the new Lincoln Rhyme novel, just out in paperback.  Once I get paid at the end of the week though, I make no promises.    The most exciting news I heard today:  The name of the sixth Harry Potter book has been announced:  "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince."  Now if it could just be published already!