Nick called me last night at around 9pm, which is weird.  Nick is one of those friends who calls for a specific reason..."I am going to this movie, thought you might like to come..." or  "the museum is have a special exhibit, do you want to go..." etc.  So it was about a minute into chatting when I asked him, "What do you want?"  He kind of giggled, and said he was down at Rogue's having some beers with a couple of the guys, and wanted me to come down. He also added that he was "working on my problem".  Ok, can I just say yuuuuccchhhh!    This whole thing started a few weeks ago with me complaining about guys.  I thought I might try relaxing my strict criteria for a while, and see how that goes.  I even wrote about Nick's response that pissed me off so much, but so accurately described what I was talking about ("you're looking for Mr. Right Now, not Mr. Right").  I think Mr.  Right Now belongs to his group of drinking buddies.  This wouldn't irk me so much if I didn't know for a fact that Nick routinely warns girls at the bar away from his friends, because they are all such jerks.  And I can just imagine the situation:  Friend:  I wish I had a girl to fool around with. Nick:  Hey, I know a girl who is looking for Mr. Right Now.  Maybe that's you!  And!  She has huge tits! Friend:  Really?  Can you call her right now?  The whole thing leaves me rather disgusted with Nick for trying to pimp me out to his friends.  Very disgusted.  I suppose it has also made me re-think the "looking for Mr. Right Now".  It's all a matter of who knows what, and when.  Did anyone see that episode of "Friends" where Rachel tells Chandler that she is looking for a fuck-buddy, and he tells one of his workmates, who asks Rachel out?  Rachel's goals really haven't changed, but it was bothersome to find out that her date knew her intentions.  I suppose at this point, you really get into the ethics of dating - intentions, actions, who needs to know what when, etc - which I don't want to touch.   Bottomline, Nick is an asshole.  I think I already knew that.