Okay, screw all that other post. Hi, I think I've never ever ever been so flipping happy in my life since like, I was a little girl. Why?  Because I've got a boyfriend.  *screams*   It was too cute for words, and I'm going to start laughing again like last night. He IMed me, and he asked me if it was too late, and stuff. I didn't give him a straight answer, and so I kinda said that I wanted to hear him say it. Okay, so it was somewhat of a trick to see if he'd call me. Yeah, anyway, he asked for me number.   SFGDFSKGH!  Instant Death Numbero Uno: He asked for my number. Hi! I was on the phone with Jolanda at the time, and started freaking out. Well, Jolanda was actually freaking out more than I was.   The thing was that his family was on the phone, and I guess it took them for a while to get off. Ahaha. Yet, he didn't tell me until later, and I was so scared that he had bailed on me again. He had bailed on me three times that day, so why wouldn't he do it now? Then... my cell phone starts ringing, and I started not.. breathing...  Haha, I answered him, and was still on the phone with Jo at the same time. (Wow, last night was the worse of the phone juggling I've ever done in my life.) He said me say "Bye chick" to Jo. Ahaha, I started laughing, because I ALWAYS say that stuff to Jo. Anyway, so we were being so stupid, and just giggling like crazy.   Him: So...wanna go out? Me: Okay. *giggle*  Later on in the night, because he called me three times (four, but I didn't pick up on one of them), he said that the answer wasn't clear, so I had to make it clear that I said yes. Mhm. Again with the laughing. So cuteness.  Although, on the first call, I had three-wayed Jolanda with him and myself, without him realizing it. It was so funny though, because I've never done it before, and I wasn't sure if I had them both on the line. I was kinda like, "Jolanda...? JOLANDA?!" I confused him, but it was hilarious.   We talked like, all night. About stupid crap, but it was way too frickin' cute. I mean, when you stay up till 1:40 talking to him, it's kinda weird. I was falling asleep, but he didn't want me to hang up. Okay, we talked so long my cell batteries died, and they like, never ever die. So he had to call me on my landline, which was scary, because we were scared (well, I was) that my parents could hear the phone ringing. He's so stupid though, because he pulled out the cord in the middle of the conversation, and he had to call me back, but my dad was outside of his room, and hear the phone ring. I think it was at 1 AM, and started telling me if I knew what time it was, and why I was still on the stupid phone. Oh well, I think I deserve some happiness within this house.   Ah, bliss. I don't what else to say. He's way too cute over the phone. Seriously. Too cute.