I don't know how to leave here.  So I won't.  I refuse to say goodbye to people I'll see again soon, at the very latest one year.  I haven't gone out for drinks goodbye.  I haven't started talking about leaving, let myself even really think about it.  I can't.  I can't handle the mental and emotional process of leaving a place dear to me again, not again in such a short amount of time.      I've already said goodbye to Portland, and I'll return there this week as a visitor.  I can't say goodbye; I'm an emotional wall because I need to be.  I can't afford to crumble, not now, not when there is little to no support, none that can be there always.  I smile and reassure people that I'm ok, that I will be ok.  After all, if I express uncertainty, how will my family be OK as I live a life in a place they can hardly imagine, can only think the worst of?  I am solid because I need to be here, that is the role I play.        I'll hug people like I usually do as I leave- something I'm rather good at by now- know that they care for me, and I for them.  I love the people in my CT life dearly, miss them often, and long for a time when I was happy here, when Roxbury was all I needed, and these people filled me up so that I needed nothing else out of the world other than a Friendly's lunch, and a slow drive home with a beloved friend, the type of friend you could never hug long enough, could never write enough letters too, and wish you had more time to sit on the porch with and let time pass slowly together.      But really, that time never existed much beyond 10th grade.  It existed in a bubble of my life for a month this summer, but I've always had that wandering eye, with feet that constantly itched to run elsewhere, see more, do more, be more than Roxbury seemed to offer.  Maybe a time when I'm ready to stop here is yet to come, or maybe I'll always be a visitor in my hometown.  Either way, I'll always cherish those lunches, past, present, and future.        I wish I could be happy here, spending mornings driving to a nearby job, evenings in local hangouts passing time with family or friends.  I wish I could relax every Sunday for dinner with my Aunt, Uncle, cousins.  I wish I could have Grandma's homemade "pizzagane" at Easter, warm out of the oven- not thawed from a 6 month sleep in the freezer.       I hate that the beautiful baby cousins I kissed goodbye to today will appear enormous when I see them again.  Gabriella won't simply drool on my shoulder and giggle when I tickle her belly during diaper changing rituals.  She'll be bigger, fussier, mobile, and teething.  She'll do things, have discovered the wonder of her own feet, be crawling, or-gasp!- even walking!  She'll be a fun toy for her brother to torment, and not recognize me.  Giuseppe, hopefully, will have only a few shy moments as I try not to gawk at how big he is, how much smarter he seems for a 3 1/2 year- old, and how I hate that I miss them both so much, and he'll ask me to play "crash"  with the grammar and confidence of a 17 year old.  I never thought I'd be a person attached to babies, and I'm not, unless they're around!        The late evening in Milford, mild bar-hopping with my brother and cousin, reassured my sense of place.  I know this isn't the place for me.  There are many bars in the world I've felt comfortable in, at home with both the scene and compnay.  This wasn't one of them, and I know this isn't my home.  Now, the bar scene is not how I judge a place, of course, but it can definitely be one of the many deciding factors.  In this case, it is merely reassurance.     I wish for many things, but I don't wish my life different.  Deep down, it feels right.  Afterall, I created this monster, and if I don't love it, who will?!