wow.  today was the first really good day i've had in a while.  i accidentally fell asleep last night because i was so exhausted.  i think that since i've had insomnia for so long, my body finally just gave in and crashed.  the bad part is that i didn't set an alarm and woke up late.  thankfully i only got to work 5 minutes late and it wasn't a big deal.  anyway, today just went well (up until about 5pm).  actually, nothing special happened at all.  for some odd reason i just felt extremely happy, like how i used to feel.  i came home and went running...the first time for probably over a month.  it was incredible.  i ran the whole time, which is weird because i haven't run for such a long time and it usually takes me a while to get used to it again.  i really wanted to do something fun but i live with 3 guys whose idea of fun is getting drunk every night and playing video games.  well, at least they never want to do anything i want to do.  tonight we ended up renting movies, but they started being jerks so i'm not even sure i'm going to watch any of the movies with them.  i can't really blame one of them all that much considering he works via internet at night and can't go out unless there's internet access where we go.  another one has a girlfriend that takes up all his free time, which i guess is understandable.  and the third is just lazy and doesn't like doing things unless one of the other 2 are involved.  i guess i am just really lonely.  i don't know why i decided to move in with 3 guys...i should've known that they'd always end up leaving the girl out....and make fun of me every chance they got.  a lot of times they're just jerks.  i'm really frustrated.  i'm thinking about moving out.  this thought has been lingering in my mind ever since i moved in.  i'm staying here mainly out of convenience and because we're all such good friends...plus i feel safe here as opposed to how i'd feel living in an apartment alone.  however, maybe it's finally time to get out...