hijune 10...  i never thought HS teachers are going to be frank with reality already. in english, we discussed about larry alcala's slice of life entitled "housemaid shortage". i didn't expect ms. de la cruz to be frank about the euphemism of "talent agencies" and that, in fact, they're prostitution dens. not that i found it offending, i was actually glad about it. at least teachers in this departmentare more mature and in touch with reality than those fairy-taley teachers back in elementary.  in our filipino class, ms. gino cruz introduced to us the SEG[student enrichment group], dulaang pinoy. it's theatre arts in filipino. members will be participating in school plays. they attend acting, make-up, costume, prop-making and voice modulation workshops. they also watch plays. it sounded like a lot of fun and i think i can do it. i'm capable of confidence for the hundreds, i can act as long as there are people supporting me and what's the harm in trying, right? i really want to try out different things this time. i'm so tired of writing and jammi said it's fun to act so i may as well try it.   ate aleris, monique's senior friend, was really cool. she's was so friendly and matured. she told ius all about the wacky and nice teachers in high school, their qualities and their effect on students. then we found out from a junior the one rule in the high school department: RESPECT YOUR ELDERS. meaning, give way to them in the corridors, act ever so humbly in their presence, don't be all too happy around them, etc. cool, huh?  i'm not becoming tomboyish or bisexual or anything, i'm just crushing on some really pretty seniors. one of them is diwa, "my angel". she's so cute with her glasses and she looks so sporty. the other one is vikki, "my princess". she was the one who introduced me to herself and her friends for no reason back when i was in third grade. the last one is gail, "engkantada ko"[my fairy]. my bro used to have a crush on her and i must admit that she is beautiful. aaahhhh.....the last of the theresian hotties. when they graduate, st. theresa's college will be no more than a school of geeks....eheheheh...  *** today....  sir ralph rocks! i have a HUGE crush on him. he's so funny and so cool and so cute....dreamy..it's his birthday today actually.   the butterfly effect=a neurological idea that one flap of the butterfly's wings is enough to cause a tornado. it's just a concept presenting the idea of large consequences for tiny actions. and even if it's small, when itirated, it is amplified. why such a topic from sir ralph? he related it to cheating. he said that 3 seconds of cheating could cause you your cleam record, your self immaturity and probably your reputation. it was so cool how he explained it. gish, he's so bright.  monique went to the basketball try-outs today. i was supposd to watch her but i got caught up talking to alison. alison and i seldom talk but when we do, we can relate. i thought she was the kind of person who is so damn perfect but she's not. she's the same as me, bright students striving for individuality and freedom. we talk like this every once in a while but we still keep some kind of professional distance from each other. anyway, when i came back to monique, i found out she gave up already. she said she was too tired to continue and she looked like she was about to pass out. i felt really guilty because i should've been there to annoy her and make her continue. i think there will be another try-out next week because there were only very few people who tried-out and they need 12 players for the team. i really wanted to join all of a sudden.  i have som SEG in mind already: -dulaang pinoy -CAST [theatre atrs in english] -badminton club [it's seasonal so it may not come] -basketball team -midnight society [discovering the mysteries of life..man...purpose, maybe. the club for the curious...?]