something's on my mind.  i can't seem to put my finger on it.  maybe i'll post about it tomorrow or sunday if i remember.  i'm so happy it's FINALLY the weekend.  it certainly feels like the weeks are getting longer and longer.  my students have been wild this whole week...i think it's been because the weather has been warming up a little.  i'm afraid my vocal chords are beginning to get strained from attempting to talk over the noise.  there are only 5 more days before spring break.  i wish i was going somewhere exciting but unfortunately i'm just heading home.  my mom had surgery today on her shoulder so i hope that went alright.  i sent her flowers...i hope she likes them (i know she will).  it's her birthday in a few days so it'll sort of be like an early b-day present too.  i also got 425 worldperks miles!  i couldn't believe that!!  i guess i should send flowers more often ;)  anyway, i'm going shopping for new clothes tomorrow and i can't wait.  i'm so sick of all my clothes right now, which will change once i can start wearing all of my skirts when it warms up outside.  i'm also going to attempt to finish unpacking.  it'll be nice if i can get most of it done so i don't have much to do over spring break.  i definitely need a period of time where i'm not thinking about school or stuff i need to do.  on a completely different topic...it's funny...students in one class are trying to set me up with the cute student teacher next door.  supposedly he told them that he liked me today...which i don't quite believe he said...but it's sort of flattering i guess.  lately people have been saying things to me that make me feel pretty good about myself...like austin told me i was "remarkably attractive" the other day, while another guy we were with (who i was meeting for the first time) seemed shocked when he found out i was single and was watching me the whole night.  then there was the brother of amber's friend that was watching me and starting conversations with me at the rollerskating party/bonfire.  one of my male colleagues and the student teacher called me hot the other day.  amber let me know that when we went shopping there were a few guys that were obviously checking me out.  in a way i don't understand because even though i've lost about 10 lbs. since i've moved away from the boys, it's not all that noticeable.  i think maybe more of it has to do with the way i'm presenting myself.  i definitely feel happier and more confident.  along similar lines, the last queer eye for the straight guy episode was the best ever.  it was about a figure skating couple and it was so romantic.  it actually made me really sad that i didn't have a boyfriend...which is weird because i've been anti-romance for a while now.  i still don't want to date anyone right now, but i guess it's looking more hopeful for the future...which is more than i could say before...