yesterday afternoon, our class trip was to the Citadelle (the fortress surrounding Vieux Quebec). it was interesting, but it was hot so that kind of sucked LOL... all the canons are named after women for some reason LOL  last night we had our soiree Quebecois for 3 hours. there were two guys that played some music, and we were forced to dance. BAH. so that was ok but kind of boring and it was a little hot, and then we went on to the next part. they told us some legends, and we had to sing again, and we played a boring game that no one knew how to do very well (matching quebec sayings with what they mean)... then we played a game where we had to pretend to be Canadian animals. i ended up being un hibou (an owl LOL). Jodie and i spent the whole night with Sarah (who we met on the bus the other day, and who went to Vieux Quebec with us) and her friend Chris (who is the other guy in my workshop (there are only 4 floors of guys and like 10 of girls) LOL).... they are from the Halifax area.  today, our class had to come up with a team name for the "olympics" we are having tomorrow, so we cam up with The Nordiques. they were tryign to come up with something else to go with that, and although someone was repeatly suggesting SOLDIERS, i came up with Les Nordiques Chics (you know, chic.. smart, stylish).... and that is our new name!  in our workshop this afternoon, Jodie and i finished the pages we were working on, and then we given the task of making up a questionnaire to give to all of the students, which we finished quickly. after the break, we just went outside and played a game, because it was too hot inside to work. why must it be so rainy or so humid?? lol... but right now im sitting right in front of an air conditioner, so its nice.   i have nothing planned for tonight, except right now i have to go change my sheets (once a week they change our bed sheets) and since Jodie is going to be doing her laundry tonight, i may go to Vieux Quebec with Sarah because she wants to buy a pair of shoes... or maybe not! au revoir!