Lo for the settling of the righteouserness between Philly or Boston, for the unwinding of the stand-offing between Austin and IC, for the Kerry versus Bushing, and the driving of cars with tanks of fat-fry grease, MJ will descend like an angel descending to make peace amongst the Americanites.  Donought of the sky at night, the peace she brings will be infinite, dusted in sprinkles.  Enough cleverality/stupidiatlity, I too have not posted much recently to the Blog of Blogs and will deign to do so now.  Kate and I are readying ourselves for Japan.  She leaves in a week, I the week after.  We've been catching up with friends and their children over the past few weeks.  Why is it that whenever you leave a friend alone for two or more years, they reappear with three or more children?  Anyone on this blog with fertility issues wanting fecundity, should just make sure to check in with me after May 2006.  Actually, it might be easier to go back to being clever now that I realize I don't have all that much to say.  I could pretend that I've been losing myself in rereading both the Anne of Green Gables and Emily of New Moon series but such would just be useless cleverness.   I have finally been reading William T. Vollman's The Royal Family -- which was on the remainder table at Prairie Lights.  He's a strange writer.  When I read him, the little Offut/Ethan on my shoulder cry foul (pleasurable in and of itself).  Economy of word is not Vollman's gift but his general sense of over the top has always been mesmerizing.  Does anyone else have thoughts on Vollman.  I kept telling Derr to read him while in IC.  Now I'm not so certain.  I probably could write a long passage on the meaning of home, that's what I've been thinking about lately -- as my sense of America (and my involvement in her politics) recedes and is replaced with time in my default landscape (cedars, hemlock, and firs) -- but I won't bore you all with the details.  Anyway, a question to end, does anyone on the blog have the authority to invite people to g-mail.  If so, think fondly of me since I'd like never again to delete another email.  Hope everyone's doing well.