Imagine visiting Melaka without seeing A Farmosa, is that called visiting Melaka at all?  Well, that was my experience last Saturday when I went to Melaka. However, I did manage to ride on a horse and an elephant ( you can't imagine how much it hurts), watch birds doing magic show, elephants playing music instrument...  More of my  trip to Melaka  urlLink here .   The thing I want to highlight here is that although the government has been asking people to travel in Malaysia, it seems that there are still many things the government needs to improve on to ensure that tourist, either local or foreign will enjoy their trip.   I went to Melaka, and being unfamiliar with the place, I went to the information counter at the Melaka Sentral bus station and asked for some brochures on tourist spots in Melaka.  To my 'amazement', the only thing they could provide me with was this small-photocopied-hardly visible-town map of Melaka. And THEY expect me to be able to travel around with just that?!  If the government really wants to promote tourism, the least thing they could do is to provide brochures at all major inter-state bus terminal!     What's more!  When I was taking the bus for a tour around the city, there was a foreign traveler going up the bus as well. She was holding some documents in her hand and showing it to the bus driver, asking him politely whether the bus will be going to that place.  To my disappointment, the bus driver didn't appear to be paying attention to her. He just shouted, "Naik saja cepat!"  I was so ashamed of my fellow Malaysian that I wished there was a hole for me to hide.  All these while we've been reading about articles saying Malaysians are kind and helpful. I really wonder how many of the articles are actually true.  I always thought that people from smaller town and city will be more friendly, because they don't face so much stress in life. It seems that I've made a wrong judgment.     It's kind of sad that  with the advancement of science and technology, people seems to be getting colder towards one another. They've lost their patience along the path so called civilization.