from: brett mills sent: tuesday, 1 june 2004 2.25am subject: my adventures part 12   Well hello everyone  It’s been over a month since my last group email so I thought I had better pull my finger out and let you all know what I have been up to.  I’ve been here for 4 months now, and I am still loving it.  The country, the job, the people, the free time, the travelling.  Everything.  Be prepared this is a long one.  You might want to print it out and read it at home.  My last email was in April after my trip to Hiroshima.  I haven’t been to any other exciting cities since that one.  I’ve just been hanging out in Gifu and Nagoya.  I’ve been to a few parties, and a few bars.  Lots of people here are starting to leave, so there are plenty of going away parties.    The two girls from upstairs are leaving so I will have new neighbours in a few weeks, plus my flat mate is moving out in two weeks so again another new flatmate.  Hopefully I will have more in common with this one, but I’m not getting my hopes up.  As for me moving to Nagoya with Allisyn (girl that I met at orientation), that has now been squashed.  She has decided to move to Osaka.  That’s great for her, but I was a little disappointed.  More the fact that again I got my hopes up and something went wrong.  I have now decided to live life for me, and do what I want to do when I want to do it.  Chances are if I move to Nagoya, other people will move away and I will be alone.  Gifu is fine and with the new people moving in, it should be pretty exciting.  urlLink Allisyn    Saturday we had a party at the regular going away place, Warra Warra, in Gifu.  Lots of other teachers plus plenty of Japanese students.  After that, as usual, we went next door to Shidax (the Karaoke place).  Then at about 2am, I stumbled home.    Last week I went to a house warming party.  It was a quiet one with just a couple of beers.  Anyway I met this Japanese guy who works for an English Language school.  He told me he was looking for part time or substitute teachers, so I gave him my details.  Today I had an interview, and I should know by the end of the week if I will get some extra work through him.  It’s an easier job than the one I have.  No real structure, casual clothes (with slippers of course) and just talking for 55 minutes, teaching the students some new vocab and correcting grammatical errors.  My job with NOVA is fine.  Its just the same old boring job.  I am definately glad I am not full time, as it becomes very monotonous.  I now have a regular kids class every Thursday.  Just one kid and I always ask him what day is it today and he looks at the card I have with Thursday on it and says TUESDAY!  Oh well hopefully he will realise soon.  He is a lot of fun, even farting in class (CHARMING!)  We had a party a few weeks ago with all the teachers of my school and the Japanese staff that work there.  It was at Shidax, so a lot of drinking and singing and heaps of food.  It was good to see people outside of work, especially the Japanese staff who have now opened up to us at work.  urlLink Staff and Teachers Party   urlLink Doing YMCA   The weather here is starting to get hot (atsui).  The other day I was in my perfectly climate controlled air-conditioned room (the joys of not having to pay electricity bills, you can use the air con all the time), anyway, I had a bit of a hangover so I got out of bed at about 1pm, I walked outside and the heat hit me.  It was like being in an oven.  No air, overcast and very hot.  Its not even summer yet, so I can just imagine what its going to be like in the peak of summer.  People tell me that this heat is nothing.  In summer they hand out plastic fans with advertising on them, and everyone just stands around fanning themselves.  I was told that people wear their suit jackets in summer to hide the sweat marks under their arms.  I had better get used to it, and you had all better get used to my complaining about the weather.  Last week I went to my first Japanese shopping centre.  It was like Toombul shopping centre with a Toyota car sales section with about 30 cars inside.  A bit weird.  I bought a work shirt and tie, plus I went to this shop that is like a Myer and bought some fireworks for $10.  So we went down to the park a few nights ago and let them off.  They were just small fireworks and colourful sparklers.  It was fun.  We were next to the lake, just in case something went wrong.  urlLink Fireworks   urlLink Me with fireworks   I thought I would also tell you all about my thoughts, views and experiences on a few Japanese things, now that I have been here for a while.  TRANSPORT: Japanese transport is fantastic.  Almost everything is on or within close proximity of a train.  There are three train companies, JR is the main company and runs everywhere, I think its government run, Kintetsu that looks after one part of the country and Meitetsu that looks after another part of the country.  I use Meitetsu.  There are a few bad things about the trains however.  It is expensive!  It cost me about $7 for a one-way trip from Gifu to Nagoya, and I do that at least once a week.  The Shinkansen is the bullet train (I haven’t been on it yet) but everyone uses it to go far distances.  It would cost about $125 for a one-way trip from Nagoya to Tokyo.  So I had better save up for that trip.  Another bad point is the fact that the trains finish at around 11.30pm, so when I go somewhere on a train at night, if I miss the train I need to have a back up accommodation planned, or if I am close to home I just walk.  The trains are always busy.  At 10pm it’s like peak hour in Brisbane central.  They have mastered running the trains.  They are always on time and everyone lines up in front of the doors, waiting for them to open.  No pushing in.  When you get in however you get pushed as more and more people are packing in.  You have about 5cm between you and the next person, and this is in Nagoya.  In Tokyo you have even less space than that.  There is a subway system in Ngaoya and all other major cities that is also fantastic.  The most amount of time I have had to wait is 5min, but again it’s expensive.  urlLink Train Drivers   Taxis are strange.  They are all old boxy Toyota Corolla type cars with doyley’s on the seats, and the taxi drivers all wear shirt and tie with a hat and white gloves.  Very professional.  The back passenger door is automatic.  When you go up to the taxi or when you are about to leave, the driver automatically opens and closes it.  Of course there are also busses and Gifu still has trams but they are getting rid of them next year.  I haven’t been on a tram, but I did catch a bus in Kyoto, which was the same as at home but smaller and cleaner.  SHOPPING: As I said earlier I went to my first Japanese shopping centre.  That was fun, but they are very few and far between.  There are plenty of department stores in the cities, but they are different to the ones at home.  A lot smaller and they basically only sell clothes, no electrical items or CDs etc.  Also in the subway’s is a whole other world underground.  Food shops, clothes shops everything you need.  You could easily spend hours and hours underground looking around at these shops.  It’s a maze and every time I am there I get lost and need to find an exit and go upstairs and work out where I am.  JAPANESE PEOPLE: What can I say.  They are amazing, friendly, helpful and seem to treat westerners with a lot of respect.  They are still stairing at me a lot, which is starting to get on my nerves.  It doesn’t matter where I am, people are not just looking at you but stairing.  You couldn’t even think about scratching yourself or picking you nose as some one is looking at you.  Most people want to learn English, hence all of the millions of English schools here and the ability to get private students and charge them $30+ per hour to talk.  I haven’t been able to find a private place with no one around, except of course my bedroom.  There are people everywhere.  Not just one or two but hundreds.  One bad point, well its not really bad, just different, they are such a reserved group of people.  It takes a long time for them to open up and tell you partly what they are thinking.  My students are only just now starting to tell me about their private lives.  FOOD: Different, nice, oishi (delicious) and unusual are the words to describe Japanese food.  Sometimes I just really want a turkey and salad panini, but I have to settle for Sushi.  Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE sushi and sashimi and it has become pretty much a staple in my diet (my supermarket sells fresh sushi for about $2 for two rolls), but sometime I feel like eating something like I used to at home.  I have been to a restaurant where you choose kebabs of meat, fish or vegetables that you roll in batter and cook in you own deep fryer built into the table.  Very nice.  Plus I had Okinimiaki in Hiroshima (see my last email for that one), and sometimes I crave a box set of miso soup, pickled radish, rice and a meat dish with a green tea.  Usually I just eat “Normal” food.  Bread, which only comes in a packet of maximum of 8 slices, cereal, sandwiches of tuna and salad or toast with vegemite.  It is so easy to be a vegetarian here (so long as you eat fish) as red meat is so thin and it is very tokai (expensive).  I do of course, as I did at home, still rely on McDonalds as another staple in my diet.  I usually go there at least once a week.  The burgers in Japan actually look like the ones in the pictures and they are fresh.  They don’t sit under the heat lamps for 5 minutes.  urlLink Sushi and Sashimi    I think that’s about all I can talk about (thank god, I hear you say).  I don’t have any plans to go anywhere in the near future, I still need to go back to Kyoto, and I want to go to Osaka and Tokyo.  I am thinking about going to China in January, but we’ll see about that.  Japanese lessons are still happening and are getting a little easier.  I can make sentences now. WOW!  I am still having difficulty learning the alphabets and trying to write them too.  I am thinking about doing some classes on something Japanese.  Maybe meditation or calligraphy or origami.  Not sure I will have to look into that.  As well as the job interview I had today, I have also advertised myself to get some private students, so hopefully I will be rolling in the money soon. Ha.  I hope everyone is having fun at home.  Please continue sending me updates on home and your lives.  If you have some spare time you can also check out my website: brettsmills.blogspot.com here you will find my past emails and photos, plus listen to triple J live and visit some of my favourite websites, like Big Brother of course, which I am currently watching while typing this email at 2am.  Have fun and I will chat or email again soon  Bye for now  Brett