So here I am waiting to work.  I'm working at Man-ch'on like today.  This is the newest of LIKE schools.  I have to say it's pretty nice and has a little computer lab made up of 5 computers with internet access.  I was told I started work at 3:45 but turns out I start at 4:30.  Very typical of LIKE organization.  Anyway I have 7 classes today so this will suck.  They aren't my usual kids so I guess I don't care too much.   I moved downtown today so I'm hyped about that.  I'm on the 3rd floor and it seems pretty cool.  Room isn't all that big but the furniture is good, I have my own bathroom and I get more channels on the tv.  So all in all no complaints.  I'm so happy to be near downtown.  No more having to take taxis home and crap like that.  This should be a great way to save money.  I wonder how much money I've spent on taxis total since I've been in Korea.  Maybe it is better I don't know.  I have tomorrow off but I'm not exactly sure what I want to do.  I'm thinking about taking a day trip, but if I do then where will I go?  I'm thinking Busan.  On the other hand it would be good to just sit around and chill out.  Catch a movie, sit in Seattle's and get unpacked and settled in.  I don't know, we'll see how I feel tonight and see what time I get up at tomorrow.  For some reason I haven't been sleeping that well these past few nights.  I'm trying to get stuff squared away with Scott and this is taking forever.  Ugh.  I want to get plans for going to Thailand solidified as soon as possible.   I need a haircut.  But I'm too scared to get one.   LIKE teachers meeting today but I got to skip since I had to move.  The new guy taking my place seems like a dud.  He is a Mexican-American from Texas.  Maybe he and Brian can be best friends.  But he doesn't drink or go out and party or anything.  Oh well he can hang out in Bang-ch'on alone then b/c there isn't anywhere good around there anyway.  The floor of my new room is filthy.  I'll need to get that cleaned.  I'm not sure if the dude knew to take his shoes off.  Man it's really hot in this room.  The weather has been great lately.    I think things ended well between my manager and I.  He was nice enough to take me to lunch at Micky D's.  I'm curious to meet all the new people in the dorms and see if there is anyone worth hanging out with.  My guess in probably no but you never can tell.  I live on the same floor with a guy named Chris.  Some of you might know him as the "Sherminator."  Nice enough guy.   So I need to find a gym near downtown and get back to that.  My membership ran out last week so I haven't been in almost a week.  I already feel flabby.  Ok almost time to start.