dude, hello 2am, it's been a looong afternoon/evening.... i think mostly because i've been so many places with so many different people in the last 12 hours  church was at 7:30 tonight and i left super early since traffic was sooo bad yesterday, but it was all good tonight, no backup at all... go figure... paul came to church w/ me again, only drove himself this time and met me there... he plans to show up for easter too.  good friday and christmas eve were the two services a year that completely freaked me out when i was little (christmas eve b/c of the hot wax from the candles everyone gets at the end of the service, good friday b/c of the dark and loud noise at the end)... now it's symbolic, unscary, but reflective and thought-provoking.  after church, rather than show up at jared's for no-math night in a dress, i went home, cleaned up the mess i made getting ready and changed into normal clothes and showed up at jareds... leigh's sick, colleen's home for the weekend, trevor just picked up and went to paris yesterday (it's trevor, don't ask), john disappeared for the weekend, and i was 2 hours late on account of church so the crowd was sparse... i got there and sam, eric, jared, and scott were sitting around the dinner table chatting about random stuff... i helped them eat the leftover portabellos from dinner and we all had ice cream (well, everyone but scott who we're all pretty sure is hooking up with jared's housemate vicki)... it was nice to be there, chat for a bit, but not be in the middle of a huge crowd... small group relaxed time... completely ideal!  after ice cream, jared and sam were going to watch some random dvd that i had little interest in, but eric and me rented jerry mcguire last night (neither of us had seen it before), so we took off to my place and watched it (starting at like dude... 11pm)... just finished and both of us loved it and give it 9/10 on the new mooovie ranking system. =)  now, after overanalyzing everyone's life in the department with eric as usual, i'm off to read myself to sleep... exciting eh?  later dudes, good night to all y'all.