ok well lately everytime i've come on here, i've been putting songs up for my mooshie. although that is a great joy for me, i decided to blog today instead of putting a song.   well let us see......  on friday i went to go watch the village with mooshie. movie was slow but plot was good. got me thinking. and i was sitting there with mooshie which was EGGCELELNT! hes so cute.  on saturday i went to marilyn's. it was her birthday. shes 59 now. amazing lady. i hope shes around for a long long time. we had an amazing time. food, music, swimming pool, discussing boys and love, it was so much fun! shes such a wise and great person to talk to about anything. i love her to death. and that party was fun too.   sunday was a slow day. i went to the mall for a bit to "feed the dawgs" [MOOSHIE!!] lol. saw alaina there. she was trying to make small talk but i tried to make it was "small" as possible. afterwards i got home and just sat around. it was so boring! but i talked to mooshie until about 12. which was a plus plus. (Y)  today's just begun. ma came into the room at 10 and started talking to me about something. i'm not sure what it was but she started teling me something. and then my cousin called on my cell and she started tlaking to him. i was just lying there cuddling up against ma. i havent done that in ages. sometimes it slips my mind how much of a wonderful mothers shes been. just lying there made me realize that there have been so many times that i took her for granted. its quite sad actually. now i know to appreaciate her more. shes so comfy. lol. ma, i love you.  so thats about it for now. mooshies probably up already but doing something or watching t.v. or sitting on the porch or on the computer but not online. who knows eh? he said he'd call later.  i'm not sure bout wats goin on tonight. prolly chillin wiht mooshie. *tash crosses her fingers*  thas it for now. i'm done blogging.  TASH IN later much  CHEERS(B)  \m/(-_-)\m/=>ROCK ON! hahahahhaha coco!! i stole it! sorry:(!      i need you baby, if its quite alright, i need you baby to warm the lonely nights, i love you baby trust in me when i say ok....i love you baby.....[so addicted to that song]