Date: May 25, 2004 07:06 AM  Subject: RE: hello  Body: hi! i guess i will have to indulge on exchanging notes with you while i still have the chance. i've been on a month-long-break and it will soon be over in june.   i was nominated and assigned as a grade level coordinator (contract starts in june) and i can already feel the weight of the responsibilities on my shoulders for the next three years. i decided to rent a room in one the houses near miriam, where i teach, so as to concentrate and maybe REALLY start living independently.   i was also away from home (for the first time) when i started teaching at mc in 2000. joel was with me to rescue me from the devastation of living alone. he's a great companion, i could just imagine how he has been taking good care of you. his home and his family became more than my own. it only lasted for a school year. it felt so tiring so after i got used to my job's routine, i went back home. i have to mention this because i know that i will have to express my gratitude to him and his family for the rest of my life. things wouldn't be great if not for their support and unconditional love for me.   my life, starting june this school year, will be different from what i described. i can't think of anyone else to rescue me but myself and God. yeah, i've been strenthening my estranged relationship with Him. and that makes things more exciting for me.   honestly, looking for love has been so frustrating on my part. though i've dated a couple times, been attracted to a number of potential papas, but i only ended up toying with trauma and dwelling on my "know-it-all-been-there" school of thought. i believe that love has to be something that mystifies me, wanting me to jump right into it without second thoughts nor fear. that is why i won't cease to hope and pray for true love. but for as long as the man i am with isn't successful in erasing the trauma, i am simply determined to show true love to myself and everybody else, the Christian way.   i wish to give my some reaction to your letter so please bear with the length of this letter :)   well, here's the other side of the story. edsoc yahoogroups has been my only link with joel. it keeps us updated with the project and stuff. you could've laughed if you found out that even in this group, we both managed to ignore each other's presence. it's a common trait that i share with joel. it wasn't difficult for me because i know a number of his used-to-be-close friends who ended up mutually ignoring each other due to some misgivings. haya, his girlfriend before me, had the same experience. to cut it short, it's the most predictable ending to any of his relationships.   although he didn't intend for us to end that way, i am consistent with this principle: a break up for me means to break every bond that i've shared with the person, no matter how great the love was. it's as worse as acknowledging the person's inexistence. he knows it because i refused his offering of friendship when we broke up. for me, it's the most descent thing to do. especially when i knew about your existence. it's the greatest gift i could offer to his relationship with you.   however, i'm realizing the immature implications of this principle. i don't know if joel was able to share this with you. during the first week of janaury this year, we almost bumped into each other when we crossed the (opposite sides) of the overpass along philcoa. we were both shocked. i could feel his resistance it was so obvious he almost turned back. i didn't find it insulting, rather, i realized it was my funniest experience with an ex-lover, i even laughed secretly. occasions like that are invetible and i can't imagine myself receiving that kind of treatment from him, again. baka matawa ako ng husto mabatukan ko siya nang di-oras. that's joking aside!   going back to our edsoc affair, i was too wary about attending the concert. i was responsible for inviting three of our guest bands for that night and the only way for me to thank them was to witness their performances. the anxiety rooted from my awareness that joel also prepared a performance that night. it would be the first time for us to meet since the break-up and i had the gut feeling that you would be there; this worsened my anxiety. people were used to seeing us together and seeing the three of us in that concert was the MOST awkward moment for me. I even prayed for the presence of my dad, brother and male buddies that night, just to feel secure. I was left with no choice, i took all the courage and it was indeed a very rewarding experience. I finally saw the two of you together. I am just used to friends telling me that they saw joel with her new gf, blah, blah, while i listen and smile. the three of us were there and so were the rest of our the edsocers, but, i have to disagree about the secret hate. :) it was just awkward. i actually felt so relieved after seeing the performances ended well and i was so ready to go home! i didn't bother to wait for joel's performance so as to give the two of you to get to know the rest of the group.   i found out, a few months after, that joel wasn't able to perform. the vp apologized for it in one of her emails. i felt bad about it (i even lost interest in extending my support with our org; nobody should do anything like that with a fellow alumni). knowing joel, i could already guess how he reacted on it, but i hope i was wrong.   with the rest of our common friends in edsoc, (they weren't around during the concert) it took me almost a year before i showed up with the group-- not even with gigi, my closest friend in the group. remember, during our last talk over the phone? you even advised me to meet them. but i wanted them not to see a devastated may, so it really took a long while. it only started when gigi and i accidentally bumped into each other in philcoa, october 2002, (oh yeah, that place for me is really something!) and we had the opportunity to talk to each other. that was also the only time when i was informed about the existence of another edsoc yahoogroup with a selected set of members. joel was among them. during that time, joel made a fuss about the issues on friendship and backbiting through the internet. he's always been anti-backbiting but how he treated the situation that time really pissed off the rest of our friends. it was about whether to let the other members join the group or not (it's EDSOC anyway). it was a very long argument with both sides having a point and nobody wanted to compromise. joel was "dismissed" in the said group and that's how their "anger" toward him started. it's not about our break-up because they didn't want to take sides. but that was also the time when i showed up. the group went out to celebrate celani's bday, and they were supposed to discuss joel's contention. unfortunately, it all narrowed down to my account of what happened between us. that was the time when i was obssessing about satine and my theories of who did what. i must say that it was very therapeutic on my part.   they praised me for keeping things to myself for a long time. that's because, i told them, i wanted joel to have the opportunity to reach out to his friends without my stories because i didn't want to create the bias with how they see things. they didn't judge joel for his decision, i am aware that they respect it. but they just can't help but to show support on my part, until the time i told them what happened. After i shared everything to them, i asked them to wait for joel's side. Reconciliation still has to happen, soon, i hope. Things will get better esp when joel has finally opened his heart and realize how much his friends miss him, too. Maboteng i mean Mahabang usapan un pag nagkataon.   Gigi finds you nice and accommodating but she admitted to me that her loyalty would be best shown by being on my side. Thanks for understanding. By the way, in case joel doesn't know yet, gigi and j are planning to get married in 2006. Yes, they plan to invite both of you, but they have to look at me for approval. ano ba yun, sabi ko parang ang laki ng karapatan kong humadlang sa pagpunta niyo ni joel dun. Anyway, if in case that happens, ikaw na mismo magpilit kay joel, please. JFabs has been his best buddy ever. It's very rare for Joel to keep friends. it's also difficult to win Joel's trust and confidence and I am happy that J has been so loyal with Joel as Gigi is to me.   To be honest, I never gave them the slightest idea to hate any of you. I even told them that satine, for all i know, must be my alter ego, and i must have been losing my mind all this time. (that, including me, made them laugh) it became a running joke every time we had the chance to wonder how joel is doing.   Joel is really a little boy (which reminds me of nanay). Thank you for taking good care of him as well. He deserves everything that you've been giving him. And yes, the weird sense of humor you are talking about is very evident with what we are into right now. This is so far God's weirdest answer to my prayer.   Thanks for the nice movie line. I guess I have to watch the movie to appreciate it even more.   My heart is smiling right now and i want you to know it.   :),  may   P.S.  Grabe na ito. The saga goes on with those pranksters! Di bale, just think of it as an experience that brings you closer to Joel. Marami lang talaga sigurong admirers si Joel. With what you're experiencing, I admire your patience and spunk in dealing with these stuff. I do hope that they would stop bugging you already. Kung sino man yang mga yan, may they rest in peace.