All right, it's less than a month until I move to Japan and some of my apprehensions and fears are starting to coalesce.  When I drove down to Houston for my JET interview, I got to sit in a room with some of the other applicants. I noticed that I didn't feel like I would fit in with most of them. I don't really know why, but I guess it was probably a lot of my personal  stereotyping  rather than their shortcomings. I think that I am going into JET with a lot of stereotypes that, consequently, make me quite nervous.  There's the anime-freaks and the J-pop devotees (that's Japanese pop music, a sinfully saccharine strain of the music landscape). For some reason, I get vaguely irritated by Americans who embrace certain aspects of Japanese culture. I can't explain it very eloquently (at least, not without sounding like a snob), but I can only suggest that it might be akin to how I've heard some black people feel about white people embracing superficial aspects of black culture. Here's my take: it's not wrong, and in a sense it is encouraging and kinda "one world," " let's diversify " and all that. But at the same time, something about it...the picking and choosing of "cool" parts of the culture and glorifying it, without really experiencing the culture firsthand (by traveling or learning a language or something)...it just rubs me the wrong way. And I know it's judgmental and hypocritical of me. After all, I think Japanese incense is the coolest thing ever but I've never researched the art. I love my Japanese food but can't be bothered to learn how to cook it (yet!). I don't know. It just raises a red flag for me when I meet someone who thinks manga/samurai legend/anime/-insert trendy Japanese subculture- is JUST! SO! COOL!  See? I sound like a snob.  To add to the snobbery, I am also not looking forward to the prospect of hanging out with a bunch of college kids during my three-day orientation in Tokyo. Granted, we're all college graduates, but let's face it: most of us are twentysomethings on the earlier side of the decade. I've never been quite at home with going out and boozing it up, and I'm worried that I'll have my potential friends whittled down to a prudish few because of that. Don't get me wrong; I've been known to get decked out and cause a  moderate ruckus  out and about, every now and again. But this is definitely the exception for me, and it's an increasingly rare one. I'd rather get to know people by talking to them sober, not by getting tipsy and letting inhibitions slip. I can mingle and stuff, but it's an effort for me. I like one-on-one conversations and finding common interests or debating differences in opinion. I'm just hoping that once I meet my group, every night won't be about finding cheap places to drink in Shinjuku, or hitting the clubs after our welcome reception, or getting loaded downstairs at the hotel bar and gawking at all the bad karaoke.  And finally, some totally-justified criticism. I visited BigDaikon.com for the first time today. It's a site for JETs and pretty much anyone affiliated (prospective JETs, alumni JETs). There are many such sites, but this one seems particularly no-holds-barred, which is refreshing. However, there seems to be an ongoing feud between a)JET males who, regardless of how  unattractive, nerdy, or loserly  they were back home, are reaping massive amounts of attention (and a lot more) from enthralled Japanese girls (dubbed the "zero to hero phenomenon"), and b)JET females who are labeled as "jealous" and "bitter" about these toolish guys exploiting their new command over women. That's the issue in a nutshell, but it's very complicated. Some guys aren't being tools of course. Some guys are being tools, but no more so than they were back home. Some women are jealous. Some women don't give a rat's ass. But there are  definitely  some guys who are unworthy of any woman's attention, but the mere fact that they are foreign ensures that they will be able to enjoy and possibly exploit a steady supply of Japanese girls.  Yes, this bothers me. Am I jealous of the guys? Am I jealous of the Japanese girls? Do I feel threatened by them? Am I bitter that we, the foreign females, no longer wield the power of cornering the market, women-wise? Oh, I don't know. I'll go ahead and admit that it might be a little of all that. But most of it is simply witnessing the loathsome and unrepresentative behavior of a few guys. It disgusts me to think that some guys would gleefully take advantage of their situation by collecting as many  bedpost notches  as possible in Japan, knowing full well that they are coasting on a manufactured image that never would have worked back home. It's particularly disturbing to read the flippant comments made by some guys about what things (either ridiculous or lewd) they can get away with saying to a Japanese girl because she doesn't understand English.  Then again, there are jerks everywhere. I don't get too bent out of shape about how some guys act here in Texas; I shouldn't waste too much thought on what JETs are going to be doing. And I must also consider the possibility that the Japanese women are the ones doing the exploiting. After all, the foreign guys are often just seen as arm candy and  status symbols  for the Japanese chicks. Oh, it's a mad world.  Last but not least: I am NOT looking forward to going through "Japan orientation" type seminars involving how to bow, when to take your shoes off, what to do at a Japanese dinner, and nonsense like that. Been there, done that. Now this may sound like more snobbery, but come on...how would you feel if you were a computer programmer and you had to take  Intro to Typing ? Or if you took ten years of piano lessons and someone bought you a book on how to read sheet music? I'm not an expert on Japanese culture, not by a long shot. But I do think it's okay to say that "learning" the basics during orientation will be rather dull for me.  Seriously. Someone tried to convince me last year that  Jackie Chan  was Japanese. Because I wouldn't know. As a half-Japanese person. Or for that matter, as an American. Well, he's NOT.