urlLink Curriculum Reform in the Professions: Preparing Students for a Changing World. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by Beth Jones.  It looks at ways students can be prepared for the realities of adult life.  From the ERIC Digest:  Ideally, an undergraduate education should provide students with the necessary skills, attitudes, and values that are critical to navigate the dynamic complexities of the business world. Employers are searching for graduates with strong abilities in problem solving, teamwork, communications, and leadership (Carnevale, 2000; Rao and Sylvester, 2000; Oblinger and Verville, 1998; Miles, 1994). Although most employees enter new positions with adequate technical skills, it is the process skills--especially communications and problem solving--that count toward successful job performance over time, and it is these skills that are most often absent (College Placement Council, 1994).    Concerns about the educational quality of professional preparation programs have generated fairly specific sets of recommendations about the interventions or reforms necessary to strengthen undergraduate education. While some reports are very critical, others suggest that the gap exists between the ideal outcomes and actual performance because there has been considerable "upskilling" across sectors of different professional fields (Business Higher Education Forum, 1997; Carnevale, Gainer, and Meltzer, 1990).    There has been very little recent synthesis and analysis of the progress that has been made within the United States in response to these criticisms. The ASHE-ERIC Report upon which this Digest is based focuses on the major changes that college and university faculty have designed in their undergraduate professional education programs in three areas: accounting, nursing, and teacher education. Each of these areas represents a different emphasis. Accounting is characterized as an enterprising field, nursing as a helping profession, and education as an informing profession (Stark, Lowther, and Hagerty, 1986). Examples of curriculum reforms in each of these professional preparation areas are highlighted.