Hey…  Right now I’m in second period, sitting out from P.E. I hate this class so much! My teacher is a pervert and needs to not be teaching P.E. because he makes all of the girls uncomfortable.   Anyways I haven’t been having the greatest of days today and I don’t think that there is any chance of today getting any better either. But tonight is Relay For Life and I’m excited about going to that. It has been a tradition for my sister and my mom to go to that every year. In order for me to be able to go, one of them has to stay at home… I just now realized that. Now I’m not so excited to go and I think I will stay home… What’s the point of going if your just going to feel bad the whole time because someone else had to stay home while your out having fun? I don’t understand why my family doesn’t have any traditions with me included. They never do anything with me and when they do include me in (which doesn’t happen very often) they always make me feel bad because someone is always left at home. I wonder if my parents ever realize that them and I never do anything together. The only thing that my mom and I had ever done was her giving birth to me. Anything else, I was just tagging along. I remember that over last summer I remember always going for bike rides and sometimes my parents would tag along, but now, we never go anymore. Besides the only reason why they went with me was because they thought I was lonely (I think, anyways). Our family used to go on vacations all the time also, but now we never go and it’s not the same as a “tradition” because I still felt like I was tagging along.  Anyways I’m going to get off that topic because it’s rather depressing, but I doubt my next topic will be any better.  Last night when I went on my walk (which is quickly becoming a nightly thing) I walked past these three boys that were playing out in a field next to the bay. They were all acting like perfect angels until I started walking past. They stopped playing and one of them yelled over to me “Hey, for $10 I will let you suck…” I’m just going to leave it at that because I don’t think my parents would appreciate it if I continued on. But these kids were only like seven years old! I mean can you imagine a little seven year old ask you to perform sexual favors for him? This all got me to thinking about yesterday’s post and how I was talking about parents not knowing what world their children will grow up in. It’s pretty pathetic that most people can answer ‘yes’ to the question that I asked above. I mean, I’m used to it because half of the people I know are like anywhere from six to thirty-eight pot smokers. Could you imagine a six year old marijuana smoker?  Anyways I got to go because... Well I can't think of anything else to type, so, Bye!