It has been a long weekend for a lot of people I'm sure. It's the same thing for me and our fellow batchmates who took time to play and/or watch the alumni volleyball tournament (see previous posts).  The first game of batch '98 was against perennial nemesis '97 (beefed up by EJ Baranda's batch '89). I truly believed we had a chance to beat them, considering that we were familiar with batch '97 (and EJ) and that we forced them to three long sets last year (the set they lost actually cost them a seat in the semi-finals).  On batch '98s side was (in order of arrival) shaty, myself, oliver, salve, brian caparas (who actually arrived much earlier than me but I didn't saw him until after elea arrived), elea, jonas (who just can't seem to get his requirements done; he must be living in some third world country or something), and marwin (who arrived early for the next day's game but JIT for the third set). Dacs, jae, jam, and joyce (arriving after the game) provided the much needed "moral support." Our team would have been defaulted had it not been for the (pleasantly) surprising apperances of jogon and brian. The game started out pretty well with our team winning the first set (i forgot the score). Shaty had to leave and, as expected from people generally out of shape, fatigue was felt by most players. It ended with the other team winning 2 more sets.  The visit to Pisay wouldn't have been complete without a visit to none other than our neighbor, the Office of the Ombudsman!  Okay, so it was a lame joke, but we went to the next best place, SM City!! Brought back a lot of HS memories, some notable, some forgettable. A movie at Gale (Collateral) ended my Saturday, rather late i should say, considering we had a game at 9AM the next day. Oh, nga pala, we saw Joana and Noel (her BF) in Galleria, enjoying dinner at Popeye's.  Sunday was not what I expected. I arrived a little before 9AM and there were only 6 people in the gym: ontong, 2 officials, and 3 people from batch '96. A few minutes later, batch '96 (the defending champs) were complete and we were only 3 (plus salve). Shaty arrived (with kay quema in toll) but we were only 5!! The officials ruled we were defaulted and only then did marwin arrive! Not that it would matter, but we still played. As expected, we got creamed by batch '96. Highlights of the game included, well mostly batch '96 highlights. Ontong never really got the opportunity to show what he learned at volleyball camp at PBS but Kay (our savior, really!) got smothered by the opposing camp's serves. Grabe, wala awa yung mga taga batch '96! But, I would like to thank Kay, on behalf of the entire batch, for having the guts to play that day. Thanks!  Oh yeah, dumating pala si RJ (a.k.a. Rodrigo --> say emphatically) in all his buffness. You won't recognize him until you talk to him.  **********   Invite lang    For those of you who want to play volleyball or just cheer and watch the games, the team's next games are (all at the Pisay gym):      Aug. 14 (sat) 2:30PM [vs. eric soriano (eng journ teacher) and the rest of '90]   Aug. 28 (sat) 2:30PM [vs. '88]   Aug. 29 (sun) 9AM [vs. '93]      these teams are actually beatable (unlike batch '96) so the team needs your support. it would also be a nice chance to get some headway in the alumni homecoming chit-chat. of course, there's an SM City outing after the game :)      are the UP Med people reading our blog? Hey, if you are, please join us!! Special mention to JPL, Charisse, and Julius. (NOT Med: Also to Cholo, Paulo Chua; WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?)