Why does every computer come with solitaire? This is an evil, evil thing. Solitaire is a deceivingly simple game. And you think you can win all the time. I usually play until I win. This being the case, I often end up playing for hours! Hours! I could be writing the great American novel, but instead I am moving cards from one pile to another. Not even real cards but pictures of cards. It's not like I have nothing better to do. (Well, that's not always the case.)  I have had problems in the past with gaming. It tends to take up a lot of my time. But it's a cheap addiction. I usually play some video game every day. I'd say on average I do 45 minutes a day on one of my game systems or my computer. While on my computer, I can do other things like surf the net, chat with friends, or actual work. But I realize that this vice is a cheap one. I figure I spend about $20 a month on this habit. When I went to Dave and Buster's a lot, it was probably twice that, but seeing as I'm close to broke that has stopped. It's way cheaper than cigarettes which is like $4 a pack now. It's even cheaper than buying a bottle of wine a week. Something else I wish I could do. And it's absolutely cheaper than whoring. They cost way too much for me. And they risk of disease and the pending medical bills from that is far more than I'm willing to spend. So video games is a good vice for me. It's controllable.  The real problem is time. I have been a little late for work more than once cause I had to finish a game or get to a save spot. And the days in middle school when I was constantly hollered at for being late for the dinner table for similar reasons. But those were the days when you had to pause the game and go eat and come back. And God forbid something bump that nintendo. I wanted to kill the dog more than once for that.  The other night I was tired and had to get something off my computer around about 11 PM. I began talking to Mike a little, and then I opened the solitaire game. Bad move. I like the Spider Solitaire which most people shy away from cause it's complex and stategy out the wazoo not unlike high level chess. And I don't mess around with the one or two suit games. It's four suit or nothing. The game is hard, but I can usually beat it in a few tries.  Well, it got to be 11:30, I had to work at 8 AM the next morning and I had a long day. My eyelids were dropping. I was fallign asleep and my hand was still moving the mouse to move the cards. What the hell is wrong with me? I was falling asleep and I could not stop playing a dumb inconsequential card game! I was fighting sleep to try and win a card game. I just wanted to win. I just wanted it more than sleep.  I'll have to reset my values: 1. Food 2. Sleep 3. Women 4. Video games Okay that's better.  I'm going to get off the computer and shut off the solitaire. I mean I borrowed two games and I need to play them.