Wow. It has been such a long time since i wrote in here! like the last time that I wrote it was june 17th... and now its July 21st!! I just went back and read all of the entries from before... I am such a drama queen! I was all like "i just wanna die!"  well boo hoo. life goes on. sometimes.   Well, me and johnny had a really good week.... then a really big arguement.... then another really good week then we didnt talk for 2 cause of an arguement. like he tells me to come up there, and that he should have never treated me bad, and that he really really likes me and he tells me how great I am... then stuff typically happens... and 2 days later, he wont even talk to me, and he tells me that he had made a mistake, and that he doesnt even care at all that he hurts me. But anyway. so we didnt talk for 2 weeks until last night, when this girl Kate Marr spent the night, and her and I were out side walking, and Ralph topper went to put the trash outfront. so I stopped him and talked to him for a while, then Johnny came down, and well it was really aukward... and we didnt say anything to eachother for like 15 mins. but then finally i broke the "rules" as my brother says, and i spoke to Johnny. so we talked for like 2 hours. It was really nice to talk to him, like not about us, and not be trying to talk to him while hes shoving his tounge down my throat or anything of the sort. I really really do love him though. and i know we will end up together eventually, But for now we both need to be just friends until we are both ready for a real relationship.  Last night when I was standing outside talking to Johnny, Liz and Sara came down the road, with book bags, and they are like "you need to call our mom and tell her that we are spending the night at your house tonight!" because they were planning to meet Robert and Andrew (two boys from Littlestown, PA that they know thru youth group). So I called their Momma on the cell, and Confirmed everything. It was cool i guess. So after I went home, they went to their house and snuck in so that they could change clothes. Then they came back, and snuck into seans bedroom window. and we all chilled in seans room (in the basement) for like 2 hours. and like it was about 2 am. Liz was upstairs asleep in kyles bed. mom had no clue that they were here, Kate was asleep in my bed. and i was taking a 13 min nap in seans bed, with sara in the computer chair next to me keeping track of time and not falling asleep. well next thing i kno, i have 3 mins left to nap. I hear movement in the room, and the basement light is on. I am all looking around for sara, saying "dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, where are you" and my mom walks in. But i was still sorta asleep. so I was like "whoa. mom. I think i fell asleep" and i looked around and i go "where is kate?!" then mom tells me that she is in my bed (which i knew already...) so mom didnt findout about sara and liz, and she thought that kate and I were in seans room, but when i fell asleep, that kate went to bed in my room. in all reality, i cant believe we got away with everything. but we did. it was cool as shit!  well last night, at midnight was the exact middle of summer, so its all down here from here. Next week i have to go to Nana's all week. and dont get me wrong. I love nana dearly, but i dont like staying with her for a whole week! and duh me. I have to go to the firehall next thursday, so i guess thats when i come home. well that makes me a little happier! Sometime in august, i have Training at the fire traning place. Not sure what saturday yet though. And then another weekend in august, i am going to Deleware with my little bro for like 5 days.  and i have to go school shopping still, and then I am debating on dying my hair strawberry blonde. but it would be awesome! I am covered In poison ivy. and im all itchy!! ahh. LoL!    Well Now that i have written an entry longer then the bible... I think I am gonna go. ok? ok!  Well for now. I Really LOVE John Joesph Topper. And I do accept that everything happens for a reason, and that I wont be with him right now, but we will work out in the long run... so Goodbye for Now. I will get back on sometime soon I think.   Luv 2 ya! Mwuah!  Kirsten Alyce