The other night a friend of mine commented that people often misuse the terms "dork" "nerd" and "geek." I called him a dork, and he said that officially that must make him socially inept. I think he is a dork because he knows when every Harry Potter movie for the next 5 years is coming out and re-reads the Lord of the Rings trilogy every year. Though, I wouldn't say he is at all inept. But he's right, officially those words mean some form of social or intellectual ineptness.  In any case, last night we all went bowling. By "we all" I mean my dorky friend mentioned above and another dorky, but not as dorky, friend. I mean in grad school we are all kind of dorky really. "Super cool" and "grad student" don't mix very well. After a couple of games of bowling (where I of course lost but continually improved my own game) an undergraduate couple showed up. (They were clearly undergrads and I think clearly freshman. If we weren't at the Cornell Lanes, I might have even suspected they were Sr's in high school). In any case, these kids were nerds, and I mean that in the proper sense. At first I found them amusing. The girl with her colorful print shorts, that sort of looked like she sewed them in Home Ec class, the guy with his thick glasses and pants a little to high, the girl's attempt at a "sexy dance" as she came back from bowling a frame to the music on the juke box, the things they would say to each other after the got a strike or a spare. The whole shebang was amusing to me.   Which I know makes me a bad person. I never claimed to be a particularly good person. I'm a nice person, whose nice to people, but I'm also the kind of person who enjoys gossiping and pointing out the foibles of others be they friend or foe. And yes, I know glass house and all that. I shouldn't be throwing stones considering that I am no where near perfect, and I have enough character flaws of my own to keep people like me talking about me.   And yeah, these kids were really nerdy (Their nerdiness was lighyears ahead of my too-cool-for-the-cool-kids, don't blame me I'm a grad student dorkiness), but they were incredibly happy. And yeah, I found it amusing that when they would highfive they would lock fingers for a second or stop in the middle of bowling to give each other a hug. But at least they had someone to lock fingers with in a bowling alley. I was there with two guys who I won't be locking fingers with at bowling alleys any time soon (nor would I have any desire too), and in fact I haven't had someone to be that happy with in quite awhile. So be it, that they are socially awkward people, at least they have each other and that's really all the counts.  So who am I to judge them, and call them nerds, and make fun of their homemade shorts? Can't I just put away my single jadedness and let these kids be happy in peace? Eh, what fun is that?  urlLink  postCount('108338121447754194');