I fully believe in praying for our nation's leaders. They can use all the help they can get. We can only benefit as citizens by God doing some intervention with the current administration.  In this noble pursuit, an organizaiton has been formed, The  urlLink Presidential Prayer Team .  So, on the face of things, the PPT seems like a very noble and wise idea.  Instead, unfortunately, while it does have an Adopt-a-Troop program (and hey, you can get your very own PPT dogtag for a minimal donation), it serves as a facade for the Relgious Right.  Rather than just putting forth issues that the President and his administration could use guidance on, and asking God to lead them to the right conclusion, the PPT presupposes what the answer should be. They ask God, much like lawyers ask a judge, to bring our leaders to the proper predetermined outcome.    The PPT has requested that we: "Pray for the President as he seeks wisdom on how to legally codify the definition of marriage. Pray that it will be according to Biblical principles. With any forces insisting on variant definitions of marriage, pray that God's Word and His standards will be honored by our government."  Futhermore, the PPT has The Presidential Prayer Team has since October 2003 urged members to "pray for the President as he seeks wisdom on how to legally codify the definition of marriage. Pray that it will be according to Biblical principles."  Also, on  urlLink March 25, 2004 , they asked members to "pray for the ongoing effort to strengthen our nation by creating and passing a constitutional amendment codifying marriage as being only between a man and a woman.  Pray that godly values will be honored."   They even put up a picture in the October edition of a cute young white couple to remind us what American marriage is all about.  Nonetheless, as my partner, Peter, pointed out, "any good religious person believes prayer should be balanced by action."  Therefore, I present to you the new PPT (Peter's Prayer Team) and its revised goals in  support of a proposed Constitutional Amendment codifying marriage entirely on Biblical principles:  A. Marriage in the United States shall consist of a union between one man and one or more women. (Gen 29:17-28; II Sam 3:2-5.)  B. Marriage shall not impede a man's right to take concubines in addition to his wife or wives. (II Sam 5:13; I Kings 11:3; II Chron 11:21)  C. A marriage shall be considered valid only if the wife is a virgin. If the wife is not a virgin, she shall be executed. (Deut 22:13-21)  D. Marriage between a believer and a nonbeliever shall be forbidden. (Gen 24:3; Num 25:1-9; Ezra 9:12; Neh 10:30)  E. Since marriage is for life, neither this Constitution nor the constitution of any State, nor any state or federal law, shall be construed to permit divorce. (Deut 22:19; Mark 10:9)  F. If a married man dies without children, his brother shall marry the widow. If he refuses to marry his brother's widow or deliberately does not give her children, he shall pay a fine of one shoe and be otherwise punished in a manner to be determined by law. (Gen. 38:6-10; Deut25:5-10)  G. Divorced people may not remarry without being considered adulterers.  (Math. 5:31-32) (Mark 10:4)   Adulterers shall be stoned to death. (Lev. 20:10)