I was out last night until way too late with my buddies in Joliet. I didn't feel all that well this morning as I hit the ATA terminal at Midway in Chicago. To top it all off I wasn't too thrilled about flying to Boston. So after waiting in too many lines for too long of a time, I finally boarded the plane and was aghast at the sight. I never knew that they packed people into these planes like sardines. When you are flying an economy airline, they make sure to get their money's worth. I slowly walked my way to my seat, sat, and sweated out the anticipation of what would be my first flight ever. As a buddy of mine told me the night before, "If you hit any turbulance on the flight you might as well kiss your ass goodbye!" Then the engine roared and the plane started to move very fast and before you know it my ears were popping. I got a slight twinge of nervous stomach. You know the type where you stomach goes into your throat whenever you go over a hill quickly. That was it.   As the plane climbed higher than the Sears Tower I realized that I was higher than the clouds, this time in reality not just in a mental state, I felt a sudden foolishness over how much I had over reacted about flying. It really was not a very big deal at all. I began to feel a nervous anticipation of what would certainly be a life changing event in Boston. As we landed it was an overpowering sense of serenity that overcame me. I am glad that I took this chance and am happy to have so many people behind me.   As for getting my luggage, that was the easy part the tough part was getting to the Suffolk University dorms. I had to wait 20 minutes with a bag, that weighed more than most young adolescents, for the shuttle bus to come and take me to the subway line. I got to the subway and had to lug that big bag up two flights of stairs. *note to self. Write letter to Teddy K., and John K. about need of escalators in subways. Got off the subway or T as it is known in Boston and then went to the wrong branch of Suffolk University. I talked to a security guard and he informed me of my error. He said I could catch a cab around the corner, but after thinking about it for 2 seconds I decided to tough it out and walk back the other way. This decision was also influenced by the fact that I don't have a whole lot of cash, and that the walk would probably do my chubby self a service.   I got checked into the dorm and relaxed for awhile. My roommate showed up. The guy's name is Jesse and he is from Connecticut. Oh yeah, turns out he is a Yankees fan, but hey not everyone is perfect after all. Anyways, gotta get going gonna check out the town. I'll get back to you as soon as I can.   I would like to give a shout out to the PoliPrincess, The Eagle has landed, take cover under the mushroom seed. And for everyone else, have a great day.