So far so good I believe the saying is, day 2 and I am still blogging.   Being able to do it via email makes life easier, and it is all about  making life easier.  Everything we seem to do now has to be easy or it is not worth doing,  we need that instant feel good factor or we just give up.  In school I  have people ask me why am I a Christian? I tell them that it is what I  put my hope in, God is their for me, He listens to me Jesus paid a  price I could not.  Then I sit back and think this all sounds great,  but what about the other side?  The side where people mock you for  standing for what you believe in?  Even people close to me will  sometimes put me down for following something that they do not  understand (or even sometimes do not want to understand).  Where is the  feel good factor here?  There is no fuzzy feeling, just heart ache.  As I look at the bible I see that Jesus did not call us to live a great  life that is full of happiness, health and wealth, but to live a life  pleasing to God!  Maybe this is the feel good factor, pleasing God - I  know that that is true but it is hard to remember when life gets you  down.  Having faith is hard work, some days I feel I have lots other days I  have less than a Luton Town football fan who in his heart says we will  be in the premier ship soon but knows in his head no chance.  WHy  should I hang on in their when it seems all around me give up on  everything at the first sign of trouble?  Young people in school are  the classic examples, the half try something, think that they can not  do it so they just give up.  I do not believe that they learn this  themselves, but believe that we as their examples are showing them  this.  Marriage break ups, at the first sign of trouble some couples  are already on the solicitors door step.  We all say that it is to  hard!  Having faith is hard but it is also what picks me up when I feel I have  been kicked to the ground.  Check faith out for your self, don't just  take my word for it - read the gospel of Mark.  Any comments let me know.