No amount of preparation could have prepared me for Bobby's first day of school.  Books have been written about how watching a kindergartener go off to school with a brand new lunchbox, newly purchased tennis shoes and fresh scrubbed face created bathtubs of tears. Did I glance wistfully as he walked away, or walk into walls as a looked for a last glimpse of my precious baby? HEAVENS NO! I jumped into the car to race home to do what I thought every sane mother of a five year old boy would do...rip off my clothes, run to the tub and turn on the faucet without someone with little grubby fingers beating me to the faucet. My first quiet bath in a hundred years, or so it seemed! After the long soak, I realized, MY Goodness! The phone! I could actually talk on the phone without listening to the Ninja turtles battle, or holding the phone under my chin while I wiped peanut butter and jelly off the keyboard! Everyone I knew who didn't still have kids at home was at work! I still had hours! I needed a plan! Sitting down with a pencil and pen, I devised a schedule: I could get all the housework done in two hours, and still have two hours to pursue other things!Adult things! When my little hero came home, he'd be excited, I'd be excited, it would be wonderful.Two weeks later, he came home with head lice. Three weeks later, his red bumps were chicken pox. Six weeks into school, I struggled to get his lunchbox, homework, and clothes together in time for him to be ON TIME for school! Standing before the mirror, I noticed my blotchy eyes, queasy stomach, dull hair, sore boobs and made a mental note to do "something" about myself. And "where,' I wondered 'had all my free time gone?" I'd look into it as soon as I took a short nap. Two days later, as my insides exited through my mouth for the third time in the last three days, I knew it! Fate, that master of irony had done it again. My free time would be replaced with doctor's visits and weigh-ins and sonograms and stretch pants. That rabbit hadn't just died, he committed suicide!