Over the years of following the Wiccan path, I have asked this question several times over. I have even heard female pagans ask this too. When I first began exploring Witchcraft/Paganism in elementary school, I could only find books on spells, hexes, history, and the like. By the time that I made it to junior high school and picked up the tarot, there was still no appreciable material on Wicca and its theistic structure. Mind you, this was also before the true advent of the internet when computers began to quickly appear in many of our homes. By the time that my best friend got her driver’s license, I had already planned the trips to Nashville’s bookstores that we would take. So, I suppose that I learned the name Wicca my freshman year of high school. Already, I had burned through the public library, the school library, and local bookstores looking for more information on mysticism and witchcraft. At this point, I was only a history buff as far as being a witch is concerned.  Now that we are back in time, I will continue with my diatribe. The day that I walked into Hickory Hollow Mall’s B. Dalton Booksellers and picked up my first copy of Cunningham’s Wicca: A Guide for the Solitary Practitioner, was a momentous one. Here was exactly what I had been looking for from the media. Years of watching Hollowood’s bent on the Craft, and grossly distorted accounts of history by acceptable authors of the local library council, left me wholly unprepared for what Wicca/Paganism/Witchcraft is today. Even in Cunningham’s introduction of his hugely popular book he writes, “Anyone interested in learning “The Craft” had to content themselves with hints from books and articles.” I had never thought that I would be switching faiths altogether.   From the beginning, Cunningham outlines the religion of Wicca, its roots in shamanism, and (more importantly) chapter two jumps head first into “The Deities.” Being inundated with information on spells and ritual in the past, I jumped straight to those sections at the back of the book that pertained to the “how” of it all. With no one to guide me, I was left to make a paradigm shift on my own. The Wiccan path determines itself for us. In other words, it’s my belief that simply deciding to discover more about Wicca forces us to see Wicca in a different light than we originally might have thought.  Back to the theistic structure of the Craft. Cunningham quickly jumps into a Witch’s relationship with her/his deity. Coming from monotheistic - patriarchal backgrounds (well, most of us do) it is easy to continue seeing the God as someone who is quiet, maybe fatherly, and most often removed from our day-to-day lives. Coming from an oppressive patriarchal religion (not that we all do), we’ll ignore him altogether and concentrate on our all loving and motherly archetype of the Goddess. Look around any New Age/Metaphysical Bookstore and it seems that even the jewelry has a better selection of the Goddess, than the God.   Just as no one can dictate what type of personality a goddess has for you, no one can dictate a god for you. Borrowing from Taoist philosophy, I have the feeling that balance between the two is key. If you have named your goddess and god after the Greek, Mesopotamian, Hindu, or Celtic backgrounds you may have discovered the differing personalities of them all. Some are wrathful goddesses, some are loving and motherly. The same story can be found for the god, there are dark gods, sun gods, fatherly gods, gods of music and revelry, so many we might not know what to do. Truly, how close or removed is our relationship to our makers? What is their role in our lives?  These questions determine more than one might first realize when picking up that first book on Wicca, Santeria, or Paganism  So, am I touting the importance of a male counter part or waxing on whether we understand our personal relationship with our deity? Both are correct; the two questions might be considered inseparable. If we lump all the responsibility onto our goddess, she will surely rebound with so many responsibilities on her plate. She already has to over see all things green (I follow a Celtic pantheon) so why would I also ask her to oversee the animals? When I lay out a tarot spread, I ask the goddess to provide me with the intuition to see the story, and the god to allow me to cut through to the heart of the matter.   Each has their own share of responsibility in dolling out life lessons. In ritual, the goddess affords me the protection I ask, the god is my stalwart – the actual conduit behind the energies I am working with. She is the river and he is the bank. Neither one is complete without the other. To give more substance to our mother and not equal with our father is an imbalanced path to walk.