Cruising around the streets of Paris, Barcelona, Italy, Rome and so fourth there has been one interesting familiarirty between all of these great cities... Sunshine, or perhaps more correctly lack thereof. I have walked the streets of Bueatiful Paris, sauntered along to a street made salsa in barcelona, I have even tasted the pizza's of pizza the one thing that no longer suprises me is a that when it rains there seems to be some strange chemical reaction with the locals. Although I have noticed that about sixty percent of the population are immune to this reaction, the other twenty percent are not. This strange occurance seems to affect their skin color, accent, and cloathes. And the following few lines are basic insight in to the research I have done and the results of this research.  If you are walking down one of these streets and it starts to rain, you will find on every corner of every street and every quarter in-between some of the population the city have turned in to two legged walking umbreller shops. It is a strange phenomenon it is especially strange to see a shop get up and walk after you for three or four paces saying in broken english "ello ello, you wan umbrella.... ellooooo?"  Upon accepting the invitation to buy an umbrella you have the opportunity to become a yobbish loud american with a thick Los Angelese accent and denounce verbally that these "brollies" aren't worth the (self-assumed) price of €30.00 and tell our walking north african shop that you will pay no more than €15.00 for this cheap piece of china crud (yes I kid you not dear friends, this did happen) to which the walking shop will reply with a broad grin that shows off his enormous white teath outlined by thick red lips and a face as black as coal, "yeseir bob, you got me.. fifteen good".   Or you can be a smart contiki kid and haggle them thar umbreller salesmen down to €2.70 (my current best, but someone else was offered an umbreller for €2.50 (my next goal should I get the chance)). So  you can see by the haggled price that taking the road of an american yob in europe could get you broke quite quickly.