To start out my series of reviews on books I have read, I would like to start with the all-time classic  urlLink Roots by Alex Haley . This book back in the 1970s was accompanied by a  urlLink TV miniseries  that evolved into the highest rated program in the history of American television. Also the miniseries brought  urlLink The Reading Rainbow guy  into everyones' homes.  urlLink Roots  goes from generation to generation starting with Kunta Kinte during his African childhood to Alex Haley during the Civil Rights movement.  In the first 250 pages, Mr. Haley goes into great detail about the life of Kunta Kinte with his African heritage and his subsequent capture and endeavors as a slave. It is truly compelling as you can feel the joy of Kunta's childhood and then the shock of being taken away from his home and the only way of life that he knows. Once Kunta comes over in a decrepit slave boat, he fights and struggles against the society of the white man. This leads to some severe punishment (I will try not to spoil it too much). But even with all of the hardships that Kunta faces, he still tries to counter the way that they force him live. This happens for around the first ten years he is in America. Upon him being there a whole decade, he finally gives up the hope that he will see Africa again. So he decides he must bond and mate with a fellow female slave. This occurs, and thus Kunta finally has a daughter.  Kunta tries to pass on his heritage as best he can to his offspring. He tells her not to trust the white people as they are evil. Of course, being a daughter, she disobeys and hangs out with the slave owner's daughter. Everything goes fine and dandy with this relationship. Hell, the white girl even taught her how to read and write. This would seem to be a valuable skill, but in the end that was her demise. When she turns 16, Kunta's daughter and her boyfriend find a map that outlines the area. Being that she can read and her boyfriend cannot, she tells him what the map says. The following night, the boyfriend tries to escape, but is caught. When the authorities find the map with him, they ask him if he knew how to read. He says he is not able to. They then torture him until he points out that Kunta's daughter knows how to read and write and that she was the one that told him what everything on the map meant. Having dark skin and being able to read pretty much a horrid predicament to be in back then. So as her punishment, she was shipped off to the local slave auction site.  I feel that I have already spoiled too much, so I will stop with the detailed review. Five more generations ensue and five hundred pages go on. It is truly entertaining throughout.  There is only one problem I have with the book. It says it is nonfiction, but yet there are direct quotes from the people. There is only one way that is possible. That is to assume that for over two hundred years all relatives had a biographer by them every second of their lives. That is just about as likely as a person actually donating money to me by using that paypal donate thing to the right.  All in all, this is a great  fictional  account of the lives that these people had.  urlLink Roots  has so much distinctiveness that it is surpassed by few in its quality.