yesterday was really eventful. we had our church meeting, then i went to  tung lok restaurant  at  liang court  to have lunch with uncle john chow and my grandma and cousins, and aunt nancy and diana. after that we went to malaysia with some church brothers, to  labis  in  johor . we got to the durian farm (my dad's) and ate some durian. my dad tried to dig a termite nest to look for a queen but failed.  and i didn't eat that much durian coz i was building a bonfire with my family. we didnt get that big a fire, though. later we went to a hot spring and soaked a bit. it was hotter than usual. the nice thing was, my dad 'bribed' the guy in charge to open the spring for us coz it was about to close when we got there. anyway i think i was the only 'brave' one to swim in the spring. most people couldnt have stuck their head in even. i did a handstand underwater-the only one. i was quite proud of that.  the shower afterwards was really good. sarah, my sis, found a nest near one of the fluorescent lights, and i thought that would be good, there were baby birds opening their mouths coz they were hungry. got joseph kor to take a picture for us there. thanks joseph!  the stars were really visible there coz it was faraway from light pollution. (didnt know that such pollution existed huh?) later we had dinner. it was really good, except for the spilt tea that kept dripping on my pants. we had deer meat and wild boar and frog leg. there was also the ultra-peppery pig intestine soup.  my dad calls delta goodrem  noise . like, what? u can call linkin park or simple plan, which are good to me, noise, but delta goodrem? noise? sheesh. sometimes i think he cant appreciate good stuff, you know? delta  good rem okay? have a really busy schedule ahead. tomorrow i have my church camp, and i have my syf choral festival today, tmr and thursday and some other days...and i have piano recital at allianse francaise on the day my camp ends...and i have my sph journalist camp on mon and tues next week. thats gonna be a waste of time. and plus, i still have SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much homework!! i will never finish all of it. damn. sorry about sounding like a comatose patient on my last entry. that was unintended for. i was just angry.  anyway, i need to go do some freaking homework now before my syf thing. God bless all of you. see you after my camp, or tomorrow.