I'm not feeling very well since last night. I am fine but my headache struck me with not considering the place & time. I hate headache~... I just want to get well and watch the final shows for tonight. Ergh... tonight will be the final concert of Akademi Fantasia 2. I'm not into it anymore but since I watched it almost all the time, I should watch it, just to keep me notified of who is the winner... by the way, my home will be full tonight because we're having barbeque for nothing. I think my family wants to celebrate the Athens... hehe :) ... everyone is talking about Athens globally!      I slept @ 3 a.m. this morning because I watched the opening ceremony of the  Athen's Olympic .. it was great and superb! I am proud to watch the ceremony... I know the feelings of the participants because I was once participated in such an event. How I wish that I could repeat those fabulous moments...  (I really miss all the students, friends;  Saliha ,  Amy ,  Jalilah ,  Izzah ,  Aminah ,  Nidah ,  Midah ,  Rahmat ,  Zulfakhri ,  Hafizan ,  Jimmi  &  all F 1B mates Year 1999 ... I really miss all of you~ :'( )    Life was fantastic then. All the laughter and joy we had share will never be forgotten. Life is simply the best when we were all together doing our practises and enjoying our 'not-so-good' foods... I really miss all...  haiyaa ~       I woke up as usual at 11:15 a.m. Another hectic day for me but I felt so good because I only have one period of study at school at that could come to Mathematics by  Sir Moza . My best girlfriend,  Nurul Baieyah  didn't come to school because her uncle was unable to send her to school. I was alone but I was lucky enough to have  Sarip  to accompany me the whole period. I was with him and we studied Maths together but half-way through,  Amin  joined us to it together... After I had taken my usual attendance, I went straightly to the exam room to take my November GCE O' Level exam's timetable. So, there is no way that I could escape exams, or rather much to say,  quit  school :'( ...      Suddenly,  Teacher Hashimah , my Economics' teacher came in with her fierce look. I was asking my self, where did I got wrong or did I done something against the school's rules or what?? Alot of questions lingered in my mind... I looked at  Sarip  and  Amin , they even got a very  clueless  look. Is it something to do with my class attendance or what???... But soon, the class turned into a very unexpected environment...   Someone in my Maths' class just  conteng-conteng  someone else's father's name which for me is rude and lame! How rude that kid is! I even angry at that person but still remained  unknown . I pitied her... All of the students were swearing for the truth and it was so funny that my group;  me ,  Sarip  and  Amin  were targetted... heheh :)   It was raining heavily after that... it was  Sir Moza 's last class for us. Next week,  Mr. Teo  will be back teaching us Mathematics. I'm going to miss him because he is so cool and cute~ heheh :)       I went back home straightly after school. Saw  Izzah  on the road. I didn't actually sees her but I think she's in the car. Now I am still counting days for my GCE June O' Level exam's result to be out... just wish me all the best... ok, I have to move out now. I need to help my other lads downstairs for tonight's fiesta!! By the way, the channel 902 is now showing swimming... is there Ian Thorpe?? heheh :) he roxs!