Monday morning...Went to school to finalise the written comm. project.. I arranged to meet the group at 10 am. All turned up except  Daryl .. Guess what time he showed up? 12.30 p.m.!!! I could have just killed him but i'm a nice girl.. Haha.. I hear sounds of disagreement..lalala.. We managed to submit the project but while printing our project, a funny and freaky thing happened.. Somebody seemed to be typing something on my notebook.. We saw sentences like "This old man", "14 in a jail".. It was so freaky!!! When i clicked print preview, the words just started appearing and spoiled my whole layout.. So we closed it and opened the file again.. Thankfully, it was back to normal.. But it's still freaky!!!*Hair standing*..  Went back home had an argument with Darren.. I'm sorry Darren that i can't meet up with you.. My parents refused to let me out and he's jealous that i'm contacting or even communicating with guys.. I can't believe it.. Just when i had stop arguing with someone, i had to argue with him..  YOu jealous? You say that you are not comfortable with me communicating with guys.. You say that you only want me to be yours. I am yours  (am i?)  but you must understand that these are my friends, honey.. Haha.. What a joke.. I got into a relationship with an older guy thinking that he would treasure me more than my ex.. How naive of me..I guess, it's still the same.. I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.. Everytime i message you, i got to wait so long for your reply. Sometimes, you don't even reply.. What are you doing at home anyway?? Yes i admit i'm difficult and petty but it's because i care.. I love you and you mean so much to me.. I can't break up with you nor can i bring myself to hate you.. Though we've only met 10 times, I treasure what we've done and gone through together.. 1 1/2 years of relationship.. Will time heal all wounds?  Hi Chrissy darling.. I understand what you're going through now.. Isn't it funny how the both of us are having problems in our relationships? I'm in a dilemma too.. Should i let him know that i have a blog? Should i let him know how i truly feel? There are many guys who treat me better than he treats me.. Sometimes the heart abit moved but i don't know... Whatever it is, take good care of yourself k.. I'm not around to lend you tissue or my shoulder when you're upset but i'll be your listening ear always.. Best friends forever.. Good luck for your tests as well.. See you soon i hope.. I miss you terribly.. We both got so many things to tell each other..  Sorry ppl.. Long blog these past 2 days.. So many things happening..