dude  so after sleeping til noon, i had a pretty good day.  first, on the list -- shoe shopping... it's officially warm enough to be wearing sandals again, so i got some without holes in the soles... this is always an adventure because i have freakin huge feet for a girl (i generally wear size 11 or 11.5 womens (which is cerca size 9 in mens))... i actually found myself some tennis shoes i liked amongst the women's shoes, and then got some sandals out of the guys shoes section... they're pretty generic, (i.e. there's nothing about them that screams they only belong on guy feet =P (except for the fact that they fit my feet and don't have a double digit size!)), and they were tons more comfortable than any of the sandals in the girls shoes section... anyhow, new shoes, yay  next on the list: sears.  i just noticed last weekend where there was a sears near me and was excited... my favorite pair of jeans is still barely wearable but won't be for long, so i had to go on the hunt for replacement, and then got carried away with the tradition from when i was little of finding myself an "easter dress", so i got a skirt i absolutely loved and a nice shirt too... and they're amazingly enough not black, navy blue, or grey (the 3 colors i'm wearing 90% of the time)... (and amazingly enough, i actually bought dress clothes... duuuude, what's wrong with me?!?!)... i was pleased, and even now, 10 hours later am still happy w/ my purchases... all 3 pieces of clothing, plus both pairs of shoes all for under $90... and the shoes were half of it!  after sears, i met leigh at barnes and noble and she graded and i worked on graph theory... there's only 5 problems this week and i worked a bit on all of them but i'm not so happy with any of them.  so it goes.  after i worked with leigh for around 3.5 hours, eric called me up and was like "dude, when are we eating dinner... i'm starving!", soooo, we went to subway, and then to rent mooovies... tonight's reviews:  blade runner: (first time either of us saw it) eric: 5/10 me: 4/10 eric's commentary, "what the heck?  and the moral of this is... don't be an android?"  aladdin: (eric's seen it a bazillion times before since it's one of his sister's favorites, it was actually my first time ever to see it!) eric: 7/10 me: 8/10 eric's commentary before: "dude, i can't believe you've never seen this... i'm going to stop being your friend if you don't absolutely love it... and i can say that, because i know you will!" eric's commentary after, (jokingly) "dude, i don't know if i'm ever again watching a disney movie with you that you haven't already seen before." my first time ever review of aladdin... "party!" =)  so yeah, it was fun.... and that's my day... clothes, math, and movies... duuude.... more in a little... first to do some organizing of the mess that is my room right now =P