I came across this beautiful essay by Chris Andrews on the Matthew Good blog site, and I think it is very instructive in opposing war with an open mind, and being the peace you want to see in the world.  Here is the essay on  urlLink Common Dreams :   How I Will Stop The War by Chris Andrews, written in March 2003   I wrote this last year before the war started, but somehow it seems more relevant now, people are more open to this type of thought. There's an awful lot of rhetoric and analysis out there, and I still think (like then) that people need to know what to do, themselves, at this moment. And something that reflects some different thinking, approaches. And unless "our side" proposes new ways to think and do, beyond countering the "evil right", I think the average person will stay in their comfort zone. Hope you agree, I wrote it to inspire people. I am convinced if people did this when I wrote this, we'd all be better off today. Not saying that from a place of ego, just from a place of truth, and what other people have told me.    I will limit the amount of war coverage I watch on TV to 10 minutes per day. Because I know that watching something too closely makes you lose perspective. Because the economic benefits of war will be lessened by watching TV less. Because I have more important things to do, like read, think, reflect, discuss. And newspapers ain't bad! Because I want to make a statement that I determine when and how I spend my time.  I will listen to every viewpoint, no matter how outrageous or destructive that viewpoint seems. Because I need to understand outrageous and destructive viewpoints to make change. Because then I can use new and innovative methods to defeat old destructive ways of thinking. Because I can understand different people's motivations, so I help find new motivations to replace old ones. Because our world has become too divided and segmented, and someone needs to think differently.  I will study new research and information on people, cultures, psychology, and groups. So I can choose which viewpoint I want, and not just be the result of what I have been taught in the past. So I can enlighten other people on ways to think and act, and these people may be "from the other side." So I can have conversations at a very high level, with people who know that change is good and possible. So I can truly understand the truth behind what is causing conflict in the world.  I will believe that anything is possible today. Because war and total destruction are possible if I do not act and do something. Because peace and prosperity are possible if I do something. Because I know that it is always darkest before the dawn, and I want to see the dawn.  Dawn is beautiful. Because it is true, anything is possible. I will not forget this.  I will not let anyone stereotype me because of my thinking, nor will I stereotype anyone else. Because I know I can be patriotic and still want to have peace. Because using stereotypes is outdated, useless thinking. Because I know that the opponent always tries to "put you in a box." Now the opponent can't do that. Because then I will see things for what they are, and experience people for who they are. I will make as many friends as I can outside the United States. Because I know that this will be a good experience for them and for me. Because the United States is ethnocentric, and I need to do something personally to break out of that. Because I want to understand their viewpoints and cultures so we can really have a global village. Because that is what life is all about isn't it? Growth, dialogue, passion, freedom. And more!  I will support the arts. Because expression is very important to our culture at this moment in history. Because America under appreciates and undervalues the arts. Because the arts teach, provoke thought, gather people together, and they heal. Because I know that there is more to life than making something faster, better, cheaper.  I will create peace around me. But I will also not be scared to have passionate discussions. Because I know my friends and family will appreciate that. Because I can't expect others to do what I can't do. Because I know that rigorous discussion and exchange of ideas is something needed in our society. Because I am my own venn diagram, and I want my venn diagram to be peaceful and passionate.  I will believe that there really is something called "the truth." Because I know that today it is fashionable to hide the truth, and that causes problems. Because then I can help other people understand how and why to seek truth. Because I know that understanding and accepting the truth is at the root of resolving conflict. Because the truth heals, if people have a context for understanding the truth.  I know this.  I will understand the economics of war. So I can understand better how I unknowingly contribute to the war. So I can take a serious look at my own lifestyle, and see specifically where my consumerism is fueling this war. So I can sit across the table from anyone, and debate this topic from an educated viewpoint. So I can help to be part of the solution.  I will take a serious look at my own tactics for stopping the war, and question them. Because I do not want to repeat old methods that never worked. Because I think that the more creativity I have, the better I will help to solve problems. Because my own contribution can be different than others. Because I know that we have to find new strategies and methods for making real change.  I will understand history better by talking to older people, reading, and discussing historical topics. Because I know deep down that this whole war needs to be looked at in a broader context. Because I do not want to contribute to history repeating itself, the destructive side of history. Because I have nothing to lose and everything to gain by understanding history. Because I know that this war is rooted in previous wars and aftermaths, and I want to understand this.  I will spend more time with people of other cultures, near to where I live. Because I know that "but I treat everyone equally" is no longer enough. Because I know racism is institutional, and I do not want to contribute to it. Because I want to form my own opinions about people, thank you very much. Because it will be enriching in my own life to experience more people of different cultures.  I will spend at least 5 minutes per day in silence. Because I know that this is important for people, while there is so much turmoil. Because I know ideas will come to me about my own life. Because I know that no one ever got hurt by spending 5 minutes in silence. Because this will make me more focused and able to stop the war.  I will take a chance and send what I wrote here out to lots of people through the Internet. Because I know that at least it will make people think. Because I know that it is important to express thoughts. Because I know that I wrote this in a manner that is supposed to cross "party lines." Because I also want others to take a chance, and email this to their friends - as well as foes.  I will practice what I preach. Not because of anything. It's just the right thing to do.  Chris Andrews ( urlLink chris@ChrisAndrews.com ) lives in California and  urlLink knows about the effects of war .