I went to Chicago last night, and I have to say that it was fabulous.  I was amazed at the level of talent those students.  They were primarily sophomores and juniors in college, and this was practically a Broadway level show.  I was particularly impressed by "We Both Reached For the Gun."  The girl playing Roxie Hart was extremely convincing as the puppet.    Today has been a very long day.  I had to go into work an hour early for a staff meeting.  I was planning on leaving an hour early to make up for it, but that didn't happen.  Plus, I had an event tonight, which meant that my day was only half over.  I'm had a "Karaoke and Mocktails" night that had a really good turnout.  At first, there were only a few people there.  However, throughout the evening, I ended up with almost 40 people in and out, and everyone had a really great time.  I even got one student who doesn't really participate in much of anything to not only show up, but sing.  Go me!  Now I'm totally wired, and I feel like going out to do something, but... no one is around.  I would be tempted to just go out for a walk, if it weren't for the fact that I now live in a not so great portion of Utica.  Oh well.  I'll live.  Other random things to tell you all:   ~I hung a clock in my bathroom the other day.  Just a normal wall clock.  That thing has the loudest tick I have ever heard.  I can literally hear it clicking throughout my entire apartment.  Last night, when I was trying to go to sleep, I was in my bedroom (as far from my bathroom as you can get in my apartment) and I had to turn on music to drown out the ticking to get to sleep.  ~Sometimes, people just need encouragement.  There is a student at my new job that every staff member has warned me about.  This student has apparently been a problem child for quite a while now.  However, I've been really trying hard to give this person a chance, and ... it seems to be working.  Now granted, it's only been three weeks, but I've noticed that when this person is treated like that--a person--the reaction is absolutely a 180 from when this person is treated the way everyone else seems to.  Amazing how that can work, isn't it?  ~Two guys singing "What a Girl Wants" is just far too frightening for words.  Please don't let this happen to you.