So much has happened I don't know where to start... I'll try the beginning...  So last week was full of the build up to JYF; the nerves, the excitement, and most importantly of all, planning outfits. Until Thursday, when Birmingham sent me a letter telling me they didn't want me on their course. As I sit watching my life going down the drain while simultaneously holding an MSN conversation with the JYF committee, the novelty of the whole affair began to wear off. But eventually Friday came round and by 6pm I was bouncing around in the car, desperate to get to Bournville. I arrived at roughly 6.15 to discover that only Edd and Lailah had arrived, and that Rich and Em were at the supermarket. Caught Edd looking at me in my fabby outfit, but didn't mention it to anyone- got that little glow inside that makes me somehow taller and gives me that "Woohoo! I'm great" sensation. Rich eventually arrived and immediately told me I looked wonderful and gave me a hug, kissed me, touched me... it was wonderful. I felt fantastic; this guy that I like, he liked me back... And it carried on: the whole of Friday was spent with him, culminating in Epilogue, when, snuggled up in our sleeping bags, things started to get really naughty. Of course, after a little bit of naughtiness in the dark, as soon as the lights went back on and the candles were blown out, he rolled over, stole my pillow and went to sleep. As you can imagine, I was somewhat put out, and so went over to Matt. Matt's wonderful; I just want to cuddle him all day long. I miss him so much, I just wanna see him all the time...  Friday night wore on, and as Matt and I snuggled and Richard slept soundly, I finally relaxed and got over the fact that, once again, I'd been stupid enough to fall for him when there was absolutely no chance of us ever having what passes for a relationship. I had a fab time talking to Edd, Ed, Matt and Lailah about the most random things, which is one of the reasons I go to JYF. It's the perfect excuse to just talk shit for 2 days; no one judges you, no one calls you stupid or gives you funny looks, they just laugh along with you and give you a hug. So Friday night passed into Saturday and Richard woke up. And, as expected, he acted like nothing had happened and decided that he fancied Em. Of course, she was fucking lapping it up, hanging off him like a sick puppy, boobs in his face and skirt slowly riding up her legs. But Matt was there, and he held my hand and gave me hugs and leant on me in the cinema and kissed me and most importantly of all, he made me smile.  Saturday evening arrived, and Kat left the meeting house for a party. On the way out she got hit by a car and, unknown to us, was rushed to hospital. Of course as soon as I found out I was devastated- and Rich was the nearest person. So he hugged me, and kissed me, and I thought "maybe I've got him back"... of course not. After 5 minutes he complained I was squashing him and went "for a walk". Towards Em, who was also "devastated" because she'd been outside and seen the accident and not realised it was Kat. She's got some illusion that Kat actually likes her, just cos once she had sex with her. In actual fact, Kat finds her immensely annoying, self-centred and slutty: just like I do.  Matt and I slept most of Saturday night. My slumber was only interrupted by ridiculously loud snoring from Ex boyfriend No.1, Edd. I didn't know where Rich was and I didn't care, because Matt was there. And he was snuggling me and it was warm and fun. So I awoke on Sunday morning to the sound of Christmas songs, and he put his arm around me and we discussed the merits of each song that came on, before finally getting up for breakfast, packing away and a long goodbye before he had to leave before meeting to catch his train. As soon as he'd left I missed him- I just wanted him there like he was, all snuggly and smily. As I wrote on his Rosy Glow, he made my weekend, just by making everything seem fun again even though Rich was being a twat as usual. And of course, the comments on my figure from everyone around me helped quite a bit. A classic came from Sam: "You're looking very aerodynamic, Jess". And this is why I love JYF! Sean was also highly cuddly during the weekend, and told me I looked good too, as well as Kris, who, since I last saw him (when I had a huge crush on him) has turned fucking  g o r g e o u s: tall, dark, glasses, spiky hair, intelligent... Mmmm! Yet, here I am, falling for the stocky, scarred blonde with a fixation with my sister. So overall, when you balance it out, although Kat had an accident and Rich screwed me around, the weekend was fabbity- I took every opportunity to take the piss out of Em's sexual habits, as did Matt B, another new friend :o).   As soon as I got in the car when my mum came to pick me up, I missed everyone and everything about JYF. It's like it's the real me that's there, totally relaxed and happy. So Sunday night was spent in a haze of memories and an aching in my belly, part for people and part due to my period, which evilly arrived on Sunday morning. Last night I went to work and barely spoke a word- I didn't feel like talking to anyone because I just wanted to go to JYF and give someone, anyone, a hug and a kiss and talk crap for 4 hours, rather than stacking box after box of belgian chocolates in a cold shop. Today was OK, I'm still thinking about it but not missing everyone so much due to the realisation that e-mails exist. It's like a big drug trip that takes days to come down from, but somehow the comedown is almost as good as the trip itself.  I'd e-mailed Birmingham back on Thursday, asking them if they could give me more details about why they didn't want me, and that I didn't want the alternative course they'd offered me (Eng Lang with German, including a year abroad- FEAR). This is what I got:  English/MCS is extremely competative and we look for an interest in, and an awareness of, isues related to Media, Cultural Studies in the Personal Statement on the UCAS form.  This was not the case with your application.  I am afraid that is is not possible to study English Language as a Single Honours degree.  Thanks a fucking bunch! If you're going to reject me you could at least get the grammar and spelling right. And I know I'm only picking on that in a desperate attempt to regain some dignity from this horrible affair, but for God's sake, it was my first choice and I'm breaking up (or down?) inside. My first rejection. I... I don't know. I just don't know.  Ceff x