Jonathan ships out tomorrow... but he goes to Raleigh today and I won't see him again for what's looking like 14 months (2 months of boot camp + 1 year of school) before he gets a real break.  Everytime I think of it, I get choked up.  I'm going to be the only one left here.  Caitlin is going off to NCSU and, even though I haven't really really talked to him since last summer, James is going to NCCU and where am I going?!?!  NO PLACE!!!!  Jonathan will be in Illinois for bootcamp and then he'll be in South Carolina for school... he won't even be permanently in state... most likely ... he'll never be here again... and I'll go completely out of my mind... I know he realizes that he means this much to me, he knows how I feel and I know that I have no influence on whether or not he leaves.. I'm going to miss him more than he understands though, I'm sure... I'm going to miss him so badly.  He's the only one that's come to understand me, he knows how to react when I get mad, when to hold me when I'm upset.  He knows how I sleep and how I eat and it drives me crazy that someone that knows me so well is going so far away.  I also know that it's selfish to believe that he's not worried about it either, though he's worried because everything he knows is about to change.  Nothing in his life will ever be the same... and I guess it's the same with my life, except my surroundings won't change and my family will still be here... but I'm whining and it's time for church, the last time I'll see Jonathan in forever... :'( Write more after church... if I can get on (Dad's supposed to get on the computer so there's no telling)  [edit]well, go figure I did get a chance to go on the internet. I found out that I am checking both of Jonathan's e-mail accounts... which should be mildly interesting... he'll get e-mail at the older one and not the other, which means I'll have something to read, maybe.  I'll print off his e-mails (if he gets any) and send them to him in the mail... Maybe I'll ask before sending his e-mails to him, but I'm still going to print them off and you best believe that I'm still going to read them.  But anyways, after church, I bawled my eyes out and Jonathan called me at 2:30 which didn't help because when I got off the phone with him I cried again... but he told me a correction on his e-mail address, and then he was pretty quick to get off the phone.. but I managed to ask him about the Tarheel shirt of his.. that he said he was going to give me.  Apparently, before he left to go to Raleigh (he'll be there now for sure) he put the shirt on the hood of the van, but he didn't come in the house, he didn't say bye.  I can't say I blame him, I would have started crying for sure and I wouldn't want to run the risk of his family seeing me cry or worse him crying or even worse than that, him crying in front of his family with me.  YOUCH.  VBS starts tonight at 6:30 so I better get myself something to eat, since I'm getting a migraine... Much love, more details later =) [/edit]