I received this from someone concerned about our inclusion of pro palestinian position at the peace rally.  I include their email and my response.  What do you think?  Do you think I am off base?  Would you have stated it differently?  (looking forward to our rally Sat.  Remember poster making tonight 7:00 at the center.  We have received a lot of interest from people all over the county ( not just you usual protest goers)  For example the Germantown Democratic Club.  Deb Gibson has been great at reaching out to new groups.  Good Job Deb.  )  Email from Concerned Citizen....  I would be glad to discuss the merits of your position with you at any time. I would point out that the Jewish side to this issue has accepted a 2 state solution sice the Pell Report in the 1930's. That solution has been available to the Arabs side for about 70 years. As a life-long liberal, I have been dismayed at the romance of members of the Left with the Palestinians. The speakers listed on your program certainly would seem to represent only one side's viewpoint. But that is not the issue here.      My concern is the mixing of this with an anti-Iraq war rally. Why mix the two? They are two very separate issues at their core. There are plenty of anti-Bush, pro-Israel people out there. Heck, I am an ardent supportor of Israel and I think Bush's policies in the Arab-Israeli conflict (and just about everything else) have been a disaster from day one. But you sure have me upset aboout this rally. And by giving voice to the idea, expressed by many on the Palestinian side, that somehow the supposed aggression of the Israelis gives some credence to the actions of Hamas or Hezbollah or OBL & his crew, you partially legitimize or rationalize horrific acts and a strategy that has only brought misery & poverty to the Palestinian Arabs. Can't anybody read Gandhi over there?   My Response:  I think this is an excellent topic for discussion.   (maybe we can arrange for it in the near future.  the ignorance in the US about the range of views within the Israeli peace movement and the general population in Israel is a major obstacle to overcome-  for both those within the US peace movement and within the jewish community in America)  I really understand your anger on this issue.  The collection of activists that make of the Midsouth peace and justice center are(*see below)  utterly opposed to those within the peace movement (like ANSWER) that we feel are not sufficiently anti Palestinian violence and totally Anti the state of Israel.  They mistakenly embrace anything that is anti US empire as their friend. There is no one locally that reflects this reactionary wing of the peace movement.  *I can't use the singular verb because we are truly quite diverse.  But this is why it is important to raise and not ignore the problem of Israel.  we are proposing a radically new foreign policy that places all countries and sub populations on equal footing.  Our country is proposing a world empire with foreign countries serving US interests by suppressing human freedom of their own people.  This has to be opposed in no uncertain terms.  To remain silent is to allow the carnage and oppression to continue and expand.  We stand with the Israeli (and palestinian) peace movements.  We stand with the people that want what all humans want.  We stand against governments that act against the interests of their own people.  We are PRO Israeli and Pro Palestinians as well as pro american.  We refuse to remain silent when political leaders act in ways that harm the interests of their people.  The rally is about a single vision of human equality, freedom and empowerment.  All people whether male, female, gay or straight, jew or Muslim, iraqi or american deserve the same existence.  Our Government is set on dividing us into subgroups and pitting us against each other.  We say the Empire building has both domestic and international ramifications.  So we are equally against the patriot act as well as US support for Israeli settlements on Palestinian land.  We see the Iraqi war as a single act in web of relations that seeks to place the US in control over the world's economic resources.  To ignore the US role in supporting oppression in the middle east (iraq, saudi Arabia, and Israel) is to ignore an important tool for the Creation of the American Empire.  Ghandi would not make distinctions between governments.  All governments must be held to the same standards of justice and peace.   To remain silent in the face of human pain is not an option.  allan  Please let me know if you are interested in helping creating a forum on the range of views around peace within Isreal.