We have seen a lot of deaths in the past few days.  What with all the tragedies and disasters that plagued different countries in the world (the flood and landslide in Surigao and Southern Leyte respectively (Philippines), the chemical explosion in China, the bomb blasts in Israel and Iraq, the attempt to assassinate Pakistan's Pres. Musharaff, the earthquake in Iran).  The fact that all these things happened almost at the same time really scared the hell out of me.  It really made me think and ask, "Is the world coming to an end?".  And, believe me, the thought gave me the creeps and shivers.  But, despite all these things, the hopeful me still rose to the surface.  Yes, all these things happening just before the year ends gives me a light of hope- hope that all these bad things would end as the year 2003 also ends.  I hope and pray that we leave all these bad things with the year that we are about to leave behind and that the  new year  be a better, more meaningful, more prosperous and more peaceful year for all of us.   I really believe that these things happen for a reason (that only God knows) and are telling/teaching us a thing or two about life and death.  Or maybe this is God's way of reminding us that we should never forget Him, that we should pray and talk to Him more often.  Yes, maybe...    And now, even before I could recover from the shock of all the things that have been happening around the world, another tragedy happens.  A very young, good-looking actor, Miko Sotto, accidentally falls from the ninth floor of the building where he lives.  He is proclaimed dead on arrival at the hospital where he was brought to. So sad...   It is true that this may be considered a little thing compared to all the tragedies and disasters I have mentioned, but still when I try to think of the family and friends Miko left behind, this is tragedy beyond compare.  Losing a loved-one is really something that's enough to make someone go nuts! Believe me, I've been through that.  A favorite cousin died five years ago when he accidentally shot himself while playing with a gun.  Why he had that gun and why it was loaded, I still can't understand.  It was one of our family's lowest points.  And, I'd rather not talk about it now for fear of breaking down again.  In time, I might be able to really get down and talk/write about it.  Back to what happened to Miko, I was totally saddened by the sight of those who loved him cry, hug and comfort one another.  It was heart-breaking to see and listen to his mother talk about him.  Honestly, I never really liked Miko.  I mean, I didn't hate him either, it's like he's just one of those movie stars that I just let pass without really noticing.  He's a relatively new face to me.  But, his death really struck me hard.  His death made me think of my own mortality.  He was young and successful, he was good-looking, he had all the money to buy whatever he wanted, he had a happy relationship with his beautiful girlfriend, he was at the peak of his young life.  Sure, he may have had issues and problems (who doesn't?), but he had a good life.  And, all of a sudden,  Death  strikes and takes him away from the good life he lived.    This only proves that whatever or whoever you are,  Death  does not hesitate to stop and take you when He chooses to.  Whether you are young or old, famous or unknown, when  Death  comes upon your door, there's no escape.  You can not ever hide or run away from  Death .   Death  will not be looking for you because you, yourself, will be looking for  Death .  Everything must come to an end because that's life's rule.   Thinking of all these and how Miko died really made me introspect and think about my own life.  How have I lived my life? Should I change my lifestyle, knowing how one day everything will just end and leave me with nothing?  When that day comes, would I gladly welcome it or would I be scared out of my wits?  How will it happen?  God, I don't know the answer to all these questions and I'm not sure I'd like to know either.  Right now, all I could think of is that I will just try to live my life at the present for I will never know what tomorrow has in store for me.  I may die tomorrow, that's very possible...  The thing is that when my time comes, I'd want to feel that I have done my part in the world and that I'd want to feel I'd be leaving the world without remorse or regret.