alright so i'm back from my little outing. went to drop off pishi at oni's and ayeshi at moumi's. hope they're having fun! cuase i'm having the time of my life! its amazing how easy life would be if i was the only child. but then again its kinda boring. no matter how much i may complain that they're annoying, i love those guys. their noisyness, and annoyingness, i miss it soo much. they'll be back soon.  i think dad's picking them up later. i'm not sure wats goin on. anyways, i went to subway! yea! mmmm turkey sub....yummm.....saw gurvi and hussein there. they're so retarted those guys. trying to be so hillarious. they pretended to walk through the church's drive through. I WANNA DO THAT! MOFO!! LETS DO IT!!! hahahahhaa...well anywhos...then we went some other places, dad had some errands to run, then we got home and he needed some help with the car. last summer i helped out a little bit at my dad's friends penzzoil so i'm quite familiar with some ways to care for the engine. like changing the oil, checking the transmission fluid, blah blah blah, so i helped him with that. the chrysler needed some helpage and cleanage and he needed my help. so thats what i did when i got back home. then around 6:30 i came upstairs and sat down for a bit. i was so dizzy. its the heat i tell ye! shoo...i still have a little bit of a headache...gaah! advil! i need some serious advil stat!  kk i got my advil. takes a bit to work...while i wait for it to kick in u can read the lyrics to this song....:  Some people live for the fortune  Some people live just for the fame  Some people live for the power, yeah  Some people live just to play the game  Some people think that the physical things define what’s within  And I been there before but that’s life’s a bore, so full of the superficial   Chorus:  Some people want it all, but I don’t want nothing at all  If it aint you baby, if I aint got you baby  Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything  But everything means nothing if I aint got you, yeah   Some people search for a fountain  The promise is forever young  (You know) Some people need 3 dozen roses  And that’s the only way to prove you love them  Hand me the world on a silver platter  And what good would it be?  With no one to share with no one who truly cares for me   Chorus:  Some people want it all, but I don’t want nothing at all  If it aint you baby, if I aint got you baby  Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything  But everything means nothing if I aint got you, you, you  Some people want it all, but I don’t want nothing at all  If it aint you baby, if I aint got you baby  Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything  But everything means nothing if I aint got you, yeah   If aint got you with me baby, ohh, ooo  Say nothing in this whole wide world don’t mean a thing  If I aint got you with me baby.  -Alicia Keys  GOD that song is amazing! Alicia is my HERO!!! hahahaha! LOVE HER AND THIS SONG! alright well thats it for now. i'm goin out again. take care everyone...  TASH IN later much  CHEERS(B)  P.S. to that MOFO, NO URE AMAZING!  I MISS YOU THE MOSTESTESTESTESTESTESTESTESTESTESTEST!!!! HAHAHA!