i am just having a great week.  i love my classes...and i love my new apartment and my new roommate...and i love this town.  everything just seems to be falling into place...finally.  i'm meeting new people.  i'm hanging out with old friends i haven't seen in forever.  we had a "game night" at our place tonight with 3 old friends from college.  one of my old math profs was going to come too but ended up not being able to come at the last minute.  it was A LOT of fun though.  i also learned that one of my old college friends is going to be a father come july.  i'm really excited for him!  i've finally found some good people to hang out with.  i also made a friend the other morning when my car was plowed in, and i've met a few people in the apartment.  there's also the new math teacher, who is my age, and a new math student teacher that's working next door and he seems super nice and he's pretty cute too ;)  he was flirting with me today, that felt good.  he also told my mentor teacher that he was next door to one of the nicest people.  so things are looking up.  i'm contemplating whether i should go and clean up the pumpkins at the house or not.  after them stealing my utensils and hat, not washing my dishes, continuously lying to me, and not returning any of my efforts, i'm thinking maybe our friendships are completely over and that i'm not obligated to do anything for them since they obviously won't do anything for me and they are treating me like crap.  i was going to go this weekend and clean up the pumpkins and get my bikes but i'm thinking maybe i'll wait a little while.  i don't really want to go back there anytime soon.  i'm just so incredibly happy to be out of there.  i'm so lucky that there are good people in the world and i happen to know a few of them and that they are watching out for me.  anyway, it's bedtime for me.  i'm exhausted...all of this moving and shopping and playing has worn me out.  it's funny because all of my coworkers and students keep saying "wow!  we're not used to you being so happy!"  i really do have a social life now and i don't feel friendless anymore.  i think i'm almost whole again.