ADJECTIVES    There are two types of adjectives: descriptive and limiting.   Descriptive adjectives  are additional things that tell what kind, what color, or what size a person, place, or thing is.The following are suffixes that signal descriptive adjectives: -able, -an, -ant, -ate, -en, -ic, -ish, -less, -ly, -some, -ful, -al, -ar, -ed, -ent, -ing, -ive, -like, -ous, -ary, -y  A  limiting adjective  tells us which one or how many. It is normally the basic part of the sentence pattern that is used unconsciously by the speaker or writer.  Adjectives have  3 degrees of comparison:   positive, comparative,  and  superlative . In using adjectives in comparison, do not add more or most ones that end with –er or –est.  Wrong: Hermione is more humbler than Harry.  Right: Hermione is humbler than Harry. Hermione is more humble than Harry.  Note: Some adjectives remain the same because of their meanings (e.g., outstanding, tasteless, principal, underwater). Noun adjuncts such as nuclear, capsule, and nitrogen do not change in form either.   Adjectives in a series  -when used in sentences or paragraphs should come in correct order to achieve sentence coherence. They should come in the following order:   Noun Determiner -articles, possessives, demonstratives, prenomialsarticles—a, an, the possessives—our, my, your, her, his, its, theirdemonstratives—this, that, these,those pronomials—-indefinite pronominal adjectives: any, all, another, both, few, many, several, some, such-distributive pronominal adjectives: each, every, either, neither-interrogative pronominal adjectives: which, what, whose   Numeral Adjectives : ordinals or cardinals -ordinal adjectives such as five, two, etc. -cardinal adjectives such as first, second, etc.  Quality or characteristic -intelligent, durable, etc.  Size or shape -square, large, etc.  Color —red, brown, etc.  Noun adjunct or noun modifier —narra tree, physics teacher, etc.  (  Source: Robles, Elisa and Cecilia Corsino. Teacher’s Guide: English This Way 6. Quezon Avenue, Quezon City: Phoenix Publishing House, Inc., 1999  .) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .