Soo today was a good day as well...hahah i suppose everyday has been for me since i became a BF! hahah...happy dayss matee...haha =) well today we got up late and yeah we shouldnt have we were meant to be at breakie at 7??? yeah we lot got up at 10...soo we had to find an excuse...the excuse was...daren! yesss daren soo obviously we got away..anything to do with daren the coachs close an eye too...soo well today zacs off for his interview so its jus me and daren who supposedly injured his groin very badly....soo he couldnt walk....and yeahh that was our excuse...didnt really work...but heyy we  tried veryyy hard...  Soo then we just went for training hahha...and yess trained for toooo long and now i;am sore in all the places i do not wish to mention...rugby is a tough game..=) very tough in deed but nothing in life comes easy does it....well expect the perfect gurlfriend...hahah coz that was jus GODSENt...=) trulyyy godsent! =) i said that twice looks like i really mean it then! haha =) anyways this weekend we head off to the village and hours drive away...too teach the kids RIPPPAAA RUGBY! greattttttttt! i loveee kidss soo yeahh its gonna be great no clubbin which meanss daren is not gettin pissed...which is bascially the greatest thing to ever occur!  Well we are leavin soon too meet up with my man zac after his interview fingers crossed things gooo PURFEcT! ...=) i want both my boys in the team with me we are DYNAMIC the three of uss...AWESOME! sooo yes! and yeahh well today i had to write a creative piece for english i wrote about my gurlfriend...well the stimulus was a perfect being...soo yeah!..jeaan! hahah well she isnt perfect i suppose..but to me she is...and thats what matters..i emailed to my teacher today soo i hope i get an A! hahaha =) i thought it was prettay damee good...hahah MARCUS BE MODEST!!!  One thing i hate about gurls are their eating habits...i dont understandd att all...but i;am not gonna try...i have and never succeeded...soo yeahh it even starts with my mum her dieting ewww whattt a turn off...my dad still finds her sexy soo whats the problem! =) nvmmmm i shall not venture to enter that subject evaaa again..hahaha noo point tryin coz there are things guys doo that ladies dont get soo yeah! =) its a twoo way thing i suppose! anyway..its going to be five days since an angel fell on my head...god must really like me! whaooo modest me!! ONe thing i have realised...its good to be attached...ur focused suddenly goals seem alot more attainable you feel loved alllllllllllllllllllll the time its an amzazinggggggggggg feeelin by far tghe best thing that has happened to me...and i'am happy...very happy...days seem longer but more enjoyable...the stars shine brighter....my smiles alot wider...and my hair seems to stay put longer....but shirts seem to smell alot better my homework seems to be done alot faster..my internet usage had risen alot higher...my parents are happier than eva,......and yeahh....all this comes around with jus one special...wonderful person...jean....shes my friend...my companion...my lover..my crush......my lustful feelingss...my love..  I Love You Marcus