Been a lot of posts around about the war over the last couple of days and I've been biting my tongue a bit.    At the time of the war I suppose I was on the fence, but since then I've become more and more uneasy about it.  Not because of a general "war is bad" approach but because it feels like we have joined the side of an aggressive state.  There are several reasons for my unease.  I don't think the war was necessary and I don't think all other avenues of diplomacy were investigated.  I certainly don't think that either the terrorist or weapons of mass destruction arguments were sufficient (remember, that's what we were told we were going for).  And the I'm glad Saddam's gone argument doesn't convince me either.  I mean yes he's gone but hasn't that just created a vacuum for more problems.  Americas not likely to risk elections that lead to an elected fundamentalist group are they?  So what are the alternatives,  probably a western sponsored regime (which lets not forget, is how Bin Laden and Hussain both started out) is that what the people of Iraq will want (that's a genuine question- I mean, I don't know.)   I also can't get away from the suspicion that this war was largely fought for less than noble reasons, oil, rebuilding contracts, blind anger.  We seem to have got involved in something that is purely about self interest.  Now that in its self is nothing new but to hear it clouded in the language of religious and moral crusade is very worrying to me.  I haven't yet seen (admittedly I'm not there) much evidence of the promised aid and rebuilding packages that were spoken so much about at the beginning of the war.  The cynic in me wonders if this is going to happen at all, and how much of it will get to the people that need it.  I am also anxious about wider concerns, like the way prisoners are being kept in Guantanamo without being charged and the rumours of torture and co-coersion going on there.  Like the links between this little adventure and other American links in the middle east such as the whole Israel and Palestine thing.  But most of all about the way these unjust wars have been coated in Religious, quasi Christian rhetoric.  We've been damaged by letting that happen in our past and we'll be damaged again.  I admit I don't know the issues that well and this is all very tentative but its why I'm more of a peacer than a busher.  I wrote  a bit about it in August as well, and that is  urlLink here .  Whatever, even with my less than detailed knowledge I can't help thinking that America (and so by connection us their ally) hasn't exactly been a force for world peace, stability and justice over the last few years.  Oh two final things.    The anti-protesters thing really gets me.  Protest is vital in healthy democracy, as vital as voting.  It gives people a voice and allows a legitimate outlet for strong feelings.  I admit, maybe some of the tactics are not so clever, but think about how you act when you're passions are roused.  I'm not asking you to agree with them but stop whinging about them disrupting your day. You'll be grateful when they start protesting about your lost rights.  And voting; maybe people don't vote because threes no visible option for them. I kinda feel that not voting has less to do with apathy (as shown by the number who risk confrontation with the police) and more to do with disenfranchised people.  I've voted in all the major ones I could, but to be honest I'm beginning to wonder why.