I feel like I've spent a lot of time talking about my pending nuptuals in the first two blogs, and I'd like to talk about something else that's bugging the bejesus out of me.  It seems to me that a lot of people (like the majority of America) is all up in arms about the newest fad for weddings.  Of course, I'm talking about the gay marriages that have started in Massachusetts.  According to a www.foxnews.com poll, 54,740 people feel that Mass. is  dead wrong  about their approval of gay marriage, while the 13,000 voters either approved of this (about 5,000 and change) or simply didn't care (5,000 and change as well).  Now the poll conducted at Foxnews.com states that it't nowhere near considering these results as scientific, but judging by the public outcry, I can't imagine that these percentages are terribly skewed out of proportion.   Now before I start ranting and raving, I'd like to point out that I'm a registered Republican.  Yep, I'm a proud member of the Grand Ol' Party (GOP) and I don't plan on switching affiliations anytime soon.  However, I am becoming increasingly disenfranchised with this party and where it is choosing to stand.  I hate taxes.  I hate having the government take money out of my paycheck to provide services that I don't qualify for.  While I do realize that this is a necessary evil in our society, I also accept that if my situation met the right criteria, I know that I could qualify for these services.  But it doesn't mean that I have to like them right now.  Many would say this qualifies me as being fiscally conservative, but all I'm saying is that I'd like to keep the money that I make.  When we approach the sensitive topic of morality in the USA, I feel like so many of our citizens feel that we're going to Hell and never looking back.  They cry out that God is gone from our schools and public offices and that we need to stop being a secular nation.  They feel that by allowing for two homosexuals to actually marry, our family values are futher eroding from under our feet.    While I may be a tad on the stingy side about money, I am thankful on a daily basis that I am not one of these people.  I am even more greatful that there aren't more of these people actually running the country.  Not for nothing people, but American marriage is on the rocks and it will continue to be this way until we can teach our youth how sex is about quality and not quantity, as well as the importance of commitment.    If we're looking at almost 55% of today's marriages ending within 3-5 years, I say that we let gay and lesbian couples get married.  I would give two gay men from New York City higher odds of staying  happily married  for a very long time over the white teenage trash that gets married because the kid knocks up his girlfriend.  Marriage is supposed to be a sacred vow that so many heterosexual couples have thrown to the ground and crapped on, I think it's time that we let someone else show us how it's done.  How can a culture (or sexual preference) possibly try to justify their control over the bond of love when their own people have no idea how to abide by it?  I don't know a lot of gay people, but I was thinking the other day.  For the handful of homosexual people that I know, they have had significantly fewer partners (like 1 or 2) over the past five years than most of my straight friends.  If the commitment is there, then why can't they be officially recognized as being married?  I don't like thinking about two men or two women having sex any more than the next guy, but I don't like thinking about most other couples I know having sex either.    Or maybe these finatics are just afraid of being exposed to this super-sexual lifestyle.  Obviously if you're gay, you like to have sex as often as you can,  and even in public places!   Maybe there is a fear that enough of this exposure will turn other people's wives or daugthers, husbands or sons into homosexuals themselves.  I suppose that I should be thankful that I have millions of bible-loving Christians looking out for my well-being when it comes to homosexuality, but lucky for me, I have the ability to think for myself on this one.    It's situations like this that make me thankful to live in the country that we live in today.  Even if there are laws introduced by Bush (the biggest church puppet short of the pope) or Pat Robertson and his 700 club, our system of checks and balances is good enough to overrule that sort of law within 5 years after it goes into effect.  To all people that are pro-marriage (whether you're gay or not), please know that this guy is cheering for you and your right to be married.