. security / obscurity .  favorite memory of an adult sunday school teacher:  "I think its important for us to remember that ANGER (poignant pause) is one letter away from DANGER."   how i wish i would have raised my hand to say with equal seriousness:  "And lets don't forget, too, then that DANGER is one letter away from (poignant pause of my own) DANCER."   Mmmm.  Serious nods all around.    Seriously, though, I'm locked out of my email account (and that is an excuse and apology to those of you who are waiting for an email from me) because I forgot to change my password.   And on the one hand, I love living in a world where knowing MAGIC WORDS actually beckons an alterante reality (passwords / internet), but on the other hand -- in moments like these i remember that passwords always stand for something more than just SECURITY.   Even in castles where little windows with grates over them in huge oaken doors slid open to hear (or not to hear) a password) -- passwords meant the same thing.  In groups.  Out groups.    Most of the time I am annoyed when I lose my access to the internet -- frustrated if I go a day without an email fix -- aggravated if I can't jot a thought into the blogosphere.  But rarely do I take a moment to recognize that my password stands for privilege.  That indeed all the varieties of obscure numbers and letters that are tied in some mnemonic way to my past and thus to my avatar presence in the www --> should simultaneously remind me that not everyone has such a bother in their world.    Some of you cram a few minutes in at the library.  Some of you leave your connection streaming and open around the clock.  But at least we all have passwords of some kind or another.    In keeping with my new life verse -- I want to recognize amidst my annoyance with I.T. today that -- this annoyance is great wealth.  I want to invite you to, with me, name the privilege that you have of looking at the glowing screen in front you.    And, for our Estados Unidos readership -- Happy Memorial Day -- may our memories of sacrifice move us closer to --  peace~