Life can be pretty amazing if you let it be -- I've just returned from what they used to call a junk to NYC. There's a story behind this which must be told -- I decided to read  The Passion of Artemisia  by Susan Vreeland about 2 years ago. It fictionalizes the bold life of Artemisia Gentileschi, possibly one of the most incredible renaissance artists of her day. Not only was she held in high esteem while she was alive (a feat most artists did not get to accomplish) but she was also brilliant, forthright, a mom, a member of the Insitute of Design of Florence, and did I say, a woman? Anyway, just about the time I finished the book, I noticed an article in the  Washington Post  about an Orazio and Artemisia exhibit that was being held at the Met. I had to go see this. When has there ever been a father-daughter exhibit like this?  It was indeed a fabulous experience. But on the steps of the Met, as we were leaving, we were accosted by a young film-maker who asked us questions about the exhibit and how we felt about the two artists. Fast forward two years later, I get a call from Ellen, the director of this film, who cheerfully reminds me of the exhibit and the quick interview, and asks if she could fly us up to NYC to film us further analyzing some of Artemisia's work and maybe even reenacting one or two of her paintings. I checked my busy schedule, and said yes (in the middle of Weis grocery store where I got the call!)  We had reservations for an 8:30 morning flight, and were planning on spending the night, and returning mid-day the next day. Were it up to me, I would have stayed longer, but my interview buddy, Nina, has babies where I have teenangels, so her schedule is a little different than mine. When the day of departure finally arrived, I got up around 4:30 because I couldn't sleep very well. It was drizzling and rainy outside. I finished packing and changed my outfit 3 times, mainly because I wanted to be comfortable but also a little attractive. My biggest problem was shoes because I wanted to be able to walk comfortably but I knew my sneaks wouldn't go with the outfit.  The drive to Nina's house was not as bad as I thought, but I suppose that's because it was still really early in the day. When I got there, she was actually ready, so we drove back roads to Dulles to catch our flight. Security wasn't as bad as I thought, either. We did have to take our shoes off, which was weird, but a necessary pain. The plane was a 50 seater, and not that full. The ride was actually quite pleasant, and when we landed the torrential downpours that had just started when we got to Dulles had abated. Once we got out of the main terminal at Newark, we were corralled by a limo driver, who quoted a pretty fair price and headed out to Soho, where Ellen was waiting for us.  Her loft is the first I've ever  been in -- it is peppered with folk art: an old flag with 36 stars; an ancient shell quilt; a tree that's been painted over texture; old wire patterns for men's suits; an ancient folding ladder; her dining room chairs are s&m black leather complete with threaded tie lacing up the back of the seats; her bathtubs have clawed feet; and there's daylight everywhere. When we came in we were introduced to Steve, the camera man who worked for Michael Moore during his  TV Nation  days; Melissa, her dearest friend and camera woman, who has schlepped with Ellen from Kentucky to St. Louis, to DC., to Naples, Florence, basically all around the world for this project; Karen, the still photographer; and Jim, the boom man (now I know what that means, he's the one who swings the mike back and forth!). There was also a guy putting the finishing touches on a mannequin's head -- the look of which was definitely Holofernes. So I knew we were going to be involved with Judith somehow.  Then we met the other ladies who had come to participate: Stephanie, from Florence via Chicago, most recently in Burma, Nepal, and other Asian countries, who had met Ellen at Michelangelo Buonnaroti's house, admiring the Gentileschi contributions to a ceiling; Joan, recently retired from Wellesley College's interactive culture program, and now living in Florence, who had met Ellen at the Urbino Gallery; Susan, a shy baroque painter from Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who had also met Ellen at the Met; and finally, Catherine, an amazing artist from Providence, who had met Ellen in Naples. We started chatting, asking each other questions, mainly what the heck got us to this loft, and were filmed by Melissa right away. It wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be to ignore the camera, but I attribute that to the stories I was hearing from these women. Joan is definitely an ultra feminist, but she's probably the oldest of our bunch, and remembers having to fight her way in her business, in her art, in life en toto. Stephanie is such a determined soul, determined to see the world, determined to exert her independence, and determined to participate in whatever comes her way. For example, she started taking pictures when she was in Burma and Nepal and the results are stunning. Susan quietly asserts her vision -- we experienced this more than once when we were reenacting the paintings. It was her eye that guided us to the right movements, lighting, and props. And when she showed us the painting she'd compelted as a gift to a family friend who supported her so much, we were breathless. She had put together a sleeping toddler, with her favorite doll, Will. The toddler is bathed in gold, from her carrot hair to the sunlight that streams across her lashes. Her flushed, round cheeks rest against the very plastic bald head of this doll, whose blue-glass eyes are wide open staring at the viewer. It is a small canvas, but breathtaking. Catherine's smile and flashing eyes belie her seriousness and commitment to the craft. Her contributions to Ellen's process was always quiet but strong, with well-chosen words and gentle conviction. I liked her immediately. Her artwork consists of patterns, and she's just recently gotten over a dry spell, when nothing new would come to her. Amidst these artists, I felt a little out of place, but Ellen brought us all together and allowed us to find our way with each other. Once we were comfortable, the fun started.  We began with three paintings from Artimesia:  the Gold Judith, the Blue Judith,  and the  Judith with the Candle . She also pulled out Caravaggio's Judith for comparison. We spent at least an hour looking at each painting and describing what we thought was going on, which painting was more immediate, which was technically better, which spoke to us, what the symbolism might be (Ellen mentioned an upside down birth at one point, which I guess could be viable, but then sometimes a painting is just a painting...and I feel Artemisia told enough of a story with Judith, Abra, and Holofernes. She really didn't need to add the birth to the story to make it work). We also discussed, at length, whether or not the rape, her father, her relationship with the household, affected the painting of these Judiths. We talked about how her work improved, how her skills were overwhelming, and what odds Artemisia had to overcome in her time to get the credibility and reputation she so deserved. We could not ignore that as a woman, her perspective of Judith slaying Holofernes was much more intense and immediate than Caravaggio's simply because of the experiences her sex forced upon her.  Even technically, her female bodies were naturally more realistic, the emotions she portrayed more viable; in short,  the entire perspective of the painting's story changed because of her gender.  Then we got scripts from which we were to read the story of Judith -- we all took parts; don't ask me why, but I volunteered to be Holofernes. I really wanted to be Judith, but then I realized that no one would want the part of the bad guy. And I like the challenge. I didn't think far enough ahead though, because in all the intensity of the previous discussions, I'd forgotten that we were being filmed. We read the script and when it came to the point when Artemisia tells her story through her painting, we stopped to situate ourselves and reenact the painting. Stephanie got a tiara and a sword, so she could be Judith; Joan became Abra, because of her strength; and I fell upon the settee in a drunken stupor. Then I felt rather than saw Judith and Abra position themselves as per the painting. Finally I contributed my part -- putting my right arm straight up into Abra's neck, and grabbing Judith's wrist with my other arm. My head lolled backwards, and I stared at an unseen point, trying to remember what Holofernes was looking at in his anguish. Susan brought Judith's sword down across my neck, and Judith started pulling up my head in an effort to present my throat properly. That's when I realized that Judith was really supposed to be pushing my head down, not up. Artemisia had been a genius. She understood that if Abra as kneeling on Holofernes' chest, there is no way Holofernes wouldn't be forced to bring his head and shoulders forward, even while prone. This then forced Judith to push his head away from her, NOT towards her. That insight made us all realize how much planning went into each of her paintings, so that they would be realistic.  The first enactment was a success, but by now we were starving, so we helped ourselves to Ellen's feast of Bagels, lox, mediterranean yoghurt, poppy loaf, fruit, and juices. We all relaxed and talked about the Democratic convention. Joan mentioned Theresa Heinz's speech, and again reiterated her strong feelings for how women are constantly suppressed. I looked around the table and had to disagree with her. Here were 7 women, who were not only strong and talented, but also pretty much did what they wanted and were lucky enough to love what they do in their lives. That doesn't sound much like suppression to me, I thought. But everything must be held in its perspective -- Joan's feelings surely come from years of failed attempts or barriers that I, as a younger woman, has never had to face.  We all returned to set up the next portrait, which would be Judith and Abra at the door of the tent, just trying to escape from the camp, with Holofernes' head in a basket. This is another dramatic work -- since Abra is kneeling on the ground, wrapping the head in a cloth, while Judith is standing, sword at the ready, holding her free hand up as if in warning. Both women have just heard a noise, and are looking to the right, off canvas, at something that may cause them to defend themselves. There is a candle under Judith's hand, which casts shadows over their faces. But as we set up the painting, with the candle burning, we realized that the shadows were really coming from another light source. And, since Artemisia was so detail oriented, we knew that this was an intentional addition to the painting. We concluded that perhaps the tent flap is open, and the torches outside the doorway are giving off the light that sets the shadows. We also saw how Artimesia posed Judith in such a way as to allow herself to protect Abra, who has the head which is the token of the Israelites future victory.  Around 2 PM we were exhausted and pretty much finished with our assignments. Melissa came around with the camera and asked us all to quickly retell how we became involved with this project. Then we took some still shots with Ellen, who was telling us her James Bond St. Louis story. It was at this point that I found out that Melissa is best friends with the choreographer of CATS, so of course I had to get her email address for Katie.  Nina and I left around 2:30 and headed for Macy's because I'd promised Ilana some lipsticks. Once we got to Macy's, we were directed to another store, since Macy's didn't carry this lipstick anymore. Then we headed for FAO Schwartz -- we thought we'd walk it, since the day had brightened up and more importantly we were in NYC!! We stopped at ToysRUs, which wasn't what Ninawas looking for -- then we marched in The American Girl store off Rockefeller Center. Finally, we succumbed to hurting feet, and grabbed a cab to her Aunt's penthouse on 80th street. There we showered and changed and had lamb for dinner, with wine and good company, discussing skiing in Alaska, scuba diving in Alexandria, and trekking in Tibet. We also talked about movies, and music, and a little about politics.  We fell into a comatose sleep before midnight. It was an exhausting if exhilerating day.  We had plans to get up early and get to the Met in the morning because a) I wanted more of the reading postcards, b) I had to go shopping for t shirts, and c) our plane was leaving at 1 so we had to be at the airport so terribly early. The weather was perfect, with the sun shining, and people just waking up to get to their day. We marched up and down around the museum, went to see the Childe Hassam exhibit, mainly because we'd heard the night before that he wasn't as good as everyone said, and then to catch the Artemisia that's still there in their permanent collection. As luck would have it there was also a Caravaggio and DaVinci exhibit. We saw the drafts of the heads of the last supper -- St. Peter is definitely a woman, by the way -- as well as some of Caravaggio's early works. You can see how he influenced the Gentileschis, without question. Then we walked through Hassam's exhibit. What exquisite work. What colors, and beauty. We especially fell in love with a painting of a studio, full of art and flowers and riots of color, and amidst all this a woman with her feet up on a couch, half hidden by the flowers, reading a book. But they didn't have prints of that painting, so I got the geranium one instead. Then I marched to the grocery store while Nina went back to her Aunt's to talk a bit. I got some baked goods, grabbed two sandwiches so we'd have lunch at the airport, and scuttled back to the penthouse where our limo was already waiting. The flight back to DC was uneventful, and when we landed we were back in our hot summer clime.  I don't know why experiences like this seem to go by so quickly. I'd like to keep my connections to these people -- if only to have a new dimension to my life, and that of my children.  But aren't I a lucky duck to have had the opportunity to ride that elephant???