How many people begin a blog in the hope that one day, they might be well read? Is it another exercise in futility? The strangest thing is that I don't believe that I have viewed anyone else's blog before deciding to begin one of my own. Who knows, maybe in all those searches on the net I have seen them and never known it.  And you know, I would like to share a link to my MSN profile, but I don't want to see all that garbage that follows an address. SO, look for me under the same nick in MSN people. Or heck, drop me a line and find out.     What's the purpose in posting when I have nothing real to say? My life, my woes? I can't say that I even rant anymore...thanks to anti-depressants. That could be a rant. How many of us are on them?         I always believed that I could conquer anything if I only set my mind to it. However, the past eight months have shown me otherwise. You can never know that you really have a problem until the problem is gone. What does it mean - generalized anxiety disorder? Oh, I know all the definitions, I own a copy of the DSM and work in a library.         On the whole, my life is better. I don't worry nearly as much as I used to. And let me tell you, I worried a lot. I could spend hours jotting down rants into my little spiral bound notebooks about anything at all. And I never did anything about it. Any of it. I'd rather have sat and let it fester and put on the closest woe is me CD.         Is it over? Nah, the difference is that I don't develop ulcers over it. With the worry out of the way, I can take care of some things without too much to-do. I guess that I still feel like I have put a band-aid over top of a leaky faucet. Welcome to the century of the quick fix presciption and life long addiction folks.         There is so much going on anymore. Why can't we simplify? Has anyone read Starhawk's  The Fifth Sacred Thing ? Ah, despite all the adversity the protagonists suffer, the simplicity of living portrayed is one I believe we all might want. (holds glass up) Here's to simplicity! Cheers.