In a day and a half I've pretty much exhausted all the sights to see in Phnom Penh.  This morning and picked up my Visa from the Vietnam embassy.  Looks like stuff got taken care of well enough.  I then went to check out the national museum.  This was actually better then I expected.  They had it set up well and plenty of statues and carving were on display.  From there I checked out two monuments and then a used bookstore.  I also swung by my neighborhood U.S. embassy just to see what it looked like.  The flag was at half mast, I'm guessing for Regan.  Anyway not much doing there.  I forgot to mention when I went to drop my passport off yesterday I asked the guard at the embassy where should I go to amend my visa.  He looked at my passport and I explained I wanted to enter the country earlier and I need the dates changed.  Being the nice guy that he was he offered to do it for me for $30 and wanted me to leave my passport with him.  Ok I'm smart enough to know I don't know everything but give me a break what kind of dumbass does he take me for?  Anyway I told him to screw himself (actually it was more of a polite no thank you).  Then the price magically went down to $20.  Still too much.  Regardless of the price I'm not leaving my passport with the bozo outside gaurding the place.  They were at lunch at the time and I had to come back but it ended up costing me only $10.  Man I really get sick of people trying to take me for all I'm worth.  I have a feeling when Cambodians look at me they only see dollar signs.  Something similar happened this morning as I was trying to arrange transportation.  The guy spoke English pretty well I'll give him that but he also wanted way too much money ($3).  Anyway I got someone for a buck.  I wonder if Vietnam will be any different, probably not. So I really don't have a lot to do right now.  I'm thinking about hanging out and waiting for happy hours to start.  There really isn't a whole lot to do in the city for tourists.  There are no shopping centers or movie theaters or anywhere to hang out and just chill at.  So I guess that is why I'm here blogging away.   These Cambodian computers are really fickle.  Some stuff works really well and other things are just a mess.  I can't respond to my yahoo e-mail on this computer for some reason but the connection is really good.  I guess it's give and take.   I should be going to the beach tomorrow to relax and chill out.  I think I'll hang out there for 2 nights then come back here and go over to Vietnam.  I can either take a boat or a bus.  Still haven't decided which yet.   I watch "Minority Report" yesterday night.  Good flick but not as good as I remembered it.  None the less it kept me entertained.  I think I'll try to venture out tonight.  There seem to be a lot of older travelers here and not so many people my age.  Or maybe I'm staying in the wrong place or something.  I couldn't resist the urge to buy more postcards.  Maybe I'll write them this afternoon.