I said I'd think about a format, and I have.  Each Friday I'll do the week in review.  This will be a 3-part posting that will include good things I've seen this week, bad things I've seen this week, and amusing things I've seen this week.  Kind of a good, bad, and ugly approach to my last few days.  The Good:  Ken Lay is formally indicted.  I know it's a small comfort to the multitudes who lost so much due to his actions, but justice is still something that just makes me smile.  Now I hope they nail him on every charge possible and not just securities fraud.  The Amazing Race.  Don't ask me why, but I love this show.  It's one of the few shows where I find the actual competition to be more interesting than the people involved in it.  Sure, you still get your Survivor moments, but at least they don't make up 80% of the program.  The Bad:  Model Fear Factor.  How many models can wimp out of ridiculously easy challenges in one night?  Now keep in mind that I'm usually not at home on Monday nights, so this last Monday I was scrambling to find something to watch (no cable).  Fear Factor ended up being it because in the first challenge, all but one of the models just gave up.  They didn't even have to eat anything disgusting at any point in the show (what does that have to do with fear anyway?  I'm not afraid of dead bugs, but that doesn't mean I can eat them and keep them down).  So you get one of the easiest Fear Factors I've ever seen and they still wimp out.  Don't quit your day job.  Ever.    Bush's current campaign strategy.  Does he really think he has a chance to win if he focuses on the war in Iraq, which fewer people support every day, and the economy, which is recovering but most people don't know anything about?  Come on.  The truth of the matter is more people are going to vote for Kerry based on the fact that their obsolete manufacturing job was a casualty of globalization than will vote for Bush due to an economic recovery that they don't understand.  He needs to start focusing on the partial-birth abortion issue and gay marriage.  They may be divisive issues, but the country is so divided right now that no attempt at centrism will gain anything but a negligible amount of votes.  And the majority of Americans are on the conservative side of these issues still.  Make Kerry take a stance on these things and call his voting record out.  The Ugly:  The ridiculously positive response to Edwards.  If I see one more person wetting themselves with excitement because Edwards is so energetic and such a great candidate, I'm going to scream.  He's a lawyer who's made millions by suing companies.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Now I'm not anti-lawyer overall, I just get very amused when a lawyer who is personally responsible for millions of dollars in malpractice awards- and therefore higher malpractice insurance costs- and therefore higher healthcare costs, says he's going to help reduce the cost of healthcare.  Yeah.  You've helped so much already.  That's it for this week.  Back on Monday.