Hmmmm....recaping my life since that last time i updated...   Friday I went to football in the morning, football is always fun so I have nothing else to say about it other then it was fun... Friday during the day I went out shopping with my grandparents again. We went to kohls and I got three shirts and then we went to boscovs and got another shirt.I forgot what I did then but later that night janelle and her mom picked me up and we went to kohls. Her mom had to find a dress for a wedding they were going to on saturday, and we were babysitting janelles 6 month old cousin, so when janelles mom was trying dresses on, me and janelle were walking around kohls with the baby and everyone was giving us dirty looks because they thought the baby was ours! Haha. After kohls we stopped at taco bell and went back to her house. Both her sisters were sleeping elsewhere for the night so it was just janelle me her mom and the baby, her dad was out fishing I think, i forget. It was a very good night, we werent bothered by her sisters and all that and It was just very fun. We went out on her trampoline for like an hour or possibly more and just layed there and looked at the clouds and talked and then we went and sat on her front porch and then we went for a walk. The walk was definitly fun, we talked about what all were gonna do when winter/christmas comes around, god i love winter and christmas.  We also talked about friday nights this fall, were both really excited for football season to start, its gonna be so much fun. Ummm...after all this we just chilled at her house for a bit and i went home around 9:30 or so. Saturday janelle had to go to a wedding for a bit so i had to go out with my gp's once again while janelle was at this wedding. We only went to walmart so it wasnt that bad. We also went to old country buffet to eat, pretty good food there. Janelle and her mom picked me up after there wedding and then we went to her house for like an hour. Then her mom took us to the mall. We shopped for like 2 hours and then saw napoleon dynamite, very very funny movie. We got so much cheap stuff at the mall though, well i only got a belt for 4.97 but janelle bought that for me, its from american eagle and its navy blue/forest green. Janelle got like 4-5 shirts and the most expensive one was $3.99 Every store is having the best sales ive ever seen, its so good. I obviously came home after we were done seeing the movie. Today I went to janelles at 12 and we didnt do much for like 3 hours but sit around and crap and then we ate our big dinner that janelles mom always makes on sunday. Today it was ham/sweet potatos/mashed potatos/corn. After this we went out shopping, we went to walmart and janelle got a bunch of stuff. I got a big mirror for my room beacuse ive been trying to find one, and it was only 6 bucks! So good. After shopping we came back to her house and me and her and her two sisters went swimming for like 2 hours or something. It was very fun. Then we came in and chilled for a while and watched some of scary movie 2 and then me and janelle went on another walk. After the walk we came back and got on the trampoline. My mom then showed up because it was time to go home. I came home and now im here at 12:15. I guess I should go to bed since i gotta get up at 6:30 for football. Thats it for now. PEACE!