Sunday morning bright and early Yuko and Nitanai-Sensei picked me up outside of my apartment and we were off on a days adventure.  I had really been looking forward to this outing because Zao is one of the famous spots in Miyagi and I love spending time with Yuko and Nitanai-Sensei.  2 and half hours later we had arrived at the top of the mountain and it was pouring rain to say the least.  It is the rainy season we were all forced to admit.  We dashed toward the tourist center and now a bit wet we were contemplating our plan of action.  Yuko ran out the back to see if we could see the lake/crater type thing and unfortunately the rain and the fog made it virtually impossible.  Nonetheless, the 3 of us ran back to the lookout spot in the pouring rain, took a couple pictures, and were drenched.  Umbrellas don't help when the rain is coming in sideways.  Just as we were about to dash back, the fog cleared a bit and I could just make out the lake for about a minute.  While it wasn't sparkling blue waters like in the pictures, I was given a slight glimpse of what we had driven quite a ways to see.      We then wandered around the tourist center a bit checking out the omiyage (souvenirs) for sale and attempting to dry off a bit.  We then ran back to the car and began our descent.  It was quite funny because as we set off on the trip back down we all made guesses about what the weather would be like at the bottom.  I said light rain, Yuko said it would be cloudy, and Nitanai sensei said it would be sunny.  As we made our way down, the weather was clearing a bit but we still weren't sure which of us was going to win the guessing game.  When we reached the bottom there was still a slight drizzle but Yuko immediately claimed that we weren't all the way at the bottom.  I just laughed and within ten minutes in one part of the sky the sun was shining through a bit, another part was completely gray and cloudy, and there was still a light rain falling.  So in some ways we were all a bit right!    We then made our way to this pizza shop that is apparently quite famous in the area.  Before we sat down I told Yuko that we had to make a deal and that lunch was going to be my treat.  After a couple minutes of her giving all of these reasons why I shouldn't, I eventually convinced her that I really wanted to pay and she was just going to have to let me.  I knew it was going to be a battle but they have done so much for me that I really wanted to do something and buying lunch was a perfect opportunity.  It was really good and the pizza chef/guy who owns the place gave me a little elephant he had made himself.  They also had me write a message in this little book that all of the foreigners write in.  It was quite neat because as I flipped the pages I saw messages from ALT's all over Miyagi and Northern Japan.  As we were finishing I looked up and in walked Katy with some of her teachers I believe.  I then learned that Yuko had seen her at the top of the mountain but neither she nor I saw each other.  After a brief chat we set off on our return trip.  Another great day made possible by Shiogama boys teachers.