well, it's new year's eve.  we're about to enter the year 2004, which sort of surprises me because my mind still thinks we're in the 90's.  time is a funny thing.  time can drag on and on and make anything seem like an eternity...but at the same time it can speed up so fast that if you blink you miss everything.  right now time is flying by for me.  i think part of that is because i'm on break right now, and i'm really not looking forward to going back to teach bratty high schoolers.  time has also melted together...days are all intertwined and there doesn't appear to be any separation besides the few hours of sleep i get every night.  i want to go back in time and enjoy things i took for granted.  i want to recreate my past.  i'm sick of being haunted by things i can't change...and every day brings another mistake i can't take back.  it's hard to want to go forward when you know that the mountain of mistakes and regrets will keep growing bigger with every day that passes.  i'm not sure i'm ready to start a new year...not that it matters since nothing really changes besides the date.  it's just i'd like to think that i'd be off to a new start...a better start.  i hope this year is better than the last.  i'm worried that it won't be.  the thing is that all of humanity seeks out and waits for milestones to spur us on to great change. we say, "this year will be different because..." and we imagine all of the possibilities, which we convince ourselves to believe.  resolutions are thrown around and everyone asks everyone else what we're going to change about ourselves.  the same question asked at any other time of year would cause us to become defensive of our character, because the question suggests that we aren't good enough being who we are and that we must change to be the "ideal person."  instead we smile, and we come up with something to impress them.  a flipped calendar is our excuse for change, plain and simple.  this year, i won't be changing anything.  there are things, sure, that i should change, or so people tell me, but change isn't really up to me.  i used to believe in my own power to make myself into whatever i wanted to be, but the truth is that every plan i've made has failed, and there's a simple reason for that:  what life has in store for me is too great for me to try and contain with a couple of resolutions.  start exercising, cut back on the excessive spending, eat better, don't waste so much time, read more, be more organized - but those are things we should all do.  that's not life changing, i'm sorry to say.  that kind of change is left to the hands of fate, to time and circumstance, change is controlled by environment and emotion and isn't something we can possibly determine to direct.  there is too much life out there for us to control it.