MORE EURO TRASH  Paris is a big place and very white.  oh, but before I get there, I must say that Billy threw up in the Amsterdam train station bathroom.  and he had to pay to do it no less. More Dutch memories... The Heineken Brewery: There is actually a ride where it similates the life of a beer. Everybody speaks English in Holland.  Mayo on fries is good.  Snickers bars are really good.  Paris.  Yeah, it's big.  I think in Paris we walked around more than any other city.  Just walked and walked and walked.  Out hostel was outside of the city a ways in Clichy.  Oh, getting a room in Paris is a bitch too.  and expensive. Anyway, I was enthralled with the Notre Dame.  I thought it was the coolest thing.  I could feel the Hemmingway aura.  This could be a cool place to live.  There were big arches and old things.  My favorite thing about france though were the ubiquitous cafe/bars.  A cafe in the morning and a bar in the afternoon/evening.  Splendid.  I want to start on here in the states. The highlight of Paris was probably going up the effiel tower in the afternoon and then watching the stars come out.  I put the mack down on this chick that was scoping me out up there....Well, actually how the story goes is that I wanted to make out with a babe at the top of the tower so I stalked this girl around the observation deck and never said a word to her.  I'm smooth.  That was the story of the trip for me, um, until the end when i visited the brew fairy. I didn't really want to eat much in Paris.  Every thing cost too much.  We ate lots of bread and cheese.  Which was fine by me. Not much in France stands out.  It was probably the least exciting time on the trip.  Looking at stuff was cool.  We ran through the Louvre.  Which is kind of like taking a quick tour of the Pentegon.  That place is huge.  We were still in our museum phase.  All that gets old quickly though. We ate at McDonald's in Paris.  I had a Royale with Cheese and Le Big Mac (we ate there twice). The whore situation was worse in Paris than in Amsterdam.  There's this whole section of town full of them, all over the place.  We stayed in Paris three or four days.  I didn't meet Amelie.  Too bad.  We would have made out.  I remember that the beer at our hostel was hella cheap.  It made me not want to go out.  The hostel lifestyle is grand.  You meet cool people, learn cool things.  Or in Billy's case, frighten lonely travelers. Billy and I and some other guy traveling by himself from Florida were sharing a room.  We invited our roommate to come down and drink but he said he had to write in his journal.  That's the kind of person we're dealing with here.  This guy also snored like none other.  In the middle of the night Billy shook the guy.  The guy freaked out.  Billy said "Hey, man. You're snoring."  We went back to bed.  The guy was gone in the morning.  Must have been scared to death.  That'll teach him not to snore. Many times the rooms are mixed male/female.  This makes for interesting times.  Um, all I'll say is that I slept clothed, other people did not. At the end of our 4 days we were ready to leave.