When I'm not writing I think of lots of things to say.  I've written whole stories in my head, but now I'm blank.  This is my day off.  When I agreed to finish the year for another teacher, I didn't really want to teach full time.  There are a lot of reasons, one of which is I'm basically lazy.  But the legitimate reasons have to do with my family and my health.  I have a 3 year old who I really like keeping at home.  He's such a home body that he doesn't like to go anywhere.  I never had that option, except in the summer, with the other children, so I fight for time home whenever I can.  Another reason is my health.  I have some kind of autoimmune disease.  I've been to 4 different specialists and they can't seem to agree on anything.  I have constant back pain, sciatica, restless legs, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, acid reflux, and an asortment of aches and pains that come and go as they please.  I've taken a ton of meds.  Pain killers don't do much, maybe it's because the pain is so bad it would take too much to help it.  I don't like to be a whiner.  I really try to be as positive and upbeat as I can, but sometimes I just want to cry.  That explains the antidepressants I also have to take.  My dr. has been helpful, but she is just as baffled as I am.  Sometimes I really do think it's all in my head, but she assures me that it isn't.  That's kind of a twist, usually you hear about drs. who think you are making everything up, but mine believes me, she just doesn't know how to help me.  We keep things like blood pressure and cholesterol under control with meds, but I still wonder if there is something we just haven't figured out yet.  A few weeks ago I had a terrible kidney infection.  We treated it with strong anitbiotics, but as the infection got better, I felt worse.  It turns out I have a kidney stone.  It's lodged in the kidney, but could move out at any time.  I will have it checked again in a couple of months.  If it gets any bigger, I could have a hard time passing it.  AS of today, I feel pretty good, but my back is nagging, my ankles hurt if I stand too long, and I have cramps.  That is actually a normal day for me.  I don't remember what it is like to not be in constant pain.  So, you can see why I like having a day off once in a while.  I do enjoy teaching, though.  I am looking forward to next fall.  I'm hoping to have my own class again and I'm looking ahead to lessons plans, etc.  I want middle school, but may end up staying in second grade.  Either way I am excited.