Princess Katie loved water when she was little. Front yard water? Loved it! Pool water? Loved it! Mud puddle water? Loved it! Bathtub water? Loved it! I even caught her dipping a glass into the toilet, taking the glass to Bobby, who thought it came from the cooler, and I barely stopped him from drinking it! Little Katie sunshine still loves water! At 12 years old, she will still take her fashion dolls into the shower and sit in the bottom of it playing until the waterheater runs out. "It's like playing in the rain, mom!" She loves to try to take Gracie into the shower or the tub with her and Gracie hates it!        Why is it that the same child who sambas in the rain, skips through puddles, shimmies through the sprinklers and can swim the Englis Channel suddently becomes "'llergic" to water the minute the faucet is turned on in the tub?         From the time Bobby and Katie were little, we had problems with bathtime. Bobby, the Ninja Turtle lover hated bathtime. No amount of coaxing, no pretty little soap crayons, no growing sponges would make it easier for him. He hated it and that was it! Katie was so different! Katie loved it all---the pretty soaps, the loofah, the sponges, the moisturizers in mommy's bathroom. She had to try it all. When she was small, I usually let her take one bath by herself in the morning---yes, I watched her, it was just really a morning ritual play time. Then, at the end of the day, she took a bath that included the soap, shampoo and baby lotion and powder. Just like mommy. That lasted quite a while, until the Prince got the water bill. He told me that Katie had to be dirty at least part of the day, or she had to bathe at the neighbor's house. Or I had to bathe at the neighbor's house.Today, she still likes to take two baths a day.        It isn't that Gracie likes being dirty. It isn't even that she hates baths.  Still, being the youngest child of five, she takes the brunt of their teasing.  In the pool, in the front yard, Gracie can be sitting there minding her own business, and Joey will come flying in like a buzzard and splash water all in her face!  If she takes a bath with Joey and Kenny, inevitably, in her babyfairy mind, they're trying to kill her! They get her hair wet, and put that burning stuff on it trying to take out her eyes! If she is "helping" mommy water the front yard plants, someone runs to tell on her and she gets in trouble...To her, there just is nothing good about water!          Gracie is smart. She knows Joey is allergic to smoke and can't be anywhere around it. Bobby is allergic to work and cinnamon and can't be anywhere around either of them. Katie thinks she is allergic to school, and does her best to avoid all parts of it. With the smoke from the firestorm in the mountains around us, she has a good idea of what it means to stay away from whatever you are allergic to.  For a while, Kenny insisted he was 'llergic to kisses. It stemmed from his giggle. Every time I kissed him, I had to "get the sugar" from his neck because he laughed so infectiously. He was 'llergic to kisses to be tickled more.  Last night, Gracie announced she was not taking a bath with Joey, because she was "llergic." Something in my memory clicked...She's too young to understand that Bobby was 'llergic to bathwater... I wonder if it is genetic.         Gracie has decided she's 'llergic to: taking showers with Katie; sharing my bed with Joey; and letting Bobby tell her what to do.  Thank Goodness, she's not 'llergic to kisses.