Have you ever seen that movie  Office Space ?  The protagonist, the one who gets hypnotically cured of his doldrums, points out that "test" that high school counselors give students to learn what they want to be.  The "test" involves thinking of what you would do if you had a million dollars, in other words, if money were no object, what would you do.  The protagonist replies that he'd do nothing.  Now while I agree with him that doing nothing, relaxing and what not, sounds good, I don't think I could do it for an entire day.  In the same film a gangster-rap-loving character with the unfortunate name of Micheal Bolton points out that that "test" is crap because if everyone realized his/her dreams, there would be no janitors, etc.  I think this is true.  High school counselors and optimists in general really ought to stop filling everyone full of hopes.  These hopes have repeatedly gotten me into trouble.  For example, everyone told me so often when I was in high school that because of my grades and my general smarts, I'd get oodles of money to go to school.  Why, in their minds, the schools would just send boxes of money just to  entice  me to go there.  I kept this belief going through a stringent series of extra-curricular activities.  And while I was admitted to every school I applied to, none of them threw money at me.  I ended up going to what I viewed as the crappy state school, because even though they offered no money to me, they were still cheaper than the private schools that had offered money to the tune of half of their fees.  There, the optimism of those around me that spilled into myself let me down.  In college, I worked under much the same guise.  I got horrendously good grades.  I wrote for the student newspaper, double-majored in fours years including a year abroad.  With all of that, I was certain to get into the best graduate programs.  But fat chance.  The programs to which I applied typically have around two-hundred applicants for ten positions.  Those are not good odds, and I'm sure that, like me, every applicant had the best grades with the most glowing letters of recommendation.  I would up getting into the authentically crappy state school (a differnent one now, in a different state) where I work.  The program has turned out to be a dud; I'm trying to escape.  But here again, stupid optimism has gotten the worse of me.  I think that high school counselors need flat out to tell studens, "some of you will be custodians, the vast majority of you will have jobs that will only ever give you enough must just to get by.  You're life will be one of back-breaking work, for mere fractions of what the most successful make, and there's not a damn thing you can do about it.  So, stop your bitching and get to work."