Boom. And suddenly we all fall down. It was all too good to be true. People were getting better, making progress, settling down. And then someone, somewhere presses their self-destruct button and everything falls apart. I know, I know, every family has their problems, their wayward members, but when it's your own it seems 100% worse. It hurts to see Oli suffer; I want to give him a hug and tell him everything will be OK- but will it? Besides, he's in Edgbaston, and my arms aren't that long. Dad hasn't contacted me since I left his house on the 19th; it's the 29th today. Ellie's dad hasn't spoken to her in over a month, so I shouldn't complain really, and Oli's parents haven't spoken to him in over two. It all started with him though. Dad. He makes a big fuss, we fight, I cry, he apologises over an E-MAIL and somehow I find it in myself to forgive him. Again. It's always about money, too. I hate that stuff. You either don't have enough, or you've got too much, and when you don't have enough you feel bad because you can't help, and when you've got too much you feel bad because you're not sure if you should help out or not, because in the past there's been problems. Problems you didn't even know about until last week, problems that have been around for years. Why does nobody ever tell me??? It's worse finding everything out now all at once, than finding things out bit by bit. Nobody told me I had a fucking sister until I was 11, for God's sake. On slightly different yet equally pitiful note, I screwed my Leeds interview up. I got facts wrong, I was nervous and I didn't know the answer to half the questions they asked, but eventually I relaxed a little and got a bit more confident. I doubt I've got in, though. Everyone in my family (except maybe my mum) seems to have a self-destruct button, and someone's pressed theirs. I wonder where mine is...  OK, this paragraph is gonna be about good stuff. Promise. I went to another of Edd's gigs on Saturday! Ed Blann was there! I flirted with him! I wasn't thinking about Rich and now I don't care about him! OK now it's just over the top. So yeah, I flirted with him, I don't fancy him as such but it made me feel good and realise that Rich is a fool with a tiny penis and I can do better. I spent the afternoon with Sam and Kat yesterday, who threw lots of compliments my way and made me laugh and smile and forget about everything. JYF in two weeks- I can't wait. Jack's 18th birthday party was last night; it was thoroughly boring and there was no one to dance with, but lots of Jack's relatives who I hadn't seen in a while said how nice I looked, so that was nice :o)  I don't need any of that, though. I don't need to know how nice I look nowadays, even though it's nice. I don't need to go out and flirt, even though it makes me feel sexy. I need a cuddle. I need friendly arms around me, a tissue (yes, me, needing a tissue) and an understanding ear.  Ceff x   There was just one, at the top of a pile of one million...