First, some names will remain anonymous to protect those involved.  Here it goes... In order to get to and from Nagano relatively inexpensively, we rented 2 10 passenger vans.  The trip to Nagano was accomplished without a problem.  The return is an entirely different story. My van was chosen to be the leader and so we set off on our journey with van 2 behind us.  Within 5 minutes we knew we were in for a rough ride.  Our driver (lets call him Joe) was all over the road and definitely not gentle on the breaks.  A few of us began sending messages to those in the vehicle behind us, they were sending mails telling us how dangerous our vehicle was being, and many in our vehicle were becoming quite sick. Dave finally came through for us and called Rob (our navigator) and told him that a girl in their van needs to go to the bathroom so could we stop at the next rest area.  All of us hopped out of ours but only guys got out of the vehicle behind us which didn't support their "claim".  Anyway, Toa went up to 'Joe' and told him he wanted to drive for a bit.  We were now in good hands. For all of the first years who are recontracting, there is currently a conference in Tokyo so we had to drop them off at a train station a bit outside of the city.  When we did, 'Joe' walked to the drivers side before Toa had even opened the door and asked for the keys.  I knew we were in trouble.  Jane quickly abandoned us and hopped in the other vehicle to make it 4 and 4 continuing on in each vehicle.  Jamie and I told the other female (we will call her Sara) to sit in the front because we weren't feeling great and wanted to lie down.  Mike, the driver of the other vehicle told us that maybe 'Joe' would be better because Mike would be in the lead.  That wasn't the case.  I then received a call from Rob who had gotten out with the Tokyo bound crew and he informed us that he had made a mistake in booking and the vehicles were supposed to have been returned at 11 AM (not PM) and we now needed to have them back by 9PM.  That would have been impossible so Rob had to figure out an alternative plan for us. Mike then realized that he was going to miss his Shinkansen and would be stranded in Sendai and 3 others of us were potentially going to miss our local trains.   Back to the driving...while 'Joe' was not the lead car, he was driving 1/2 in the shoulder, not using his signal or checking his blindspot, and was slamming on the breaks.  Jamie said something to him and he told her to lie down and close her eyes.  Within 20 minutes I realized something had to be done and I sent a message to Jane and asked her to have Mike pull over so we could get in their vehicle.  Both vehicles pulled over and Mike told 'Joe' that Jamie and I didn't feel safe riding with him and either he would be driving by himself (or with Sara if she didn't have the guts to move) or he should hand over the keys. That shouldn't have required much thought but he claimed he was fine and would continue driving.  Well, to get back on the road both vehicles needed to reverse.  Mike did so without a problem.  I had suggested that I get out to direct 'Joe' but the others said he should be fine.  Unfortunately he wasn't.  Mike watched him hit a concrete pole and quickly jumped out to look at the damage.  We saw Mike's reaction and knew we were in trouble.  Mike came back and told us we needed a new driver for the vehicle and Rebecca said she would since my ankle was quite sore.  We later learned that 'Joe' just handed the keys to Mike and said find another driver and those were the last words anyone heard from 'Joe' for the duration of our trip.   With Rebecca driving vehicle two and Mike the lead driver we set off again.  Mike was still trying to figure out how he could get home and we later figured out that if we dropped him off in Fukushima Prefecture he could catch the shinkansen there.  We somehow had lost the other vehicle when they had passed us to take the lead but we contacted them and told them our plan. It was then we realized all of the luggage was now in the wrong vehicles so they got off at the same exit so we could make the switch. We made it quickly, too quickly, and later received a call from Jane saying she left her bag with her house key and we needed to meet again.  We told them to follow the signs to the station but we never ran into each other and we eventually heard from them and they were having trouble getting back onto the expressway.  I was now driving vehicle 1 with only Jamie keeping me company and we were on our way.  Somehow we ended up in Sendai 1st but van number 2 ended up directly behind us.  We couldn't return the vehicles because the place was closed so we parked them in a 24hour lot so that Mary-Eve could meet Chris in the morning to return them by 11AM, the new due time.     Once the vehicles were parked, we were all relieved that we had made it back safely.  We were fortunate that the accident had happened in a parking area where 'Joe' was driving very slowly and not on the expressway when we were going around 120 km/hour.  'Joe' took off before Jamie and I even got out of our vehicle and we soon learned from 'Sara' that 'Joe' had hit a car before the pole. We were incredibly mad that both 'Joe' and 'Sara' did not say anything at the time (Joe never did) and we therefore didn't check the car for damage and were now obviously the culprits (well Joe was) of a hit and run.  The rest of us were shocked that 'Sara' had never said anything until we were back in Sendai.  She went on to say he only bumped it and so there was probably no damage.  A bump from a 10 passenger vehicle can cause damage even if it was only a bump and probably just isn't good enough.  The entire trip left many of us frustrated but we were thankful that noone was hurt.    I can't believe that someone can have the keys taken once, have two people say they aren't comfortable riding with him and still insist on driving.  I am glad that Jamie and I made the decision to switch when we did and find it kind of sad that 'Sara' is so concerned with people liking her that she didn't have the courage to switch cars. We were also incredibly fortunate that when the vehicles were returned no comments were made about the damage and thus far noone has called to say they witnessed the accident.  While I wish I had just taken the keys from him, we had all done everything humanly possible short of just grabbing the keys and we should all be old enough to recognize when your own actions are putting everyone in jeopardy and that safety of all those involved is more important than any individuals threatened or bruised ego.