morining raining sia nid go hall sway sia sit beside weisong...den kip on making mi luff n laf no stop lyk siao den so bad say the sandeep a elephant taking pledge...say wad i haf seen a pig dancing,now is time to see a elephant take pledge...i dere wa! cant tahan sia luff lyk siao...is he make mi laf de lor den say i sot de everytime laf n laf... aiyo...nvm den rmb gt the spot check ting wa sia la scared till lyk siao sia ask the weisong dun tok le i bellie scared he say scared wad aiyo...den he mor siao lor say "aiyo dun cry arh u c u wan 2 cry le" sot de arh he...bt all the luffing make mi 4get the ting den dismiss le weisong say bye den i say bie lor den start 2 scared again...wah bt aiya nth lar...after eng period cher return all the bks...*phew* 2day gt gastric during lesson tym aiyo! sway sia lucky mrs ang haven cum so can squat for awhile pain lyk hell sia...wan 2 stand up cannot stand up den i juz stood dere...n tt sabrina! arh go call him aiyo... liddat oso call...wan 2 catch her skirt b4 she go over bt hand dunno y aiming nt zhun...  den every1 cum gib mi food ask mi eat...sum mor take frm the hamper de...bt i juz dun wan 2 eat lar...every1 ask u ok anot..haiz...bt nvm thx for all ya concern lo den dear oso dere squat wif mi...aiyo...wan 2 fu mi sit on the chair den i juz cant stand up den squat down again b4 reaching the chair...haiz den mrs ang cum le...haiz nid 2 get back 2 the chair and sit wah!!!cannot stand still n greet her sia pain lyk hell...whole lesson dere tahan the pain den reading period muz better le...  assembly dunno watch wad malay tingy ar dere slping liao n wantu go toliet sia coz juz now gastric dun wan eat so juz drink water lor...wah...full lyk siao man...tot dismiss le can go toliet wa lao! nid 2 take class photo..den cannot go...sway sia...haiz...tis tym i is sit down de leh...bt den take photo tt time i nvr smile lor...so dunno how is the result...yeah!!take finish le lor BT i dun wan go toliet le...hahahaha...  den go back class wrap the hamper lor...sian sia 1 person in class till liyana cum den dey open tis open tt...den met 2 sot char bo i dunno hu r dey...juz walk intu the class n help mi pack...den gt fencing training mah the xue qian running ask mi gif him smt...   aiyo down dere so wei nan...still gt the cliff ar...wah 2 so noisy sia say faster faster...den take liao leh gif mi back again...sot wan arh dey all N remind mi of weixiong dunno steal how mani tings le his npcc fren oso aiyo our class is wad minimart ar...ltr lian jie carrian n chun cum uo 2 class again guess wad...to take the food again... den i gif him cake le still nt enough summor cum into class n take summor ting esp tt lian jie dunno take wad ting i dun care i take my bag n go home le haha...say biebye nobody ans oni rachel lor den i juz go le lor...den die 4get take maths tb...haiz walk back again n take den saw melissa taking my umbrella...oh ya...!!den i rmb i still 4get take...hehe...k lar tink i stop here been typing 4 the past half an hour le...