That's Em's favorite song right now.  (ok, I'll admit it, I'm pretty into it myself.)  How funny is that song???  I had to look up the lyrics cuz well, what the hell is boo boo?  Rhymes with poo poo, so I assume... Emilie and I said this over and over together: Crazy bitch (repeated in background) Bitch, stupid ass bitch Old punk ass bitch, old dumbass bitch A bitch's bitch, just a bitch She just loves to say the word witch with a b and not get in trouble!  hahahaha Trev and I saw Van Helsing last night, which was hmmmm, a bit on the odd side.  Count Dracula has these weird ass hos that shriek like wild banshees.  Perhaps they are banshees.  What the fuck are banshees?  I think maybe some Irish thing.  Anyway, Van Helsing is hot and so is Anna, but she's a tad on the chilly side.  But those outfits she wears...weeeheee.  Frankenstein is just a sweetheart.  You simply must adore him. Trev helped me work on my resume today, which is thankfully near completion.  I get to wear my new suit at the job fair Monday.  Should I wear black hose or nude??  Ah, the dilemnas of life.  By the way, I have decided that I am a damn good employee.  Hell, who wouldn't wanna hire me.   We saw Harry Potter 3 today.  I loved it!  I wasn't really into the first 2 and I haven't read the books since one, but this one was totally awesome.  Extremely entertaining.  Those damn dementos are some super scary psychos. I talked to Party Patty (we worked together some years ago as temps at this insurance company) today and she officially dubbed me Happy Hour Kim.  I can not let her down.  I could hear little Gabrielito in the background.  She only pays attention to him when there's blood.  God, I miss her.  A true soul mate.  She's moving to San Antonio and will teach 2nd grade.  She always makes me laugh.  At least I can remmber her wedding aniversary since it's on April fool's day.  I seriously thought she was kidding.   Emilie's babysitter Grace et al are in Disney World.  She called Friday to say that the college kid who is house sitting called to tell her that Fidget the dog had been missing for "quite some time" and he had looked for him, but didn't know what else to do.  Did I mention that he is an Aggie.  And his dad is quite honestly a rocket scientist at Nasa?  Of course he can't find the dog.  So Em and I drive around a bit along with everyone else in the neighborhood (not really, just like 3 of us) and low and behold, Aggie calls to say call off the search party, Fidget just walked in the doggy door. I'm reading like 4 books right now.   I must sleep.  The doc gave me a script for some stuff that is supposed to help with my restless leg syndrome.  It's habit forming and it is used to treat people with seizures.  ummmm, this seems a tad bit bizarre to me, but what the hell do i know?  You don see no MD in fronta my name.  Everyone can use another habit no?