I really don't care which political party you belong to, most are not to be trusted anyway. Yesterday I took a step back and tried to look at the whole picture, and I really honestly cried from what this country has become.  I mean EVERYONE gets wrapped up in a one issue and it over powers their emotions. So after my rant the other day on under-educated Americans and their racist views I decided to step back and determine why I was so upset.  Well I think I have a handle on it, so if you are still with, me here we go.   I grew up thinking that America was about freedom and that this is a great country because we have more of it than any other country.  I have to say that I am really disappointed to learn that is not true. In an administration based on hatred and deceit, we are losing the basic principle of America. First the push to put Christian values in state and Federal government institutions in a country that is suppose to be about freedom of religion and separation of church and state. A country, mind you, that is not just made up of people of Christian faith.    Then the Patriot Act, which is just an open door for racism and a tool to eliminate diversity. The plan there was let's  scare Americans into believing this is the right thing to do.  SO alienating another ethic group in America. I don't think I have ever been so ashamed of being a white man. I can honestly say that racism in America does still exist and that if you are not White,Straight,Male and Christian then it is not the place for you.   One argument that I just am sick of hearing is that homosexual marriage will destroy the sanctity of the institution of marriage. PLEASE! First of all if two people love each other enough to want to be together forever then they should be. Also I must reinforce that religion should play NO part in government. Plus heterosexuals have done so much to make marriage such a beautiful thing, with high divorce rates and hundreds of marriage reality shows ( Who Wants to Marry my Father  shows me what real marriage is suppose to be, sure). Yeah thank you for showing the world what marriage is suppose to be like, I so hope that I can uphold these strong standards of something so sacred. This so called man of the people is now pushing to amend the U.S. Constitution so that for the FIRST time in its history it would deny civil liberties to American people. That is hate and there is no other way to look at it.   I was alarmed to the reports that people are trying to stop Michael Moore's new movie from being shown. Conservatives are calling him "Un American" for giving his opinion. WTF? Since when has speaking your mind been anything but the biggest American freedom we have?  I do urge anybody who questions what this administration is doing to "OUR" country to see this film (http://www.fahrenheit911.com/) and judge for yourself.  You may not agree with anything I have said but just for one moment I ask you to look at this country with someone else's eyes, maybe a Middle Easterner who came here looking for the freedom he or she did not have before. Are we still the land of the free?