Who was really really drunk last night?  Well there are a lot of answers but my point is that my name is definitely one of them.  Last night turned out great.  I was late like bitch but after that stuff flew smoothly.  We ate some pork at WABA and then hung out at the Commune where we had some beer and icecream cake.  That icecream cake was awesome.  Whoever's idea that was needs a pat on the back.  I was Neapolitan and went great with the beer.  Odd combination but it worked.  We were there for awhile mingling b/c there were so many foreigners there.  We finally made it to Gypsy Rock where more drinking was had and I ran into John and Brad.  I like these dudes but haven't seen them in forever since their number changed and I can't ever get in touch with them.  We closed that place down and moved to Bubble Bar.  It was there that I realized I was pretty much done for and had to bail.  That is an overview of the night.   I would like to publicly thank all those who gave me presents.  Caleb thank you for the shirt.  You will see it in action tonight.  Hopefully it will bring me some good luck.  Gabe and K-Lo thank you for the wine and calculator.  Asma, I always like Absolute and I'll have a blast with it.  And Andrea thank you so much for the gift certificate.  It will be put to good use.  I'd also like to say thanks again to everyone who came out and just made it a fun evening.  I fee like I've won an award and this is like my acceptance speech or something.   I'm not sure if anything really crazy happened.  Nothing particular comes to mind.  I slept fairly well and I'm feeling pretty good so I think I'll be able to go hard again tonight.  This morning, well afternoon when I woke up I wasn't so sure.  Today is K-Lo's birthday party celebration.  Dinner at Bennagin's should be fun.  After that, who knows.   I don't feel much older.  I think this is b/c I've been calling myself 25 for the past year do to the screwy method of assessing one's age they seem to have in Korea.   I've had to work with Judy the past two days and I've come to the conclusion that she is just a negative person.  She is always complaining and then she doesn't approach people very diplomatically when trying to resolve a problem.  She just seems lazy.   In embarrassing news when I woke up around 10ish to go to the bathroom (I wasn't completely sober at this point) I opened the door on my roommate who was taking a  shower.  Don't worry I didn't see anything and I don't think it was that awkward.  I had my earplugs in and couldn't hear the water running.  But I still think he should have locked the door.   Sarah said she has started reading my blog and that she found it refreshing as just started to read it.  That makes me a little bit happy I guess.   I feel like there was something else I wanted to talk about but I guess not, or at least I can't remember.