I can feel the anger running through my veins, like strikes ur heart when ur about to die. When Kevin and i are online till 3 am, trying to figure out what to do about sam, how we can help her, without me talking to her. We have discovered a way. and we are going to put it to action very soon, we are merly waiting. But while Kevin and i are trying to be good christians and do as God will us to, that fucking selfish spoiled immature druggi brat, IMs me and will not tell me who it is, of course, i pick up on who it is. or at least, somethings still seem a lil weird like it was not her, like she just had someone else do it, but im not sure. But as i am mustering up every bit of strength and trying to swallow my anger for her, trying emensly to help her. she strikes me down. lies to me more. and the calmness i had once felt, was gone entirely. I felt like if i could, i would of with no hesitation what so ever reached into my computer screen and grabbed her throat. I would have no intentions of seriously hurting her, or such. just a warning, just to see the fear in her eyes, to give her a taste of her own medicine. i had a dream that she wouldnt let me go, she was dragging herself along grasping onto my ankles, when she pulled me out of the car i was trying to get into, i wrapped my fingers tightly around her neck and pushed both my thumbs into her air-way passage. i watched her gasp for breath and stare away from me...i help her in my grasp for no longer than 4 seconds but my grip was so great im sure she thought it was over, in my dream at least. i felt liberated. i felt she finally got what she deserved. i know some of u are prolly thiking im pretty sick, but it does not hurt that bad, it merly stops u from breathing for a few moments, it is only scary. in my dream i released her from my grip within 4 seconds and pushed her to the ground, i was kneeling and she was half lying, she laid on the ground coughing as i glared at her with the utmost rage and got into the car again and we drove off and my dream ended. if ur reading this. then its time i let u know, there is no escaping this time. nothing u can do is going to stop me from getting u help. but dont worry u will not be getting the kind of attention u want, and especially not from me, u will not under any cercumstance see me talking to the people i am choosing to talk to, they will all speak to u seperatly apart from me. they're going to know everything. and dont bother trying to get revenge on me by telling them i have made love with my boyfriend. as i have already gone through ur most predictable moves, and analyzed them. so its over, u are going to lose, there is no way to escape the enevitable.