I took today and tomorrow off work and my intentions were to be very, very productive.  Two of my college friends are coming to visit me from Cleveland this weekend and I am so unprepared!  I moved into my house last fall and have yet to mop the floor.  Now, that might sound gross, but truthfully it does not look too bad!  I live alone and am pretty neat and tidy most of the time.  Well, I used to be at least.  Lately I don't know if it is that I don't care anymore or that I'm just way too tired to do anything but go to work.  Half crazy, half lazy.  There it is again!  I have depression and rheumatoid arthritis and both kind of drain me.  Plus... damn sinus infection or allergies or something is taking hold of my head.  I'm not a hypochondriac, really I'm not.  I'm tired of being tired.  I know to feel energetic, you have to put out some energy.  I need to get off my ass and do some walking.  I know this would be very good for my mood and my joints, yet I don't do it.  A wierd form of self sabotage.  Why?  It's like cleaning my house.  No one is going to know if I do it or not, unless I tell them.  And if I don't care, why bother?  But why don't I care?  I mean, life is pretty good for me right now.  My arms and legs work, I have a job, I just got a new car that I love.  Friday is payday.  I have friends and family.  Sure I'd love to be married and to have no worries, but as humanity goes, I'm living in the lap of luxury and I am grateful.  I try not to get bogged down in any woe is me modes because it's a waste of time and energy and there are so many people worse off that me in the world.  I'm hoping a new "friend" will send me an email soon... wondering what he is thinking re our relationship.  If he's feeling the friend thing too or is interested in more romantic things.  As for me, I don't feel the sparks.  I like him - he's funny and nice and kind and stable...  but after two dates, a lot of emails and phone calls I just don't get the sparkle in my eye when I think of him.  Do you think that's okay?  I mean I always think I need to feel that within the first few dates or we shouldn't waste each other's time.  Some people think that chemistry can develop over time.  I wonder how much time?    Well, I'm going to play a game of Scrabble.  Maven is set at advanced, which is helping me raise my rating.  I'm not advanced yet, but I'm moving along.  Very exciting, huh?