Got this from Aman, though I’m certain I’ve tried (unsuccessfully) to fill this thing out numerous times. You’re supposed to use only song lyrics or song titles and accredit the artist. Let’s see how this works! It took me an INSANE amount of time to complete.   1. Are you male or female?:   “She carries on without a doubt, I wonder if she’s figured it out…”  – Evan and Jaron, Crazy for this Girl   2. Describe your neighbourhood:    “Never too far from the places that gather and the dreams that have been. In the safety of night, and its old neon light, it beckons to strangers that always come in. The snow it was falling, the neon was calling, the music was low, and the night, Christmas Eve. Here was the danger, that even with strangers, inside of this place, it’s easier to believe.”  – TSO, Old City    3. How do you look?:   “With auburn hair and tawny eyes, the kind of eyes that hypnotize me through…”  – Flock of Seagulls (or, more recently, Bowling for Soup), And I Ran.   4. If you could say something to the person you like, what would it be?:   “That nothings ever seems to be, when dreams collide with our reality. It should be easy when two people love each other to be free. Wouldn’t it be good if they could understand us, wouldn’t it be good if we could be together?”  Fefe Dobson, Take Me Away   “I am extraordinary, if you’d ever get to know me. I am extraordinary. I am just your ordinary average every day singing psycho.”  Liz Phair, Extraordinary   5. Where do you wish you were right now?:   (There are so many places I’d rather be right now!)  “You'll remember me when the west wind moves, upon the fields of barley. You forget the sun in his jealous sky, as we walk in fields of gold.”  – Sting, Fields of Gold.   “In the middle of a forest there’s a clearing by the stream…”  Trans-Siberian Orchestra, Prince of Peace.   6. What would you say to your best friend?:   “It’s always hard to believe in your own self, and easier to find belief for a friend. I’ll hope for you, you for me, and together we can say it’ll be okay.”  Superchick, It’ll Be Okay   “We’re not done yet, not going quietly into the night. Not me and my friends. We’re not done yet. Don’t take it too seriously. It’s just life, we’ll win in the end.”  – SC, Not Done Yet   “I wish you would step back from that ledge, my friend. You could cut ties with all the lies you’ve been living in. And if you do not want to see me again, I would understand.”  Third Eye Blind, Jumper.  (Just one more, I promise)   “Just when you thought you were falling. But you know, I’ll always be right there…”  – Michelle Branch, Always Be There   7. Any words of wisdom?:   “All of the moments that already passed, try to go back and make them last. All of the things we want each other to be, we never will be. We never will be that wonderful. That’s life.”  Nelly Furtado, Try   “And when you say ‘It doesn’t matter’ well it does. And all it takes is a mistake to eat your words. And when you look it’s gone, it’s too late to turn around. It’s another day facing yourself and the things that you’ve done.”  Michelle Branch, Second Chances.   8. What’s your view on life?:    “And I thought I’d live forever, but now I’m not so sure.”  Lisa Loeb, Stay.   "I live my life by the moon. If it's high play it low, if it's harvest go slow, and if it's full then go. But after midnight, morning will come."  - Nelly Furtado, Turn Off the Light.   “I’ve got it all, but I feel so deprived. I go up, I come down, and I’m emptier inside. Tell me what is this thing that I feel like I’m missing, and why can’t I let it go?…There’s gotta be more to life, than chasing down every temporary high to satisfy me. ‘Cause the more that I’m tripping up thinking there must be more to life…Well there’s life, but there’s gotta be more.”  – Stacie Orrico, More to Life.   9. Do you hear voices?:   “Don’t waste your time on me, you’re already the voice inside my head.”  –Blink 182, I Miss You.   10. If you could say something to your enemy, what would it be?:  I’ve got more than one enemy…GO ME! I balance it out with the many wonderful friends I have.   “You’ve called me strong, you’ve called me weak, but still your secrets I will keep. You took for granted all the times I never let you down.”  Three Doors Down, Kryptonite.   "Go ahead and hate your neighbor, go ahead and cheat your friend. Do it in the name of heaven, you can justify it in the end. But there won’t be any trumpets blowing come the judgment day. On the bloody morning after, one tin soldier rides away.”  – Joni Mitchell, One Tin Soldier.   “Bet you don’t think I can take it, but my mind and body are strong. Bet you don’t think I can make it, it won’t take long!”  – Joanna Pacitti, Watch Me Shine.   11. Do you have a role model?:   “Two days past eighteen, he was waiting for the bus in his army green.”  – Dixie Chicks, Traveling Soldier   “You could be a hero, heroes do what’s right. You can be a hero, you could save a life. You could be a hero, you could join the fight for what’s right.”  – SC, Hero.   “Each day she goes on is a day that she’s brave, fighting the lie that giving up is the way.”  SC, Hero.   12. Do you have angst issues?:   “Sometimes I have good days, and it’s great to be me. Sometimes I get the best of insecurity. And it’s quite all right to be the one and only, but some days I just feel like the one and lonely. Oh, the one and lonely.”  SC, One and Only.   “Makeup can’t hide how I feel inside. We all have bad hair days, those ‘nothing good about me’ days. We just keep moving on, ‘cause they’ll be gone, and we’ll still be here going on. We have our yesterdays, ‘no lunch ‘cause the jeans don’t fit’ days. We’ll still be going on.”  –SC, One and Only.   13. How has music had an effect over you?:   “It was the glow of a light. It was the heart of a song, it was the tear of a child who had never belonged. It was the wish of a soul on an old neon light, and the Lord smiled at him on that cold winter night. Hear the bells ring through the night. Hear as they ring through the night. Listen to the bells as they ring, listen to the message they bring. Listen to the sound as they sing as one voice in the night. Hoping that we’ll all understand every dream is there in our hand. And for every bell, let them ring on through the night!”  –TSO, An Angel Returned.   14. How do you feel right now?:   “And I thought that what I felt was simple, and I thought ‘Well I don’t belong.’ Now that I am leaving, oh I know that I did something wrong.”  Lisa Loeb, Stay.   “It really doesn’t matter if we don’t eat. And it doesn’t matter if we never sleep. No it really doesn’t matter, doesn’t really matter at all. Because we are so young now, we are so young, so young now. And when tomorrow comes we can just do it all again.”  –The Corrs, So Young.   15. How do you feel towards your parents?:   “Then I see you standing there, wanting more from me, and all I can do is try. Then I see you standing there, I’m all I’ll ever be, but all I can do is try.”  Nelly Furtado, Try.   16. What’s your favourite part about the opposite sex (or the sex to whom you are attracted)?:   “There’s something ‘bout the way you looked at me. Made me think for a moment that maybe we were meant to be. And it’s strange that things change but not my wanting you so desperately. Oh, I cannot  ignore it. I hate giving in but I should have known better.”  – Michelle Branch, Desperately.    17. Do you have low self esteem?:   “If you wanna be somebody else, if you’re tired of fighting battles with yourself, if you wanna be somebody else, change your mind.”  – Sister Hazel, Change Your Mind.   18. What’s your question to the world?:   “Are we wise to believe in things we never see? Are prayers just wishes in disguise, and are these wishes being granted me? For now I see the answering to every prayer I’ve prayed! Are we kind, more this day than any other day? Or is it only in our mind? And must it leave when you have gone away? It’s different now, it’s changed somehow, and now you’re here to stay.”  –TSO, This Christmas Day  -----  Ouch, my hands hurt now...  GOLLIDAY IS GOING TO ROCK SO HARDCORE!!! I'm running the two-mile. Marisa McPhail is, too, but I'm just gonna run my race and try my damned hardest to get up there, whether M.M. is there or not.