nothing in the world prepares you for looking into a parent's face and seeing what you're going to  become. It happens to everyone at some point, for me it was a few days after my mom had her stroke. It's a mild one, all things considered. Perhaps if she was drooling, and couldn't button her shirt, or couldn't walk, it might actually be easier. But instead she appears completely normal, until she tries to drink milk out of a spoon because she thinks it's a glass. Or she goes to the microwave to put the orange juice away. The mirror is cracked, when I look into her face, and the crack is so slight, that it needs a good look before being discerned.     I have been taking care of her for a month. I've had a few days of respite, when a neighbor has  come in to tend to her and I've gone home to wash, do laundry, grocery shop, and try to fit back into my mom/wife suit that doesn't work either. I'm walking two different worlds. And don't fit into either. I've found the patience I never thought I had -- can tell my mom for three days the name of the doctor we'll be seeing next. And remind her continuously that she mustn't chop down the wisteria alone, or go into the garage for the plum jam without a helper. She understands as she hears me, then promptly tucks the info away into a recess now seldom visited.  Friends and neighbors, bankers and therapists marvel after a telephone call, knowing little of what happens when she hangs up the phone, smiles and reports that she's taken a call. Cannot remember from whom or what was discussed, but it made her smile nonetheless.     She has to build new pathways -- her brain will regenerate new nerve roads and hopefully she'll be able to get her right field of vision back, and be able to look upon the English or even German words which cover get well cards, and understand what kind thoughts are being sent her way.  This they tell me, the doctors and therapists, and even my sister who frustrated in the distance of California cannot reach out but to call daily and lend opinion and send flowers.  I dream of Italy and my own library, I see my children grown and independently taking up the consequences of their decisions and hanging onto what we know as a livlihood. But I hear my mother's frustrated lament every day, why me, I was a good person, I took care of myself, I wanted to do so much. She waited, you see, for Daddy, 12 years older, to pass on, hoping for a few good years with which to follow some dreams perhaps found in those very spaces her brain cannot now encorporate. I am not slow. I get it after watching her roll up her hair and monitoring her medicine intake.  Chemicals, by the way, she never took, never needed, never believed in. Perhaps still doesn't but takes for our sakes.     I will finish my degree and get my library and work with my school's kids. But I will not wait to do the other things I think I might want to do. I will do them as they occur. Like going to the Artemisia and Orazio Gentileschi exhibit in NYC. Whatever became of that person. Grabbing a friend and a weekend and going. And greedily holding onto that memory like a nugget. Or my ride at the Renaissance Fair on an elephant, although I could have chosen the camel. Me barefoot, stroking it's needle baby hairs and feeling the sahara leather and the rythm of the ages under my thighs. My children watching in amazement at their mother's oddly enviable courage. I want many nuggets like that. My mother remembers the past so clearly -- and the perversity is that her youth past was horrid -- the war, the hunger, the bombardment, the escape. The memories of happiness are fewer. I want to make those memories of happiness so I have them later.       So herewith a list not to do before I die, but before I too get my crack. Before I can no longer make of the experience a treasure to bring forth whenever I need:     Eating pasta in Florence and touching the walls of the coleseum in Rome, alone or with a friend.  a return to the Musee D'Orsay in Paris with Ilana  a story published anywhere  the wailing wall of Israel and the parthenon and aphrodite's temple in Greece, explored and understood (a lifetime perhaps)  an oil painting class, preferably in flowers  my own cat again from kitten  a trainride across the United States, the silver streak variety from which I can see a sunrise and sunset over the differing vistas that make up this grand country.  a sushi class     That's it for now. There will be more.     ~K