Yo yo Yo,   Im back from the beach and here at home right now obviously. I went to wildwood in New Jersey. I didn't do anything out of the ordinary just the normal beach stuff, went out in the ocean boogeyboarding and went to the boardwalk and crap. I bought/won janelle a bunch of stuff and thats about it. I got home yesterday around 1:30 and went right to janelles after i took a shower. I was so excited to see her! I got to her door and she opened up and jumped on me and started kissing me. :-) She's so wonderful. I stayed at her house until she had to go to cheerleading practice (she's varisty captain!!!). I didnt do anything else that night except run a couple firecalls because of the big storm. Today i went out shopping and stuff with my grandparents and janelle. I got two movies/computer game/ accesory for my aquarium/new toys for my hamster, janelle also bought me two new fish and a candle. We got home from shopping and me and janelle chilled in my room for like an hour then she had to leave for cheerleading. I just sat around here after that, i lifted weights for about a half hour because it was definitly needed, ive missed 3 of the last 5 workouts for football because of the beach and being out to late the previous nights so i didnt want to get up so early, but im going tomorrow and it should be fun. Friday is angle ball day which is always great. But one thing that sucks is that wed. was equipment day and i wasnt home for that so all the good stuff will probably be gone, etter said they might have a few revolution helmets left, god i hope so. Ummm....tomorrow im going out shopping again with my gp's and janelle (my gp's are staying here with me because my fam went to michigan to visit relatives, so my gp's are buying me stuff). Were going to kohls to look at all the crap thats on sale so maybe i can find some clothes for school, i dont know. I dont know where else were going but in the evening me and janelle are going to the capital city mall to shop and buy her clothes and to see napaleon dynamite. Saturday janelle has a wedding but she said were gonna chill during the night and then sunday i'll probably just go to her house for swim/chill all day/night. Should be an incredible weekend with my incredible girl! Thats it for now. PEACE!