The seminar has finally begun, and it looks like there are alot of things that need to be done. There are alot of like minded people here at the Washington Center. Then again go figure as this is the Democratic National Convention. I know a few of you that read this probably just shuddered to think that there are so many liberally minded people that want to become part of the electoral process. My God, the horror.....     So the morning started out way to early. I woke up about 6:30 after drinking too long and having had only 4 hours of sleep the night before. At least my roommate sleeps like a rock, cause I was snoring like my older brother, sounded like a buzzsaw. Had breakfast before noon, for once in my life, it's free so I might as well take advantage of it. We went to a theater a few blocks from here, it was raining. Which reminds me, I thought the rain only followed me when I drive? Now that I think about it, it rained in New York when I was there in May. Damn, I guess I really do bring rain with me wherever I go.     We started the morning off with those goofy ice breaker exercises. You know, Hi my name is...... kind of things. Then we had this Assistant Director of the Secret Service speak to us. He was rather insightful, had a few things to say. It was interesting watching him talk, you could see his eyes darting back and forth around the room surveying the area. He was still on the job.     Right after him we had a US Congressman speak to us, his name was Michael Capuano (D-Ma) this is the guy that now sits in Tip O'Neil's old seat. O'Neil was Speaker of the House back in the 1980's. This gentleman was actually pretty personable, real salt of the earth kind of fellow. He definitely didn't mince words and told you exactly how he felt. Here is a list of some of the more notable things he spoke about. This is the most important election since the Vietnam War era. His own personal philosophy, which I completely agree with, "We owe something to everyone in society. In that we owe some level of healthcare, education, and retirement." He got into politics because he was an "angry young man", and believes that you shouldn't complain about the system if your not engaged in it. I thought this one was pretty good, when he gave the analogy that "Elections are organized fist fights."     Capuano also spoke about the partisanship on Capitol Hill. When talking about different congressmen he gave the example of how some people overexaggerate when disagreeing with each other. The Congressman then stated just disagree with me, you don't have to get personal. He then cited an example, "Not only do I disagree with my opponent on the other side of the aisle, but he is stupid and evil." The audience laughed, and he continued, "Well maybe I ain't so smart. (gave a curt smile) But Evil?" Then the crowd erupted again. He also cited some of the funny things that people would say to prove a point. "Mr. Speaker, the reason the sun did not come up today is that the extreme left didn't like it, and then taxed it." I know a friend of mine would definitely like that quote.     He spoke a little bit more about the differences in the people that come to the hill, and how rural representatives get a little bit more exposure. He gave the example of how one Representative read to a sixth grade classroom and it made front page headlines in the town paper. Congressman Capuano, then said "I would have to kill the entire sixth grade to get the front page!"     For lunch I went to the Black Rose pub downtown by the market area. I thought about getting the lobster, but even here the price is high. $15.99 for a 1 1/2 pounder. To steep for my blood, I got a corned beef sandwich instead. I talked to the bartender for awhile, here name was Leona, a cute brunette Irish girl of about 23 or so. She had the accent, which made me want to talk to her even longer. It is always interesting to talk to people with different accents. She gave me a few pointers on things to do in Boston. You honestly need to talk to everyday people to find out what is going on in these towns.     I then went to a meeting with a smaller group and the faculty member, that will be my teacher for the next two weeks. We got the rundown of what was expected of us and then sent on our ways. I have some work to do tonight so I better get to it. Have a good one and hope all is well in the Midwest.       Almost forgot to mention this one. About five blocks away from here there is a Barnes and Noble. So if I get bored I can always go over there to hang out. There's also a Borders about 7 blocks from here.    I hope to learn how to help curb voter apathy. How do we get young people engaged in the process? How do we get everyday people to start to care about the issues? I spoke with a fellow student about this earlier and she stated that if we can just get people to care about one issue very passionately, then maybe they will begin to care about more than one thing and then stay informed. I think this is a strong way to look at these things, but it will take alot to change many years of carelessness.   It is important to have a working knowledge of the City of Boston. I was here a few years back, and to tell you the truth, it has come very much in handy. This has helped me, by giving people directions and just letting people know how to get certain places. You also need to just be kind to people. A smile and a nod can get you alot of places. You never know who you might be talking to.