the first day of the schoolyear is almost over. finally, the anxiety and nervousness has passed. now i am officially a freshie.   the day started with me and my headache. i've had very little sleep last night because of the nerve-wrecking thoughts of high school. then, the next thing i know, it was already the welcoming rites. i can't believe i was the first one to walk on the aisle in the middle of 200 or so ladies screaming like crazy. it was kinda embarassing and thrilling at the same time. i fell really sleepy when the personnel intros began. i was awakened every minute by the juniors cheering for the teachers. man, were they happy. recess followed and i hung out with monique and ayen [daryl was absent]. when we came back, we had some unfreezing activities. i liked the second one the best because i felt confident to speak. i also liked the third. it made me realize the root of my failure: fear. fear of challenges, pressure, change..attention...? i found some of my classmates quite interesting. one of them was april, she said she was unique/her own individual but nonchalant at the same time. i found her self-description catchy. then, zari, a transferree who loves ballet and was very loud. lastly, jasmine who was unusually shy. it was like she was forcing her bangs to cover her eyes... almost her face. then we were given our sched. i spent lunch with monique and ayen. the cafeteria was jam-packed and there was no where to stay in anywhere. at one point, i felt extremely unwelcome and uncomfy in the HS department. when i used the CR that lunch, the sophomores dominating it at that time stared at me and i felt so intimidated. there was some kind of disgust and rejection in their look. creepy... after lunch, we met two of our teachers. first was mr. dela cruz. he was cute but towards the end of the meeting, i found him quite faggy... i think gay is more polite. i'm not sure if it was the way he said some things or the way he moved his arms. i dunno... our filipino didn't show up so we met our AP teacher next, ms. san andres. she's really energetic and she talked a lot [in a good way]. we weren't able to introduce ourselves because she was talking, which we liked because we were so tired of introducing ourselves. all day i was expecting jammi to come even when i told him not to.   *** things i learned today: 1. you shouldn't be ashamed of growing up.  2. if people don't like you, screw them [in the words of lyle and jammi] 3. everyday is a new opportunity to change. 4. smile...^_^