I know that I'm behind the curve on this, but I like to think about things before I drone on endlessly. First allow me to link to the actual Pew Survey that everyone is talking about:  urlLink The Real Thing   Let me also provide the following link:  urlLink Interesting exit data from the 2000 election courtesy of CNN.    There are three possible interpretations of the very controversial information that is revealed in the "Values and the Press" section of the Pew survey.  They are:  1.  Conservatives are black-listed by news organizations and they hire only progressives, liberals and homosexuals.  i.e. the conspiracy hypothesis.  2. Conservatives are naturally not interested in pursuing careers in journalism, that they have some characteristics that result in an antipathy for the profession.  i.e. the Monte Carlo hypothesis.  3.  People who work in the field of journalism are "converted" to liberalism and that some aspect of the profession influences the workers towards leftist thought.  i.e. the meme hypothesis.  I dismiss the conspiracy hypothesis the most easily.  For a conspiracy to exist there would have to be a high degree of articulation between competing entities, an incredible level of secrecy, and actions that are inconsistent with the long term goals of the companies that own the news agencies.  Since most news agencies are owned by big multinational corporations, it is irrational to favor employees that are hostile to multinationals over employees that would be sympathetic to the companies.  The Monte Carlo hypothesis is simple and attractive.  Journalists, for the most part, don't make much money.  According to the  CNN 2000 exit polls, conservatives tend to be more wealthy than liberals; ergo, they must tend to seek higher paying jobs.  Furthermore, jobs in the media are overwhelmingly restricted to urban areas; the CNN 2000 data shows an strong correlation between living in cities and liberal voting, while a similar correlation exists between rural living and conservative voting.  Thus, it is reasonable to assume that conservatives don't like to live in cities.  The combination of these two factors results in fewer conservatives entering the profession, and those that do are more likely to leave.   The meme hypothesis is also attractive although less simple.  Journalists constantly come in contact with information.  As part of their job they must spend as much time as news consumers as news reporters.  If you examine the CNN 2000 exit poll data there is an increase in liberal voting as voters get more education.  Unfortunately, the differences due to education in the poll are exceeded by the actual difference between liberals and conservatives in the news-room.  It would seem that the meme hypothesis doesn't hold water or at least the meme effects can't be due to education alone.   You will recall that I mentioned above that there was a strong correlation between urban dwelling and voting liberal.  You will also recall that almost all of reporting jobs are in big cities.  Therefore it might be that the meme effects are not due to the profession of journalism, but of residing in large cities.  It is reasonable for urrban dwellers to develop liberal philosophies because liberal priorities are in the best interest of city dwellers.  Therefore, it is reasonable to attribute some of the imbalance in the newsroom to the liberalising effects of city dwelling.  Probably, it is a combination of the Monte Carlo hypothesis and the meme hypothesis that is the cause of the Pew survey findings.  The question remains then, what can be done to correct this imbalance?  The simplest remedies would be to increase reporter salaries and to move news bureaus out to North Dakota.  This would probably result in a decrease in the quality of news because it would necessitate having fewer reporters working someplace where there was no news.  While this would not change most TV news, most newspapers would suffer.  Personally, I question whether the imbalance has any real effect.  I would be interested in seeing the break down politically of editorial boards and management.  Since these are the opinion making positions on the paper and the positions that evaluate news-worthiness, it is these positions that effect news content.  I would be surprised to see the same difference as was described for the regular reporters.  And I would be even more surprised if editorial content or tone were affected by the politics of the staff.  In the same way that your Rolls Royce or Mercedes or Lamborghini are put together by lefty pinko socialists, your Wall Street Journal, Washington Times and Fox News can be put together by hippie intellectuals.