Hola amigos. It´s me here, trying to focus on work this beautiful Sunday afternoon. Of course I¨m at work, getting ready for the week, so that I can leave school before 5 PM this week. If I¨m well planned, my life will be happier, I¨m sure.  However, I am unable to focus. Yesterday was relaxing, yet productive. I finally took a run in this seemingly exercise-free city. Of course, I was subject to a few less-than-welcome comments as I trotted by men lounging on sidewalks, but all in all, it was a pleasant experience. I¨ll need to go very early in the morning, or late in the evenings to avoid mind numbing mid-day heat. I also may elect to walk up the mountain to school as a form of exercise; this could be good for both my rear end, and my attitude with the kids. I¨m a much calmer teacher is if expelled some energy early in the morning!  Last night was Daniella, one of my roommates, birthday. So true to form, we went out to celebrate. Early in the afternoon, the new gaggle of friends surprised her with a delicious Salvadoran caramel cake and small gifts. Then, after the older crowd went home, we lounged, dressed up, and hit the town. A new friend here, Marco, and a friend of his were our local male companions (something helpful for gringas new to a Latin country), showing us several good bars and hangouts, and two great places to dance.  At our first bar, Zanzibar (which is a slang term for El Salvador), we were caught in the pouring rain and delicious thunder storms. As many bars are outdoors, the umbrellas swayed, women ducked, men protected drinks from ending up on unsuspecting laps, and everyone laughed and shrieked as we ran as quickly as women can in heels to the new, underground section of the bar. Very cool, very cool.  Next, we went to a club in which Jamie and I were very nervous about seeing one of our students. Man, some of those seniors look old! So, after a few free drinks thanks to ladies night, we changed locations. The last bar was the best, with casual dancing, and an older crowd where I did not fear student interference. Ah. So, we dance. We spun, bumped into struggling cocktail waiters, laughed, drank, and had a nice time. It was not a rave of a birthday for Daniella, but a fun night just the same. She managed to get a phone number of the bar manager, so she considers the night a success. A potential friend, or just one more person to know in the large unknown city is always a good thing.  This morning, I woke up at 11. Hurrah! After two episodes of Sex and the City, leaving us longing for someone special to kiss, Daniella and I went to our favorite sandwich place, Lido. Their turkey sandwich kicks the butt of any sandwich I´ve had in the states, including Bowers Bakery in Portland, and the Washington market turkey-on-a-hard-roll. Yup, believe it. Complete with French baguettes, two types of cheese, a Jack Daniels dressing, and smoked turkey breast, I am well fed, have leftovers to snack on if necessary, and am ready to work.  Now I¨m off. Hasta Luego.