I have such an urge to randomly start crying right now. My grandpa is in the hospital. :'(   Anyway, everything's been so eff'ed up this week. Efrain hasn't been here all week, and George get live in relief that Efrain wasn't here. Psh yah. I was so weirded out when Mrs. Boyce put both of them in the same group this morning. ._. Thank god Chelsea started talking. Wow, I'm thanking CHELSEA?!   So. I'm incredibly tired, and I wished everyone would go away. I've come to the conclusion I miss Jason Papp (my senior friend who graduated, sob) a lot, lately. He used to be the most awesome person ever. He worked at McDonalds, and we would talk ALL the time while he was on his shift. My mom used to think we had a thing, lol. He cheered me up all the time, and called me Germalyn. JASON COME BACK! I miss you. :'(   Nothing feels right anymore. I'm always wanting to cry or something. And no one realizes it!   PowderPuffAshley: i need anger management or something ._. sss STEN: hahahah sss STEN: i know how you feel sss STEN: but its like inner anger that nobody ever sees PowderPuffAshley: yess exactly PowderPuffAshley: you're mad, but no one even thinks that you are  sss STEN: and i don't think they care either, heh PowderPuffAshley: yeah which sucks and adds on to your anger  sss STEN: SERIOUSLY sss STEN: >. sss STEN: i get so pissed off when i'm mad and nobody says anything... and they act like they dont even notice.. it makes me even more pissed off for some reason PowderPuffAshley: ME TOO  Yeah, sorta like that. I gave Jo one of my "earlier" childhood pictures of me with hairclips, and pink dress (ew), and she showed everyone. Including effin' George, who according to her, got too happy she showed it to him. What the effin' heck? I wished I never met him.   Um, what else happened? Took a test in 1st period. 2nd was dumb, as usual. We went over new junk in 3rd, and Mr. Eckstrom got happy. He light a candle, and the room smelled "musky" for the rest of the period. 4th -- we grinded up leaves, and stuff. CSF was cool, I guess. 5th was lame today, but Mrs. Green was  impressed  with my poem. So I'm really glad, right? 50 extra credit points. She better give them to me. That's all I can say.  6th period we had another MS Word final. So stupid. Of course I got 60/60 this time. Otherwise I would've killed someone. Richard got mad because he got a B, and stuff. We're changing seats on Monday, and if I don't sit next to Cesar I will die. Mr. Martinez knows I know no one else in the class (except Andy, who I don't talk to anymore), and Cesar   was  the one who started hitting on me when I first changed seats with Adrian. We've been friends since, lol. Actually, at first I hated Cesar so much, because he was a freshman football player. Bad combination to mention around me the first few weeks of school. I despised them. He won my heart, and for the dumbest reason too. We started really talking, because we had both liked The O.C. Adam Brody brings people together, I tell ya.   I hope the weekend relaxes me. I have three (two?!) math assignments to do. Eurgh.