I have discovered Krispey Kremes donuts, and the lord proclaimed: they are GOOD! I found them in Harrods yesterday when I popped in to see if I could buy any of those sausages from Jimmy's Farm (unlikely, as I couldn't remember his name) and bought a box for me and Si to share. They disappeared quickly. Well...my interview yesterday. I can honestly say I don't know how it went, which probably means it didn't go all that well. Let's face it, if you're not coming out of an interview filled with confidence it's unlikely you got the job. The first bit went well, when I was telling them about my skills and qualifications. They seemed impressed, and I even made them laugh a few times. Then when it came to job-specific skills they started asking me such basic questions that I was a little gob-smacked. I'm sure there were lots of awkward silences as my brain desperately asked itself: is this a trick question? I probably came across as a complete moron. I think I did ok on the skills test though. All I can do now is wait. I should know by next week. I also have to finish my on-line application form for the market researchers job, but I can't remember the web address so I'll have to search for that one. Other than that, I popped into the British museum for an hour and saw the costumes used in the film Troy: they were cool. I also visited my houses of worship: Monsoon and Lush. They symbolize cool London living to me. I played a few rounds of my least favourite game: tube hopping (where you get on a tube then off at the next stop, then realise you got off at the wrong stop and wait for the next one.) The train ride home was ok, although I didn't get back 'til gone midnight. Having said that, I wasn't very tired. See, I can cope with the London lifestyle. Today was a good day at work. Everyone seems so relaxed and happy. I've found the kids to be very pleasant company. I think I'll miss them more than I thought. I know they will miss me. Today was also the lesson I'd been planning with Carol. She came in and gave a lovely speech about how great the class was, questioned them about their recent work and they did me proud. Then she revealed she was wearing my 'Snitch for President' t-shirt, which got a big cheer. Then we handed out bars of chocolate and awards to the students: I gave out the fimo rats I'd made some students. They were incredibly touched. It was very heart-warming. Right, I have to go back to the osteopath now (and not a minute too soon).