It was easy to make the decision to move to the U.S. given everything I've been talking about. My relationship with my dad was way too recent to change my mind. Creating a separation from my mom was what I thought I needed. It was like being free at last... My mom called me at my job at least 7 times a day, it was overwhelming. I thought leaving would be getting rid of my past problems. Well, in reality I carried them in my luggage... I was too impulsive to make the decision to leave my beloved Argentina, but in a way I felt I had no other way of putting my life back together; or better yet, starting to live! I desired so much to come here that I said I would quit smoking... I did. Yes, every time I go I start, but I quit again.   When I came to the U.S. I moved in with Steve without knowing him really. I was gutsy, but otherwise I couldn't. He introduced me to all his friends, and I remember people would not touch or kiss... They hugged in such a fake way that I felt so awkward! I missed and still do the physical contact we have in Argentina. Even if you don't know people, when they are introduced to you by a friend you kiss them on the cheek. Steve went back to work kind of quickly. At the beginning I went to do some sightseeing in SF, but after a while I was like afraid or lonely. I used to stay home and watch soap operas, and by the time Steve got home I asked 20 questions before he could answer the first one! I've always been the kind of person that when I have too much time, I think crazy... After spending some money in shopping at The Gap (because in this country they carry my size, at that tiem was between a 10/12,) I started searching for a job. I thought since I spoke some languages and had experience in Tourism and Hotels, I could get that kind of jobs. But very soon that dream fell apart. In Argentina I would have never worked at a coffee shop, especially cleaning and doing dishes. Finally, I decided to search for a job at a coffee shop. I thought it would be easy, but without papers it wasn't. One day Steve got me job through a friend at Sweet Joana's cafe Howard and Spear. Every day I took the bus, and went to my daily humiliation session. The wife of the owner was very mean to me. At first I was troo shy to ask people to repeat what they have ordered when I didn't understand. I got better over time. Her husband and brother in law liked me and were nice, but she was a bitch. I worked there for a while until one day the bitch told me that business was slow, so they could no longer pay me. The husband hooked me up with another brother of his at the Fisherman's wharf. Things there were different. I was given lots of wasing to do of huge, sticky muffin trays. At least I had someone to talk to, a Mexican girl (Yadira). Customers liked me and I was not shy anymore, but I worked like an ass. The owner sometimes cussed at me behind my back in arab, but always smiled and pretended that everything was ok. He called me wet back, and I had no clue what that meant. Everything continued until one day I was told that a new girl will start ,and I will have less hours and will have to work weekends, so I quit impulsively. I told him I had a better job offer. I had nothing, but my ego was still strong.   Weeks after I found a job close to where I lived (a block away). The owner was Egyptian. I had to prepare food, coffee, clean, mop, you name it. Very soon I was in charge of everything and by myself. Omar would only come once a day if that. Customers loved me, and although the job was demanding I was happy. Business was slow at times and friends from the building came to visit, like the lesbian that made moves on me and Guillermina who got offended by my words... Just an Argentinean expression that it is offensive in Mexico. She was nice. One day, I went to work and the store was empty, Omar moved out the night before. To make things short, talking to some cutomers a Korean man offered me a job in a Blue CHip Cookie store he was opening soon. I went to Argentina in the time being, and started working upon return. I had moved out Steve's place, but when I lost my job, he told me to go back. I worked there for a bit, and Steve offered me to get a Civil Wedding to get my papers. I applied for a job at Office Depot and got it. It was ok. After 4 months Steve proposed with a ring, and asked me to get a degree. I started shyly, but college woke up a part of myself that had been quiet. I went to community college, got my AA, and transfered to Cal State Hayward. I wanted to go to UC Berkeley, like Trish, but I needed to stay one year to finish one class. I knew that no matter where I went I would do good if I just set my mind to it. And I did. I graduated Summa Cum Laude. After graduating I got in a program to receive my teacher's credential, and I did. I've been teaching for 3 years, and I don't think I would do anything else, although it could be stressful at times. THe chase of a dream has been tough, and many times I wanted to throw the towel... I did not, and as I look back I feel proud! No one in my immediate family has received a college degree. In a way what I did is so similar to what my grandpa did... He is and always will be my inspiration...