So, I added a counter to the blog...now I can see just how many people are checking in on me. Thanks to that one person! (If that number doesn't bump up, don't worry, whoever you are. I won't quit writing, I'll just delete the counter. Hahaha.)  My head is better now. I went out to dinner with Matt, who is leaving for Italy at the end of this week to be with his pregnant wife (she is stationed there for her work in the Navy.) I guess cheesecake works better than Excedrin.  My roommate is essentially gone. She left one more trip's worth of stuff, but she did go ahead and turn in her keys. Hopefully, with her things now being behind locked doors she will be more persuaded to contribute towards the $600 she currently owes me.   I've been having kind of a nostalgic day, in the hours since my headache dissipated, anyway. Walking around the neighborhood reminded me of a walk I took with someone else, a long time ago, and then a CD I listened to reminded me of them as well. Even though we cared about each other, there are good reasons we're not involved in each other's lives anymore...the relationship didn't give either of us what we really needed. But for whatever reason, that knowledge doesn't make me immune from missing them, as much as I wish it did. I know it's silly, but there's this desire to know that they're missing me, too. (This would be the part on Sex and the City where Carrie would see whoever she's talking about on a date with a new woman. Hahaha.)   There was another time that we had separated, and I kept hearing "our" song all over the place. Everywhere. In elevators as muzak, in stores over the PA system, on the radio, I mean  everywhere . I remember thinking that if I was hearing it so much and thinking of him, he must be hearing it and thinking of me, too. That actually made me feel better. When we finally did get back together and I told him about it, assuming his response would be parallel to my own, he said, "What? We have a  song ?" Ugh. Frustration. Anyway, I'm annoying myself that I'm even still thinking about this. (It would help if that cute Ben Affleck look-alike from the train would call and distract me!)  Oh well, until then, tomorrow's a new day, and I can fill it with a walk heading somewhere else and a different CD.