once again. the title has nothing to do with the blog.  so my day goes like this.  woke up at 8. i thought i was goin driving at 9. but nooo....i had to be all lazy and not write it down yesterday. it was actually at 10. so i woke up an hour early for no reason. soo gay. ok.   after the drive, came home and ate some b-fast. i was online talking to buddies, when the "know it all man who helped my mother conceive me" came out and started freakin out at me. i swear to GOD that man is gonna be the end of me! ggaahh!! so he freaks out and he's all "NATASHA PARVEEN! U NEVER LISTEN TO A WORD I SAY! GET READY! WE'RE GOIN TO SUPERSTORE!" and me being the stubborn talker-backer to that man that i am, i said a couple of nasty things meself. but thast a different story. lets just say there was a lot of "cussing" back and forth. so yes we fought. DER! its the goddang usual round here. i hate him.  so while i'm in superstore shopping away, some people start screaming "DIAL 911! DIAL 911! QUICKLY! SOMEBODDY STOP HER!" and i look around the corner and this lady's stealing from superstore. couple minutes later we heard the cops come and get her.   while i was walking down the oriental section, my phone rang. so i took it outta my bag and guess who it was? MOFO! [gotta get a new nickname for u] so we talked for like 2 mins [definitely not long enough] but i promised i'd call after i got home. and i did. and we talked. not for long tho. his dad got home and he had to go:(  so then around 5 laine came and got me and we went for a swim. shit man these nasty old men that are so damn hory are soo nasty! there were these 3 guys [nasty old men by the way] and they were totally looking at us. eeewww....  on the other hand, the sexiest lifeguard was oogoling laine and i. hahah! we were thinking "make up ure mind buddy" cause he kept looking at me then her and me and her. it was just hillarious to watch. he was hot tho. crazy tattoo on his back...RED DRAGON....ggahh....*drool*...lol. naw he wasnt that hot. he was alrighty. he looked like lance bass from n'sync. pretty cute. not the kinda looks i go for. laine on the other hand was enjoying his attention. hahah! go team laine!  soo all of that aside. today was a mediocre day. we met this cute couple at the pool too. they looked so happy together. *sigh* ME TOO! LEMME BE HAPPY!  so thas it for now. i'll prolly be back later on.  TASH IN later much  CHEERS(B)   >