so the workplace atmosphere has been on edge lately. i really don't want to get into specifics since i'll start ranting on for pages. let's just say there was a huge misunderstanding that has led to some teachers hating others, and now i feel like i'm walking on egg shells whenever i speak. for anyone who knows me, this is like the thing that i hate the most (more or less).  i thought i'd try to get the teachers to go out for a drink this wednesday night (we have a three day holiday coming up). the last time i tried to organize an outing, most of the foreign teachers came, all the secretaries, and only two out of ten korean teachers. the rest said that they are always busy on the weekends and that they can only come out during the week. although it is a holiday, and most people might be going away, i figured i'd try to get everyone out again. if they don't come this time, screw them.  on a totally different note, i'm really getting sick and tired of the racism here. i don't know why, but i've had no patience with it my second year. just today, as i'm walking to work, i stop at a crosswalk. there is a group of koreans standing with me, waiting (two women and four children). i'm pretty much minding my own business staring at the ground and/or the light, when suddenly out of the corner of my eye, i notice one of the women staring at me. i look up and see that the whole group is looking at me and (although my korean is shitty at best), i figure that they are trying to get the little boy to talk to me. one of the women were actually pulling his arm and gesturing to me. i guess when you look at it as one incident, it's really not that bad. but it happens all the time. it really makes me feel like a freak. "look mommy! look at the freak foreigner. he looks so scary!" "go talk to him, dear. let's see if all those hours of me forcing you to learn english are paying off." "no mommy, don't make me talk to him. he's scary. just look at him." i've just been gawked at a little too much lately, and i really might scream at the next person who does it.