Today   So today started out spendidly.  I woke up at 6:00 am and went running with a friend.  Then, I read some ancient Greek shit (Antiphon), then I walked to school, had a decent class, and walked back.  Then, I wasted most of the afternoon, worked a bit on my phenomenology paper, and went to an evening class.  Next, I went to the Union Station at 8:00pm, where I planned on staying for 45 minutes.  I just got home.  It is 12:51am.  Damnit.  I did have a great time, and I'm glad I stayed, but there is lots of work to do.  Am I drunk?  That all depends on what you mean by "drunk."  Just kidding, sort of.  I'm not drunk, but clearly buzzed.    Contemplations: Fuck love.  Love is great, but it is also hell.  Assuming you like spicy food, love is best described as really hot buffalo wings.  When you haven't had them for a while, you crave them quite often.  When you're eating them, you know it's painful, but you like it anyways.  At the same time, you frantically try to pacify the burning in your mouth.    Okay; I am and am not speaking of a specific person.  Does this make sense to you?  Of course not.  Do you think it makes sense to me?  The last week point five has been fun.  I feel as though I've suddenly become more attractive to women than I ever have before, although the time may be fleeting.  Why?  I don't know.  I feel more relaxed, and not as tempted to play nice.  I've been doing more pushups (that sounds ridiculous), so I look more solid.  I've been hanging out with Kvale, and, for better or worse, intentionally becoming more like him.  Women have been flirting with me more, a LOT more (there is a reason the "cry baby" was changed to "ladies man" on Eric Kvale's blog).  They've been giving me an anxious  look  (you know the one) more often.  Regardless, the bars have become something altogether different for me.     Women  have become something altogether different for me.  That is not to say that I have become a womanizer, but I feel closer to that extreme than I have before.  I worry about myself.  Men often act like jerks, but it is not because the man is trying to be a jerk; we are often too stupid and reactionary to become anything else.  God save me.  Goddamnit, I don't believe in that.    Besides all this, I'm still hooked on my old romanticist notions of an individual women having transcendental value.  There are women (only a very few) whom I regard this highly; whom are high quality, and deserving only of the best.  Not necessarily love, but  special  admiration.  Regardless, tomorrow comes quickly.  One year from now will be here before I have time to prepare, and then I will leave Bemidji, leaving any positive or negative perception (reputation) of myself behind.  This is bad for my friends, especially some female ones, as my only concern for the welfare of others is completely altruistic.  And that has become surprisingly week.  I've given my warning.  Don't trust me.  I like Bemidji because the social travails have become interesting, challenging, and fun.  I hate it because of the same reason.  This would never be possible in a big city like St. Paul, Minneapolis, or NEW YORK, for God's sake.  That's where I should go, where I'd always be anonymous, and incapable of hurting someone for more than a moment.    Who reads these blogs?  I only know of some, but what about those that I cannot detect?  Do I damn myself by posting such a message?  That all depends on what one means by damned, and who reads the blog, and who hears about the blog.  Fuck it.  I suffer no long term consequences here, except for academic or medical (that's a poor view, ethically speaking, in my opinion.  A clear violation of Kant's categorical imperative).  If things go sour, I'll only have a few months of hell, until January or May 2005 (ok, almost one year).  Bemidji is an experiment in my position.  Yee-haw.