Message Board ...  I've been
continually tweaking my
website over the past month, and I think I'm finally happy with it!
(pmsl!) I haven't really been able to do anything with it for about the
last six months, because my computer was too sick to upload the stuff!
Plus, I've also opened a new Message Board for people to post their
comments and thoughts about life, the universe, everything - and a
banana. A group of people used to have one running when we all used to
have a online chat community a few years' ago, but most of those people
have moved on by now, and we don't use it anymore the way it used to
be. So, I opened a new one and streamlined it after my experience from
running the old one. Feel free to use it anytime. It's free to use, and you don't even need to log in or join! I don't know how it will be used at this stage, but it's there to be used. Cruise by and take a
look.  urlLink http://malboard.cjb.net  

   Webpages... 
speaking of  urlLink my website , I've added
a few new pages here and
there, and there's a few new additions to the photo gallery too. 

   CD's...  I was able to buy some
classic CD's today for very little
bucks. Right now I'm listening to an album I spent my school Year-12
listening to, Midnight Oil's "10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1" - I finally own a
copy! Plus, I got an early live Elvis set - like the really good stuff,
Sun-era R&B and rockabilly stuff. And finally I got Bob Dylan and
The Grateful Dead - which was really cheap - and after listening to it,
I understand why! It's terrible! Sounds like really sloppy club muzak!
pmsl! While I was downtown, I ordered 2 CD's I'd been after for a long
time. I've got them on vinyl, but I've got no record player, so it's a
bit pointless! So, I'm awaiting The Rolling Stones' "Get Yer Ya-Ya's
Out" (an amazing live album from their 1969 American tour - great
guitar interplay - really!), and XTC's "Black Sea" - an album full of
great tunes with a great vibe to it. 

   Books...  whilst I sent away for the
four out-of-print books yesterday,
I managed to pick-up a Gary Larson/The Far Side book I hadn't seen
before. I thought I already had most of his stuff, but this was some
later stuff. Always good for a laff is the ol' Larson - he's a sick
puppy! Anyway, hopefully by the end of next week I should have in my
possession those 4 books... 3 by George Johnston and 1 by Robert Lowell
(a poet!). 

  You know you're getting old when you get excited when you find and buy a cheap  back scratcher  !!!  
   Camera...  I'm
disappointed by the loss of my small digital camera. A
few years ago we sent a video of Pa falling off a skateboard to
'Australia's Funniest Home Video Show', and in those days they gave
everyone who sent a video in a free small digital camera! While it only
took small low resolution pics, it was still bloody handy to have. Alas
and alack, it seems to have grown legs somehow. I've been looking high
and low for it over the last 6+ months. I know Michelle and the boys
don't have it. I fear I've accidentally left it somewhere (it was only
a
small thing), and someone's walked off with it. Bummer. I went pricing
a similar digital camera today, and I couldn't find anything within
cooee of it! They all started at like $300! I don't wanna spend money
like that on a camera at this stage!