So within the last couple of weeks, most all of the school districts in the Monroe County area of Upstate NY passed their school budgets, allowing school districts to move forward in the hiring process.  This past week, I've heard rumblings from several different schools expressing interest in me that I'm in the hunt for several positions.  Now before people start asking me to check my ego at the door, I'll stop you right there because I already have.  In my frame of mind, I try to follow the Buddhist belief of remaining in the present moment, and having expectations of the future would come at the expense of this moment (I'll save that explanation for a future post).  In short, I'm more interested in enjoying the substitute opportunities that I have for the rest of the school year.  When the Fall comes, there is nothing I can do to stop it.  Whether or not I have a job is the least of my concern.    Since the end of the school year is approaching, it's important to know that sick time for teachers does NOT roll over and accumulate from year to year.  You have something like 10 sick days and 5 personal days to use each year, period.  If you have perfect attendance for 10 years and you run into some emergency that requires a year off, you don't get to use sick days (rather, you get to benefit from tenure :) ).  So towards the end of the school year (like right around now) - teachers are taking days off left and right.    Anyways, as I am enjoying these last few weeks of school, I am encountering more and more substitute teachers.  Every time I meet one, I feel like it's easier for me to relate to them because I am also looking for a permanent job in a school.  Subbing is fun, but it sucks at the same time.  We share war stories about classes to avoid, how our job hunts are going, and things like that.  These are people that I meet maybe once or twice in my life, but we already know each other in way.  That's the nice side of me when I meet other subs.  The mean side of me wants to paint their faces with animal blood and then dunk their heads in a shark tank.  Any time I meet or even look at another sub, I feel like I'm the wife who's been cheated on by her husband and I'm sizing up the piece of trash my husband left me for.  I can honestly feel myself giving these subs the once over and passing final judgement on them within seconds.  I've judged other subs by what they wear  ("JUST A BUTTON DOWN SHIRT AND KHAKIS? WHERE IS YOUR TIE?!?!") , and I've judged by seeing them teach (don't even get me started on some of these people).  The way that I look at it, every sub that I see is both a friend and an enemy.  I want you to complain to me about your class, or about the places you've worked so that I may offer you comfort and support.  But I also want to hear about these things so that I can get a leg up on you in our "competition", which is why you will never hear a negative peep out of me when it comes to anything related to a school district.  Oh I do complain sometimes, like when I blog or when I vent to my fiance, but it never goes further than that.    So essentially, one of the biggest fundamentals of job hunting is to find out as much information from your competition as you can so that you may be able to get a leg up on them when it comes to interviewing for potential positions.  I guess the saying that you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer is more true that I thought it was.