Well election time is looming closer and closer and I am in terrible straits as to whom I will be voting for. This is the first time of any election in my voting past that I am sorely tempted to spoil my ballot and not to choose any of the current candidates.  Here is a breakdown of the parties and my problems with  them:     Well for a political party that has made so many promises to bring down the deficit and help the poor, they are doing a pretty lame job of it.  What with the  urlLink Sponsorship Scandal  and the urlLink Gun Registry  muck up, they don't give me the impression they are fiscally responsible at all. As a matter of fact it seems just down right poor money management and I dare say criminal in scope. Since the reign of the Liberal part, wages have remained relatively fixed but taxes, service costs such as electricity have risen by 300%, insurance has risen as much as 600%, Gas has risen to unprecedented levels, the cost of living has sky rocketed, and in general the middle class has been supporting these rises. We have more poverty and child poverty in Canada then any other time in our History and we have lost our coveted status of being the #1 Country in the world to live, we are currently 7th now.  urlLink Paul Martin  was the number two man and finance minister and he carries allot of the responsibilities for the deep cuts to transfer payments and the devastating cuts to health care and social services.    Two words to explain why this party will not receive my  vote:  urlLink Stephen Harper . Stephen Harper is now the leader of the federal Conservative party. Harper was a founding member of the Reform party, the predecessor of the Canadian Alliance, and went on to become leader of the Alliance. He was a key policy maker in the earlier years of the Reform party, but left the party after a rift with leader Preston Manning. He is as radical as they come with his policies and I have no doubt that he will put us further in debt with his agenda. Then of course there was the fact that he made the comment about Atlantic Canada residents as having a  urlLink "Can't Do Attitude -  that's the product of too many years of federal transfer payments and industry handouts" .  He also made the comment that we as Canadians have a "defeatist" attitude. So it's my contention that this man will never get my vote, I am a very proud Canadian and I certainly have anything but a defeatist attitude.      I think the  urlLink NDP  have some great ideas and I like their platform, however, if you visit their site or listen to their speeches they do not have any ideas on paying down the deficit or balancing the budget. I believe the reason for this is simply that they can't do it as it stands and offer all of their great ideas. Their just isn't any money in the books for them. If they could come up with some good in-depth answers to these questions. I would strongly consider supporting them, even though they don't stand a chance in hell of actually being elected, they may take away the Majority Government that the Liberals have been rewarded with over the past 20 or so years.     So there we have it, these are some of the more important reasons for my current state of, "Who the heck do I vote for?" mentality.  "Politicians resemble dogs, and I'm sure they'd lick themselves if they could."  -anonymous  RLB