Hey friends!     Friday Night! I was debating whether not to go to the women's fellowship event. It is called face-to-face. It is just going to be women meeting to talk to the pastor's wife. It is tuff to decide whether to go or not because I was fearful to get out of my comfort zone. See I am shy and I didn't know if the girls I had met already were going to be there and since it was going to be at someone's house I was thinking, "what if I show up and nobody knows me, I am going to feel weird." Well in my mind I decided I won't go I figured I will just wait for Sunday and show up to the college event Fusion. I then finished cleaning my room and finished setting up my dvd and tv (yes finally I have a dvd player!) maybe an hour passed and I received a call. It was a private number on my cell. I was thinking who could it be I was not going to pick up the phone, but something told me just answer. Thank God because it was Danielle one of the girl's from the church asking me if I was going to show up to the event. I was talking to her about me feeling nervous and she was like just go it will be great and you will get to meet the girls and spend some time. I gave in and told her I would go.  Saturday!  In the morning I woke up and was getting ready to go to the breakfast.I was taking my time b/c still I was like, "I don't want to be early and not see anyone I know" Luckily as I was driving up to the house this car pulls up and some girl I had met was like I know where it is follow me. I was wheeeeesh! Yes! I don't have to walk in by myself. Well the time was great. I enjoyed their fellowship. I really look foward in getting to know these girls and spending time. I really don't have friends and I think this will be good especially now where things are so difficult for me. The pastor shared her testimony and offered us many words of encouragement. It was weird though because as she was talking. I got teary eyed. I really felt God talking to me about a specific thing. I tried to brush it off b/c at that time the pastor was talking about some stuff and I didn't want the girls to think I was weird b/c there was no reason for me to cry. But anyway, I held it in and I felt this peace in my heart. The feeling was unexplanable. It was great! To conclude the pastor asked us if we needed prayer. I got the guts to share a little bit what I was struggling with and they prayed for me.   As I was leaving  there was this girl Jovana who came up and was like hey it was nice meeting you. She was like I have been through what you are going through being hurt. We then talked and she offered encouragement and support. It was great to share. I had been holding in to so much lately I felt God was like this is a safe place to release, and I did. We talked for a while. I don't know why but I felt a certain closeness. I guess because while we were sharing we had so much in common. I was like man no one understands me but I felt she did at that specific time. To conclude she prayed for me. I was so thankful I went. I am continuing to pray about all of this and church. Please keep me in prayer. I know God works in tremendous ways.  I came home and I fed sailor moon. Later on my friend invited me to go watch the Laker game at this restaurant but I decided to go to  brother's house to watch the Laker Game and visit my nephews and nieces. It was so much fun. I really enjoy going over there and spending time with the kids.   I came home after the game  and when I came home I sat out in front of my house and played with sailor moon for a while. She was so excited to see me. She was liking me and jumping all over, she even scratched me she was so excited. Then I fed her gave her water and brought her inside for her to sleep.  Tomorrow  I am going to check out the service at this church and also going to Fusion at night. I hope it will be fun!!