Hello all, Enough is enough, I've been sitting on the sidelines for far too long.  It's about time I take a stand regarding international relations.  I'm getting in the game...  I just finished reading an article about the Rolling Stones and their upcoming tour in China.  Apparently, the boys at the Chinese Ministry of Culture (truly a fun bunch of guys if there ever was one)have forbidden Mick et al from performing the songs: "Brown Sugar," "Honky Tonk Women," "Beast of Burden," and "Let's Spend the Night Together".  Too sexually explicit they say, and get this, they're not particularly fond of "Brown Sugar" because it promotes inter-racial lovin'.    Yee-haw!! I loves me the censorship.  It always seems so random and superficial.  For example, they can't play a rather innocuous song such as "Let's Spend the Night Together" (...and by the by, why is this song offensive to the Ministry?  You don't get a country with one billion people without spending a few nights together), however they can sing "Street Fighting Man", a song that glorifies violence.  They can sing "Mother's Little Helper", a universal speed-freak anthem.  And they can sing "Sympathy for the Devil", which promotes, well, sympathy for the devil.  So--according to the Ministry of Culture-- violence, drugs, and compassion for Lucifer, that's okay.  But a little sexuality?  No, no, we'll have none of that.  Which brings up another point.  Are these guys making their decisions based solely on lyric content?  Because quite frankly Keith Richards' guitar riff in "Satisfaction" has enough sexual potency to impregnate an entire Cantonese village.  And what about "Start me Up"?  The Ministry has okayed that song.  I don't know about you, but when I hear that song I'm not exactly thinking about DieHard batteries or the start of an Arena Football League game.  That song is about sex...in any language.  I guess what I'm saying to the Ministry of Culture is don't invite the Rolling Stones to your country and tell them not to be sexual.  Just like you don't ask the Jehovah's Witness to come over, if you don't want them to try to convert someone.  Just Like you don't ask Al Gore to be your presidential nominee if you want to win.  You just don't.    There, that's it...I said it.  And I feel better for it.  In these crazy times of terrorism, war, and Fred Durst a man has to stand up and be counted.  Sympathy for the devil, Christopher