i've been ill.  under the weather.  i went bowling.  i told 8th graders that i made it to the 3rd round of American idol last year.  then i sang a Backstreet Boys song to them.  they ate it up.  I was a superstar.  Then I told them about the Holocaust.  The transition was better than the one I just made though. It was actually a really intense discussion.  The kids were really amazed and shocked and paying attention to the material.  teaching is crazy.  from me, kids have heard about slavery for the first time, the holocaust, martin luther king, Native American slaughter.  That's daunting man and oddly cool at the same time.  It's just odd for white bread dmh to be speaking to a room full of hispanic 1st graders about civil liberties.  i like it.  well, recently:  we (jesse and i) gave a couple of our scripts to Dick Van Dyke, among others.  It the past week, we've shipped out scripts to about 6 different people I believe.  Pretty cool.  We're working on a couple new full-length scripts.  One that I hope could be shot rather than sold.  We'll have to see if trevor is up to it.  I could see it being done under a million dollars.  Which is saying a lot.  "Of Mascots and Men" would need at least a 30 million dollar budget as it currently stands.  I recently wrote a 10 minute short about a puppet that would have taken about 10 million to make after the first draft, but then I chopped it up.  I origionally stated bill murray, ray liotta, kevin cosner, john cusack, katie holmes, ashton kutcher, haley joel osmont, billy crystal, barry zito, dmitri young, nolan ryan, don knotts, and james earl jones to star in it among others.  yeah.  i decided to take it down a few notches. we are teaming with trevor to make a movie this summer.  there's a warehouse in the film.  besides that i'll leave you guessing.  oh there's a surfboard too.  and maybe Dick Van Dyke.  i need to get to this...yeah, i watched 'the passion'  i can't really say anything about it.  i don't really want to.  it's not a film in the traditional sense.  i was not entertained.  i was not educated.  i winced.  i shuddered.  i was in pain.  i was in a sense stunned, impressed upon, affirmed, greatful, anguished, distraught, confused, and exhusted.  but i was not entertained.   what do you do with that?