urlLink The Connection Between Civic and Economic Education. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Margaret Stimmann Branson.  From the ERIC Digest:  There is a necessary connection between civics and economics in education for democracy.  This connection should be reflected in the curricula in schools.  This ERIC Digest discusses (1) federal legislation and programs promoting civics and economics, (2) the connections between civics and economics in the study of the Constitution, (3) the status of economic education in the schools, and (4) recommendations for strengthening the connection between civics and economics in the school curriculum.    FEDERAL LEGISLATION AND PROGRAMS IN SUPPORT OF CIVICS AND ECONOMICS IN THE CORE CURRICULUM OF SCHOOLS   Two pieces of recent legislation by the United States Congress have spurred the study of civics and economics:  "The Goals 2000: Educate America Act," passed in 1994, and the "No Child Left Behind Act of 2001."   One of the most important goals set forth in the Educate America Act is that "all students will leave grades 4, 8 and 12 having demonstrated competency over challenging subject matter including  civics and government  and economics  so that they may be prepared for responsible citizenship, further learning, and productive employment."   To specify the nature of that "challenging subject matter," professional organizations have developed content standards.  Content standards are explicit statements of what students should know and be able to do by the time they complete grades 4, 8 and 12. Content standards indicate the ways of thinking, working, communicating, reasoning, and investigating and delineate the most important and enduring ideas, concepts, issues, dilemmas, and knowledge essential to the disciplines that should be taught and learned in school.   The "National Standards for Civics and Government" were developed over two years by the Center for Civic Education with support from the federal government and the Pew Charitable Trusts.  State-level departments of education have made use of the national civics standards by adopting, adapting, and modifying them to meet their own needs.