I am so excited finals are almost over! YEAH! Then it's only three more semesters and I am done with school, well for a little while anyways. But it is nice to finally get to say that I get to graduate. It seems like this process is and has been taking so long. I guess though that surgeries are kind of important and taking off school was probally the best thing to do, but still. I am really going to miss my kindergarten class, I know I've said that already but I didn't get a chance to properly say goodbye. I'm going to go in tommorrow to pick up my evalutions and tell the kids that I will miss seeing them. I feel like I'm going to cry, they were such a great group. I know that this happens with teachers but I don't know if I can handle it. I think I am just going to be a big baby at the end of each school year because I won't get to see the kids in my class again. I am very excited though about my nanny job, Brynn's mom is asking me so many questions about life and different things about me it is neat because I can share with her the little I know and my different life experiences which has been quite a bit for a 23 year old. The most exciting to me was in the beginning she was afraid to pray with me and Brynn before dinner and now she isn't shy anymore because I'm kind of like one of the family. I love it when Brynn says that I am a part of the family, makes me feel special. I get in these silly moods sometimes and I asked Brynn every ten minutes or so, "have I told you in the last three or four minutes that I love you?" hee hee, she rolls her eyes and says, "yes, you told me like a billion times!" Sometimes I wish that I wrestle and run around the house with her but I get scared because of my hip. I have dreams sometimes that I am running on an open field or a track and it feels so good to be able to run, to not be sick anymore. Some day though I will be able to do that again, I know because I have a God who watches out for me, who tells me to not give up hope. I am just building my perservance and it's fun to share war stories with older people, oh honey you don't even know what pain is! Oh yeah? Try me, ha ha. Anyways, I need to keep practicing my song for Sunday. Lord thanks for being so merciful and good to me, you have carried me through a lot of different battlefields, I know you have a plan and purpose for my life, help me to follow you in everything I do, say, and think.  I love you Daddy.