Blech. I skipped Mock Trial today, because before 6th period, Guria and I went to ask Mrs. Goldsmith we had it today. She said that we could practice if we wanted to, but she implied that we really didn't have to. I was feeling uber crappy, so I called Anita so that I go home early. I waited a bit, so that I could tell Diana about the cancellation, but then we heard an effin' annoucement that there  was  practice. Argh. I was just like, screw it. I was so:   ``Aggravated, agitated, and infuritated ``  © Asian gang motto 2003  Yeah, went home called Guria to whine. I ate chicken soup though. Chicken soup makes me happy, and stuff. I so close to tears in 6th period today, but lately I feel like I'm always in tears at that time. Mr. Martinez said something about Cesar that made me think a lot.   "You need to pull yourself out of that middle school funk."  It  hit  me. I don't feel the slight bit attracted to him. What I told Heather last week about not feeling the same way about him, (and to Guria). It's hard to explain, especially when it seems like he's changed so much in such a short amount of time. I've known him for about 3-4 months now. I know him pretty well, but now... I feel so frustrated with him. All the time. I'm starting to get the stupid Rory mode, which is "omg-if-you-don't-eff-off-i-will-kill-you-and-your-dog-too" mode. :)  I  really  liked this guy. I did. Honestly, he has been on my mind ever since I realized I liked him. It's been a long, long time. Diana has been pushing for me to get over him, but when it finally hit her that I don't .. feel the same way about Cesar as I did, I think she felt bad. It's not her fault, it's his. He's not the guy I liked -- sweet, kind, funny, considerate. Now he's just effin' stupid, and I just want to stab him along with the rest of his classmates (frosh class). Stupid boys. HATE THEM.  /rage  Anyway. Cesar is dumb. He makes me want to cry, ugh. That, or I'm so e-effin'-motional around him. Plus, he's resorted to hanging out with Jamie, senior dropout and failure of the year, becase she has a "hot" cousin. Yeah, and Nicki is still giving me death looks. Maybe that would explain why I am still dying from this effin' flu.  Dad got home, and had a spaz attack. I'm not pleased. He's so moody lately. This family makes me want to cry constantly. :|  I hate everything.