Okay, so Friday night we are out at dinner with my family.  Something my entire family has been doing (at the same restaurant) for about 5 years now.  (Shorty actually has a plate named after him!! How cool is that!)  My mom was drinking copiuous amounts of Margaritas.  She and alcohol don't mix well usually, but this time just seemed to be worse since she is currently weaned off almost all of her medication to "control" her moods.  (She's not diagnosed bi-polar, but without meds she sure seems to be)  My dad, S, and I were sitting around the kitchen having a good time, when suddenly my mom starts yelling something about how it's fine, just go ahead and laugh.  Don't tell her what we are talking about.  She wasn't even in the damned room. How are we supposed to know she wants to be "in" on any conversation when she isn't even in the effing room with us. (also, this was following my dad announceing my blog to the family, something else she's pissed about...that he knew and she didn't).  S took Shorty to put him to bed (that's right, she's doing this in front of a 3 year old... don't  get me started on that!) and then my mom walked into the kitchen, goes to my dad and says "I hate you sometimes."  I didn't hear the sometimes part. She leaves the room and my dad and I look at each other with a WTF expression. I mean seriously....WTF!!!  Hate is a really strong word and to use that word with your spouse whom (who?) you are supposed to really love? So I went to talk to her.  I no sooner walk in the bedroom door that she starts yelling at me. I'm not the enemy dammit.  She agrees...hesitantly and while still yelling...too talk to dad and I.  (S is still with Shorty, trying to get him to sleep).  She walks into the kitchen. Yells at me and my dad to "SIT DOWN"..."YOU WANT TO TALK THEN SIT DOWN DAMMIT."  Well if that isn't going to invoke calm and rational conversation.  Then she is all pissy when we her don't talk to us like that.  I try to explain to her that no one likes being yelled at like a DOG when trying to understand why someone is upset.  I go to walk away and she THROWS a GLASS with her drink in it at me.  "O NO SHE DI'IN"  Yes, she did.  I turned around and charged her.  I can't believe that I did it and I apologized for it later, but again, WTF. I grabbed her and told her "don't you ever fucking do that to me again." She buckles like a newborn foal. I'm trying to make sure she doesn't fall hard when she digs her nails into my arm (this is my wound) and then starts holding herself up while hanging from my hair (which didn't hurt by the way).  I told her and dad that we will be staying in a hotel thank you very much and I go to get Shorty (who heard everything) and S.  W pack and go to leave.  She is in her truck trying to leave. The rest is really not important to the story.  I think I'll post the ending to this story when I have calmed down because just talking (writing) about it is making me angry.  I need to breath.  S says he thinks that perhaps I ought to find someone to talk to about this, after all I was accosted and by my own mother none the less.  I figure just a little more venting and I'll be all right.  I have the insurance and stuff, but I don't want to relive this over and over again which is what I learned is usually done when you experience something "traumatic."  Kind of a desensitiazion process. Opinions?   Some Clarification :  1.  I need to add that my mom was drinking a soda (or as I usually say for all forms of soda a "coke"), not any other form of alcohol, except what she had at dinner a few hours prior.  2.  My mom has been weaned off her meds by her psychiatrist to prepare her for an intensive psychotherapy program she is heading for this coming weekend.  Thanks to  urlLink Kalisa  for bringing these overlooked and important aspects to my attention.