WEEKEND WRAP UP  To start off BROOMBALL was so much fun.  I have never experienced it but I am glad I went. The turnout was great there was about over 50 people there. We had a couple games against eachother and let me tell you it got pretty competitive. The teams were co-ed. After we had one game where it was boys against girls it was cool but us girls were outnumbered. There were much more boys than girls. We played well though and scored a couple of points. Later on we had dinner (pizza) and there was a championship game. David which was one of the guys playing ended up getting his eyelid slid open due to contact with the stick. We were all worried in the beginning but everyone was quick to respond and care for him. We ended the night with announcements of MVP and a prayer. I can't wait until the next game.   SUNDAY  I went to church as usual 10am. The message was great it was on commitment to church. The college pastor spoke about his plans in building leadership and ministry. It was great. After college meeting we went to main service(11am-1P) and the pastor talked about the different struggles we face and how to face them. Truthfully that is something I needed to hear because it is what I am currently facing with. Keep me in prayer. After service there was a leadership meeting(1p-2p)that I got invited to. The college pastor led the meeting and he was talking about what has been steering in his and his wife's heart and how they are working to promote and provide opportunities for people to grow as leaders and for those that are leaders to proceed into extending that leadership in ministry. I have truly been praying about this so it was awesome to be a part of the meeting. I am hopeful and joyful to see how God is going to use me but I also am learning that it is not a waiting game completely...When God puts something in ours hearts we have to act and be proactive and he will bless us and provide us with the grace necessary. Finally, I went home and took a nap because I was tired. Not over yet! Later on at 6pm I went to the vacation bible study closing ceremony. It was amazing to see how awesome the kids were worshiping and hearing their testimonies. I pray God continue blessing those kids that received christ and also that He may empower them to continue having the desire to seek after him and bless those around them. Finally some of the people in my life group went to another's life group's event (The Atwaters' house). They had ice cream sundaes for everyone. We just hung out in the back yard and talked it was great. I was so tired by now (10P) I ended up going home. It was  long day but it was a day full of blessings...Thank you father.  MONDAY  Well today was the first day of ART CAMP. I got assigned to lead the younger group (grades range from 1st to 4th grade). I have 27 students to lead. They were all self-motivated and anxious.  Here is a brief of how the day went. Our first class was Drama which is taught by some guy named Chad it was great because the kid's love him and he was able to get all the kids comfortable. Later on we had art class which is taught by Allison we listened to music and and drew our impression of it. That was a new experience for me. Then we had ceramics which is taught by Erin kids made different pinch pots. Some of them came out really nice. and in the end we had another art class which is taught by Krista they did water resistent/watercolor sea life drawings. I am excited to see how those are going to turn out.  The students leave art camp by 4p and then the staff had a meeting 4p-4:40p. My work day ended at 5:15p and my friend and I headed over to the school gym for our 5:30 aerobics class. We are going to be attending aerobics classes (they offer different ones each day) everyday for the entire 5 weeks. I am really looking foward to this. The workout was great. I am soo tired and sore. After Aerobics class I came home took a quick shower read a chapter for my life group book study and went to subway picked up dinner and headed over to my meeting. I am now here home taking a break. I have to pack for tomorrow and go to bed. I am really tired I am going to stop writing now. I just thank God for giving me such a productive day. Not one minute was wated and he blessed me in so many ways. I am so grateful. I will continue writing maybe tomorrow.