The longer I'm here and the more I get out and around the more I really like this place.  People are much more with it than in Korea.  If I was to teach somewhere else I would seriously consider this place.  I don't know how it pays but everyone seems to want to speak English so it seems there would be a market.   Today was another killer busy day.  I'm been lucky as the heat and the weather haven't been too bad at all.   So I started with the fine arts museum.  And I have to say the art was pretty fine.  From there I rolled up to the zoo.  I love animals.  The conditions were much better then what I expected and I was also there on feeding day or lunchtime, I'm not sure which.  So I got to see lots of animals in action chowing down.  I even fed the elephant, for a price of course.  I think that is a stroke of genius by the zoo.  Get the customers to pay to feed the animals.  Gotta love it.  So I then hit the history museum.  Another good one I'll say.  Unfortunatly I got hit pretty hard by their fucking 2 and a half hour lunch break and had to kill 40 minutes waiting for them to open again.  It was right by the zoo so I just waited it out.  They had all kinds of cool stuff from around Vietnam and stuff they'd stolen from places like Cambodia.  Oh I almost forgot, a random woman asked to take a picture with me while in the zoo.  I was also followed around by a group of Vietnamese school girls.  One of them even worked up the courage to ask my name.  Man I love being tall and white in asia.  Seems it'll get you anywhere and everywhere.   So after the zoo I went and saw Ho Chi Minh's museum.  If you haven't figured it out yet there are a ton of museums in this city and I'm a real geek so I got to all of them.  This was in a really nice building but the museum itself wasn't all that.  Maybe "uncle Ho", as he is so affectionatly known, wasn't all that cool.  I'm not sure, but his museum wasn't that's for sure.  I then got some lunch and killed the afternoon in another shopping mall type place that I just happened across.  They had a great supermarket where I scored some chips ahoy and made really short work of them.  On the walk back I went into one of the Vietnamese traditional markets and bought a pair of fake Nike pants for $5.  They're really nice but the cut on the fit is a bit ghetto.  I might need to see if I can do something about it.  I'm debating on getting a Vietnam t-shirt.  I think I want one.  But if I buy one I can't wear it until after I leave the country.  I don't want to be the tourist who is wearing the t-shirt of the country he's in, that's pretty lame right?   So here I am chilling out.  I might try and get my hair cut tonight if I can find a decent place for a decent price.  I was close to getting a massage yesterday but I blinked at the last second.  It was cheap and I think legit but I'm not sure.  I also kept getting called into these pool bars.  They always had way too many girls with too much makeup on.  I'd like to play with fire but when I'm alone it's a little more scary.  It is just better to not get involved.  They also had a lot of super nice hair places downtown.  But all the "stylists" were really hot girls and there seemed to be a lot of extra room in the back.  I'm guess for naughty extra services.  I'm curious how much just a haircut would cost.   I think I'll go out tomorrow night regardless and sample the nightlife.  The lonely planet does good outlining the hotspots.  I'll try and get out early and get back before it gets too late.  I don't need to drink any more Vietnam beer either.  I had a 333 beer yesterday and it was pretty bad.  I wonder if you put two of them together would you get 666 beer?  And would it be all unholy and stuff like that?  Doubtful.  Probably just taste twice as bad. You want to know something scary?  I saw a Lotteria!  To think people other than Koreans will eat there is just mind blowing.  I ran the other way.   I should be going to see the VC tunnels tomorrow.  That should be pretty badass. Ok time to see if I can find a barber that knows what's up.