Hey You..Lot!       Well soo my gf has said i post too many pictures and dont update! hahaa...which is kinda TRUEee...Soo Here jeann this ones for you!...well itss been 4 dayss...haha since we've got together and what a turn around suddenly live seems a whole lot more beautifool..colours seem to catch my attention..gurls on the road seem to be another light post..andd yeahh i jus seem to smie a lil wider and laugh a lil louder...soo livess been good..i really do owe shalini one...actually alot coz you've got me the sweetest thing in my life...and she was always there right infront of me...thank you!       I got selected for the singapore rugga team...NOW THATS AN ACHIEVEMENT! hhaaha i've been workin very hard for it and FINALLY it has come around you actually dont understand how much it means to mme...well actually i think you do....but that was said jus to rub it in!...anyway we went for dinner afterwards a second dinner to celebrate after my dinner with the head coach..=) YIPppeEE hurrayyy!!!...hahahah well i was all smiles..actually i always amm coz of my lil missus...but jus more...hahahah you cant get any happier that i can tell ya!! soo after that we went over to addidas o get myself a pair of BOOTS! hahaha..and rugby shorts...soo yeahh LOokin forward to trainings and all...RJ was notified and yesss all my friends back home are celebrating on my behave...i'll see ya guys soon!..=) soo i miss my gf...i miss singapore i miss my parents and Mouldy...my friends my livehood but i'am happier...Coz absence makes the heart grow WAYYYYY founder! haha..yes jean?!              AnyWhoooooo..=) hahaa..TOO the one i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   you make me feel like dancingggggg hahaha!! =) and i want you to know noo amountof putting me down is going to keep me away from you..and likewise yeah..! we can get through this female dog..anytime! =) WinKSss i want you to know i love you which i say too much...but meann soo much! =)..but you jus really make me feel like dancing! hahaha and smiling and everything good..       You are everything good in my love   I Love You Jean   Marcus