As everyone knows, today is el Dia de San Juan. Well, to be honest, I'm assuming that you all know about this special day because I've always known about it.  That is, if you consider "always" to be around 10 o'clock this morning when Glenda, a fellow professor, invited me to her and her husbands house to join them in celebrating this lovely day. Here's the gist of the day: Gather with friends Eat lots o' food Drink lots o' wine Make a fire and burn stuff (What is it with Spaniards and Fire???)  Actually, there's a very special meaning behind all that "burning stuff".  You're supposed to take a piece of paper, and write a few wishes on it.  Things you want to leave behind, things that the fire will burn away (metaphorically).  Or things you want, i.e.: a million dollars.  And when you wake up in the morning, and you look under your pillow, you'll be surprised to find........ nothing, because San Juan isn't made of money like our parents always were when we were kids.  No, these wishes are basically resolutions and hopes for the next year.  And then to show that you have the determination/courage to change the things you want to change, or the intestinal fortitude to follow the dreams you seek, you must jump over the fire.... many times...   God, I love Spanish culture.    So, there I was, half an hour outside of Madrid, in the Spanish countryside.  Not a building or streetlight to be seen for miles.  And about 12 of us sat around the fire, in Glenda's backyards, under the clear night sky, cheering on each other as we jumped.  I whipped out the guitar and serenaded the folk.  They actually were impressed that an American could play Spanish music!  Afterwards, I lent my guitar to a senorita at the party, and she and another woman sang us some traditional Spanish music.  After we made sure that everyone had gotten a chance to jump (aka: forced if they were being timid), Glenda gave us all a bunch of Rosemary to throw on the fire.  It was amazing to see the tremendous amount of reverence each person gave to the power of the flame.  Every slip of paper and every twig of rosemary were gently placed into the heaving flames.  Every single one of us stopped and stared into the red coals and flickering flames, as we pondered what we just asked for...  Respect for the fire...  As I was getting a ride back into the city,  I realized that this was the first time in 6 months that I had been out in the countryside as opposed to the city or en-route to another city on a bus/train/etc.  Damn, I need to get out of the city more... No, first, I need to find a friend with a car... hehehe.    Also, if you're every get the feeling that you don't get out of the house much, let alone the country, just get in your car, or a friend's car, and drive on the highway at night.  I don't care what country you're in, but as long as you can't see beyond those 3 lanes, street lights, and roadside McDonald's, at 1AM, they all look the same.  I swear, at times, I felt like I was getting a ride back into Hartford.  As long as I didn't pay attention to the signs written in Spanish, I could swear I'd see Sisson Ave. coming up on the left at any moment.  So, try it next time you're out and about.  Impress your friends!  Tell them you were just in Hungary, or Galway, or Denmark, or all three!  Let me know how you're travels go, and how many continents you can hit up in one night.  And yes, even the overwhelming amount of construction is the same in other countries.