It is around 3:20pm on Tuesday afternoon. I am feeling extremely drained, we have had the biggest day. But I will start off with last night. Emma, Allan and the crew finally arrived at 7:30pm last night. They looked completely stuffed, and Emma's bag was lost, she got it back this morning (bloody QANTAS) ha ha. Anyway I waited for them to shower and we headed down town to find some dinner. We stopped off at a busy little taverna in one of the narrow streets not far from our hotel. The food was absolutley devine. I had the house speciality which consisted of lamb souvalaki, and garlic sauce on pita bread with salsa type stuff on top. I don't know the greek name but it was so yummy. Al and Emma had mixed Giros, and we all left the table holding our bellies. As they were all so tired, we retreated back to our rooms for an early night.  I was up as usual at 6am. Breakfast at the hotel, and then we headed for the markets. We passed lots of flash shops, but we looked mostly at the flea markets for little gifts. We walked all the way to the Ancient Agora. The road was really dusty, and bumpy with lots of rocks etc. We wandered along the paths to the top of the mountain to the Acropolis. We saw the Theatre of Dionysos, temple of Olympian Zeus and the Odeum of Herodes. The view from the top was magnificent. As this is my second trip to Athens I was surprised how the scenary still was able to captivate me. Allan was enjoying himself, camera happy taking pictures everywhere. Once I get back I will post some on this site (I still have to invest in a digital). Al missed a perfect photo opportunity as I fell over on the steps walking down from the Acropolis, nothing hurt though, just embarassment as it happened in front of plenty of tourists, ha ha.   After a few hours of touring around the lankmarks, we headed back to the city for some lunch. We ate at a great little cafe outside the gates of the Agora City. I love Mousakka, and I stuffed myself on this. We did a bit more shopping on the way back to the hotel.   Allan and Emma are getting their stuff ready as they have rehersals at 5:30pm over at the Benaki Contempory Museum where they will perform tomorrow night. It is getting exciting.