I tried to post yesterday, but I don't think it worked. Basically, it was a convoluted stream of consciousness about how 4th of July is an overrated holiday.  I started thinking about that a little bit more on Sunday night, as I gazed at the stars in an outdoor park while straining to hear the Houston Symphony Orchestra. I think 4th of July can be overrated, but, like everything, it depends on context. The cool thing about it is: it's one of those days, each year, where you can really mark your life. "What were you doing on 4th of July 2001?" You'll probably remember. I'd argue it's that, your birthday, New Year's Eve / Day, and then one random event every five years, such as the assassination of a prominent figure or the death of a loved one. Milestone days, that's what I mean.  I'm glad Coach K decided to stay - better for college basketball in general, better for the ACC (which is trying to become a conference dedicated to big money football), and better for the Lakers (he would have sucked). Now, the Lakers probably take Rudy T, keep Kobe, and send Shaq to Dallas. Wow, the Spurs are def. gonna win the West next year - and mark my words, the Grizzlies get a top five seed, even with the Hornets entering the conference.  Not that anyone cares, but I'm saying if I was Kerry, my order would be: Edwards, Vilisack (sp), Gephardt.  Not that anyone cares, but where's Mario Cuomo's speech at the DNC?  4th of July really inspired a Norman Rockwell style bullshit spirit in me - you know, seeing kids frolic on a grassy plain and make up rules to their own games, seeing couples snuggle on blankets, and random 40 year old single guys with Coors Light bottles staring at the sky. 4th of July, in some sad and some amazing ways, really is the essence of America: laid back, detached, yet at the same time, oddly passionate.  Doesn't someone wish Michael Moore would make a documentary about NIKE and Phil Knight?  People are making a big deal of the fact that the NL All-Star outfield is Griffey, Bonds, Sosa. Woo f'n hoo. Check this: the AL infield? Giambi, Soriano, Jeter, ARod. Hehe. That coulda been this year's Yankee infield.    Question of the Day   Does the Koran truly justify violence?