cant sleep.... its in my chest and in my throat... whats wrong, something. what? something doesnt feel right, or is it the sad excuse for the blue inside me... whats going on, whats wrong, theres someting bothering me. whats happening, i want to know why... why cant i sleep, why am i never tired til the light. its all forced but completly usless... theres something pushing to get out, its almost there. but what is it... whats so temped to escape, must know and know now. i cant be what you..... you stop in mid sentance to play? your hiding it, you dont believe yourself but is it really that true. can you think that after the time spent, theres no way... you wont allow it, not now, not after all this. it cant be, but you feel it and.... want it? is that truth im hearing from your mind? or is it the blue?... you stop again, what does this mean, are you trying to tell me something... lying to yourself wont get you anywhere... it will only make the push and all the blue worse. you can lie about this, it will haunt you and hide in your shadow... there is no escape from this, make it known. your afraid of the pain it will cause, and the losses that will occur... you cant cause pain, you cant make it worse for the light... play and quit, keep it up. there cant be more pain, its grown so big... theres nothing to do but hold... youve done this and the pushing is still there, your chest still has all the pressure it had before, what is it!! cmon! deeper!! think!!! it has to be this! what was going on, what the fuck was it, you must know! but musnt ever ask, or cause pain. stop and see, is there more of the light than there is all the crap you dispise so much. sure, make up and kiss... works every time, but theres always a little piece left behind, it adds to all the other pieces and never goes away. they get so big, but has there really been that much pain for yourself to have such a problem now? cant you ever stop, cant you ever think of the others... make up your mind you fucking maniac, make up your fucking mind. are you more selfish than youve ever thought, is that why the light has to stay? or is it true, is all that true to you... thats it....