Yeah, I know I'm quoting the Eagles with this one. Okay, so last night I'm online looking up information on Portugese explorers and working on my lesson plans, when out of nowhere I get a random IM from my ex, the first Joe.  Now, I had NO idea what he was talking about, and the minute I replied he goes off line and disappears for the rest of the night, at least under one name (he has two). So I'm thinking okay he IMed me on accident, stranger things have happened.  I get to thinking that he hates me, which I'm pretty sure of, and I have to admit for good reason.  It occurs to me that he thinks that I broke up with him through a friend, this is and isn't nessecarily true.  That was the frist time I broke up with anyone and didn't quite know how to go about it.  I made the cardinal mistake of telling a friend of mine that I was thinking about it, she in turn told the entire world.  She even went so far as to tell my best friend (at the time)'s girlfriend that we were sleeping together, which couldn't have been further from the truth.  I have since learned, you NEVER tell this girl ANYTHING!! The only reason I still talk to her (she drives me insane) is because her husband is a very dear friend of mine.   I handled the whole situation badly.  I had tried to tell him that I needed space,  that I needed time away from him, away from a lot of things, but he wasn't really willing to give that.  I don't regret what I did, but I'm not proud of myself afterwards.   Several months after I ran into him at the flickers.  He was in line with his new chicky and I was in line with mutal friends of ours.  I said "hi" tried to make polite conversation. Partly to be nice, partly because I was genuinly interested in his life.  I still cared about him, I still do care about him.  Now I was jelous, and medicated and just through another (rather horrible) breakup and some things were said (by both parties, at least by me and his new chicky) and I think the whole thing was blown out of proportion.  Now nothing can justify my behaivior, I realize that. But surely he knew me well enough to know that sometimes I say things long before I really think about it.  "Open mouth, insert foot." It's really quite sad, and I know I've paid for everything I've done (related to him and unrelated) on a karmic level.   I wish I could apologize to him personally.  I hope that he doesn't hate me too much. And the last thing in the world I want is for him to think of our three years together as wasted time.  Because it wasn't, at least not for me.