it's been an alright day.  did lots of errands, then scott and me worked at the new starbucks for several hours.  came home, ate dinner, read a little, setup my telescope finally since the motor came back repaired a couple weeks ago... talked to laura felch on IM for the first time in ages; i like talking to her; funny how some friends kinda slip in and out of the picture depending on what's going on... funny in an unforunate way... but the slipping back into the picture is a good thing =)  perfect stargazing weather tonight too, but for some reason, everyone felt the need to work tonight, so i set it up looking out my window... fortunately said window looks west, and at 9-10:30pm, while i was stargazing, that's where jupiter and the moon were.  riddle me this: what does it say of my fine motor skills that i could find jupiter a full 45 minutes before i could get the moon in the viewfinder... that's just sad...  nice and clear though... could see 4 of jupiters moon nicely too... 3 off to the left, one off to the right (only i have a reflective telescope so i guess that means reverse "left" and "right" in real life)... i watched it for quite some time... it was so bright though that i couldn't really make out stripes on jupiter itself even under higher magnification... oh well... it was still beautiful =)  after that i watched the moon for a bit... it's really cool to look at the valleys/craters right on the edge of the shadow =)  then, roommate called me back from earlier and we talked nearly an hour and a half... well maybe not quite that much but definitely more than an hour... i had lots on my mind to vent about and she's good at (a) listening, and (b) sometimes helping me put more precise/clear words on how i feel... yay for roommate =)  tomorrow, colleen's coming with me to church... i went with her to mass in january, and she's coming with me finally now =P... paul and sujith, (both a year ahead of us) are apparently meeting us there too... shall be entertaining to have a whole "rutgers math pew" in church in the AM ;-P  on that note... night y'all =P