Guess what?! I'm gonna make $250 for drinking beer!  That's the glorious thing about living on a college campus. There are ads all over campus that advertise various dodgy ways of making some bank. I could sell my eggs, or shill  steak knives  door-to-door, or stuff envelopes in my own home. But this is by far the best offer I've come across yet.  Yesterday, I was at the campus bookstore with my coworkers Kristen and Frances. I spotted a flyer hanging out of the UTD newspaper rack, and it verily screamed, "Drink Beer, Make $250!" Now, I've heard stories about Frances, and these stories often involved beer. So I passed the flyer on to her first. Yet my curiosity got the best of me while hers stagnated, so I went ahead and called the number myself. Ten minutes and several questions about  beer commercials  later, I was enrolled. By the way, my favorite part of the interview was when he asked me how many beers I drank in a typical week, I answered, "Uhhh...none?" and he said, "All righty, I'll just circle 'four' right here then."  You see, I HATE beer. I will somewhat voluntarily sip on  oatmeal stout  or  pear ale , but other than that I am totally not there. In fact, if you ever see me swilling beer, it's a reliable sign that I am utterly plastered, and you should keep your distance as I will probably be tossing cookies soon. In fact, I wish I had been able to warn others with this handy rule of thumb in the past. Truthfully, I have only been drunk enough to start carrying on with beer twice, much to my chagrin both times.  Therefore, I found it dreadfully amusing today when they handed me a big honking tumbler-full of beer and asked me for my written opinion on it. Twice. I even giggled to myself in my little semi-isolated semi-booth. They expect me to drink two cups of this stuff? Ughhh. And I have to come back and do this six more times. But $250 is  $250 , and split seven ways that equals $37 an hour, and I've got a vacation coming up and it would be nice to have a little extra to toss around for that.  So Angela the beer hater is gonna be drinking beer all week long. At least I don't have to finish all the beer. They said I could drink as little as I wanted, as long as I drank enough to form an opinion about the magnitude of the brown color, the yellow color, the clearness, the cloudiness, the appearance of carbonation, the mouthfeel of carbonation, the sweetness, the fruitiness, the sourness, the bitterness, the skunkiness, etc. etc. Maybe I'll become a  beer aficionado . Doubt it. Beer is gross. At least I am giving them my honest opinion of their repulsive product.   In short, hooray for college and these last few twilight moments as a student. I'll drink one to UTD next time.