dude, fun afternoon.  first, eric and me went to cash in our full sub club cards at subway (i.e. i got a free sandwich and just had to pay for my drink)  then, we picked up scott and colleen and saw cats and the local theater -- it was fun... i never had seen it before, the one in the subject line was my favorite song, but the whole thing was pretty impressive!  i'm tired, and have lots to do, and in general as anyone who knows me remotely well would attest to, if i'm laughing hard, i'm generally crying hard as well... when i'm tired and/or stressed, just about anything will set off the "laughing so hard i cry" so i was crying most of the evening... dude, i need to get some non-hyperactive tear glands or something... and of course, people just egg me on once i get going... before the show eric, colleen, and i were talking in the lobby and something funny had just been said when scott came back to join us, and when he commented "wow lara, i knew i could make you cry, but just me leaving you for 5 minutes is a new one", that kept me going for awhile more!  during intermission he also leaned over and asked me, "so give me your favorite 2-syllable word and i'll sing 'memory' for you", so we got "smelly, they're so awfully smelly", and "llama, when i see you i'll be riding a llama" and other crazy things.  eric gave me a hard time too... mostly making fun of my grammar as usual, when i asked at one point "so is this halftime" he gave me a hard time for saying halftime instead of intermission... at another point he laughed his head off at me that "most people say 'shhhh' when they mean, 'hey, don't repeat when i just said'... how you manage to think it means 'shhh, hey, i'm not going to answer your question' is beyond me"  anyhow, we all laughed, we all had fun, and now we're all back home -- and luckily safely at that... i don't know what was up with me... 3 times i tried to drive the wrong way down one-way streets this evening on the way to and from the play... eric started explaining about something in vegas while we were walking from my car to his dorm to look up some stuff about shows when i'll be there in july, and i started looking around while he was talking and he was like "dude, the tower i'm talking about is in nevada, NOT here!"... i'm sooo out of it!  so yeah, i'm tired, but good, and apparently highly entertaining and highly amused.  oh here's two more random facts... i have the only un-air-conditioned room in this apartment... eric and scott were sweating the whole time in the play and i was fine... i get home and i've been sweating since i walked in the door -- it's burning up in here... literally!  also, i lit a new candle last night (3 layers, all different kinds of coffee scented), and noticed tonight that the desk lamp i have on my bookshelf was apparently too close to it since now, instead of a half-sphere it's a half sphere with several plastic icicles (now rehardened) dripping off of it... funny that i didn't see/smell anything weird last night...  bother.  reading myself to sleep... night y'all!