I'm sick   Yep. Woke up this morning with a horrible headache. And all my muscles and joints felt as if I had just downed a  urlLink pan galactic gargle blaster . So I took to the supermarket, and stocked up on fruit and stuff to make me a good sinus dissolving soup. And since I know others reading this are going through sick hell as well, I thought I might as well share the recipe.   Ingredients   Chicken  - Because everyone knows that chicken soup is the best for colds. Get something boneless. Chicken breasts do well.   A ginger root  - Show those sinuses what you're made of!   Pepper  - Backup for the ginger. Also gives the soup a nice extra flavor.   Anything else you can think of throwing in a soup  - Pick whatever you want. Good stuff to add are rice, potatoes, carrots. Don't use pasta. The stuff will sit in liquid for a very long time, and the pasta will get all mushy. Hard vegetables are the best. Onions, celery are good to add flavor.   2 laurel leaves  - Two are enough.   Water  - It's water.   A deep frying pan or a wok  The latter preferred. I will use a wok for the instructions, but the frying pan will do just as well. Just make sure it can contain everything.    Preparation  Take the chicken, and cube it into bite-size chunks. Warm up the wok. You will know it's hot enough when you flick in a drop of water and it dances around without evaporating immediately.  If it evaporates right away the wok is too cold!  That is because a really warm surface will create a cushion of vapor under the drop, so the heat doesn't get as far as the water. IF you're using a Teflon-covered or other non-stick surface, then this won't work. You'll just have to use your judgment then. Cook the chicken cubes until they're browned. While those are being done, chop the veggies you have (cubes do well in most cases, carrots can also be cut into thin short strings,  slice the ginger and make them big enough to be fished out later!  Then add a cup or two of water.  Don't run off to get a measuring cup. You will add more water later anyway . Put in all the veggies, the ginger, and the laurel leaves. Add enough water to have it all stewing around. Now, here's why I prefer the wok: You can push everything to the edge and cover it. That way you can steam everything. Anyway, when the veggies are starting to soften up add pepper. More. More. You're not paying attention,  more pepper!  Alright, that's better. See, the idea is to have you actually  taste  something. You can't taste bland soup when you're sick. Cook until all the vegetables are done, and add water as necessary. This is not science, and the amount will vary depending on what you cook. Done! When consuming, don't eat the ginger slices. They're way too strong.    Variations  * Add more water to make the soup more liquid. If you add rice it will need more water anyway, the rice absorbs a lot of it. * Replace chicken for pork or beef for different flavor. But then it's not chicken soup, so I won't guarantee their effectiveness.  * Add spices to enhance the flavor. Preferred are green leafy ones: parsley, cilantro. Dries leaves are good too.  * There was something else but I forgot. Feel free to experiment.