Emilie drove for the first time, all  by herself,down the dirt road to the ranch this weekend!  Very exciting, scary and super sad.  She's not a little girl any more (well, at least not half of the time).  She looked so incredibly mature sitting behind that wheel with her hands at 10 and 2.  Trevor got out of the front seat of his now shiny Maxima.  (it wasn't so shiny then, remember the dirt.  but he snazzed it up when we got home Saturday.)  Em slid onto to the black leather driver's seat, eased her way up and up and up.  Not quite enough up for her to reach the pedals comfortably, but close enough.  She put on her seatbelt and took off.  Now she has been driving on dad's lap for quite some time now.  I think since preschool.  And it seems like maybe we let her near the pedals once b4 with him in the seat.  Anyway, I stayed in the front seat so Trev could be a back seat driver.  (imagine that ;-)  Everything went great.  Just a couple of really wide turns that didn't even come that close to sending us into barbed wire or tree trunks.  The gate was open so we sailed through.  Em says, "i don't want to park.  i don't know how to do that."  Trev says to just drive in and stop.  Well, all the dogs were running around the car giving us their usual enthusiastic greeting.  We drive past the house to the area under the trees in front of hot tub.  Trev is saying, "turn, turn!"  It is at this point I notice that we have not really ever fully described the whole hand over hand turning procedure.  Em's arms are all twisted up because she's turned as far as she can in the 10 and 2 position.  The Australian Shepherd, Sydney, is right in front of the car and the tractor is very very quickly approaching on the right.  Now I start yelling "stop, stop!" and I think mr. C is still yelling "turn, turn!"  Poor Em is just so worried that she's gonna hit the dog.  "Squeeeeek!"  She does slam on the breaks at the last second and we miss the tractor tire by at least 12 inches (maybe 8, but you have to round up in that case).  Trev and Em are arguing over what should have been said, done... and suddenly, just as soon as the adrenaline is back to normal levels, I need to burst out laughing.  I aplogize to Em, but I simply can't help it.  It was funny.  Really funny.  And kind of exciting.  The most exciting thing that's happened to me in a while in any case.  I just now asked her if she thinks it's funny yet.  Eyes bulge out of her head, "uh, NO.  What could be funny about that???"  Give her another coupla days. So the reason for our trek to 3Cranch while it's 95 degrees outside was to go see Little Women at a dinner theatre in town.  Very quaint sweet place.  Gaslight Theatre I think it's called.  We sat with a couple from somenear near Yoakum.  They have 40 acres and a garden with lima beans, cucumbers, tomatoes, eggplant and squash.  I'm so jealous.  He bales hey or something and well,  I forget already.  I just want a garden.   I couldn't hear the other two women at our table.  I think they were from near Yoakum as well. Forrest got stuck sitting at a table with some people and their white haired children.  The man was I guess my age and apparently thought he was going to see Grease.  haha.  He was not happy.  He was appalled that an outsider would be sitting at his table (no offense to you sir, but...).  So they left after the first intermission.  Forrest moved down with us.  It was really cute.  Em fell in love with the girl who played Amy.  She was really good.  Very animated.  I bawled my eyes out when Beth died.  Why do I cry every time she dies?  I know she's gonna die, yet still the tears. Forgot to mention that Em redeemed herself with a flawless driving experience on the way to the show.  (just down the dirt road, not the highway!!!) We have bagworms in one of the pecan trees and in that tree in the front that I don't know what it is.  I cut off the ones that I can get to.  I don't know what bagworms are, but I don't think they can be good.  They're like that scene in Lord of the Rings when that gigantic spider wraps him up in that coccoon thing.  They just wrap up little sections of the tree.  I'm gonna research them now and figure out what to do.