It's day two of the first summer session at UC.  I have a buttload of reading to do, every night for the next three weeks.  But I can do ANYTHING for three weeks, right?  Right.  Just now, I'm reading stuff for Intro to Women's Studies.  Thought-provoking stuff.  Not so much the political bits, but the personal revelation that seems, so far, to be so much a part of feminist writing.  They all have a story, and share it as part of their academic rhetoric.  Dorothy Allison is tonight's assignment, and is particularly interesting.  She grew up in deep poverty, but managed to complete advanced degrees and find success in her field.  Her wavering ambivalence toward her family and background is fascinating.  While I grew up solidly middle-class, I can relate to the sense of ambivalence she expresses toward both her roots and her new milieu.  I, also, have chosen a path that takes me places different from those habited by my family.  I'm a granola-type, surrounded by would-be social climbers.  I just can't see the point of changing my values to suit those of my neighbors, but that seems to be, in large part, what my sister would do.  She dithers perpetually between being a career woman (retail being the only place for a woman without a college education to move upward at all), and being a full-time mother.  She never spends more than a couple of years at any job, and invariably leaves because of some personal conflict in her work-place.  She has a highly-developed sense of entitlement, coupled with the unsurprising inability to compromise and work well with others.  She makes friends, they discover one another's weaknesses, then she dumps them, all within at work.  So she has to leave, but it is never her fault.  I haven't really had a job in such a long time that it's hard to imagine committing to a permanent position.  I can think of things I'd like to do, but cannot conceive of doing them long or well.  In the next year, I have to choose between a job and further education.  A job would be something in the public eye at a non-profit of some sort:  special events, PR, that sort of liberal artsy-fartsy thing.  Further education would either be a teaching certificate or an MBA to make me more attractive to the non-profits.  I hoping that the Cosmos or God, or whoever's in charge these days, reveals a direction for my efforts.  I'll have 1-1/2 years of alimony left when I graduate with my BA, and I feel like any education I want to get has to be accomplished within that window of opportunity.   Unrelated to Any of the Above   I hate using common phrases like:  "window of opportunity."  It seems like I should be able to come up with my own metaphors to express my feelings, rather than leaning on these trite phrases that are so overused by hack writers.  But I'm not a  writer , really, so I guess it's ok if I'm not completely original, right?