it was prechi's birthday the other day and today we went to celebrate it in McDonald's. i had such a blast! we first walked all the way to Heights[a studio] and it took us almost an hour before we could have our pictures taken. why? there were like 23 of us in the small place and bad thing was there were some students from other schools and we were there in so much chatter. it's okay, we had fun. then when we arrived in McDo, the lines to the counter were soooo loooong! we were there for like almost half an hour. there were also some lourdesians but it's cool. when we ate, i found out a lot! i ate with prechi, sarie, chrizelle and lara in one table. man, lara and sarie are so funny and warm. so was chrizelle and prechi. i thought sarie was snobbish because she looked like she was. turns out sh'e as goofy as lara. after an hour or so, my friends went wild. they were so high from eating and laughing that they became so happy! then, one by one, people left and only the five of us were left. i ate like 3 large fries but i don't know wy i don't feel full at all. i had so much fun!  *** this morning, i decided to hang out with chrizelle and prechi in front of the school pond near gate 1 since i arrived in school early. it was really relaxing there! i found good and comfortable compnay with my classmates. i'm so glad i'm in the class of section 6! people here are so energetic and happy. there wasn't a day when i was shy to be wacky or weird. there wasn't a day when i was gloomy as hell. i'm gonna have so much fun this year!  *** our class is generous in a way that we cheat a lot. it's no biggie since our class secretary, whose really honored, cheats. we don't do it all the time, just often. and we share food in the middle of Filipino class because mrs. catindoy doesn't see us anyway. we keep on talking and laughing in the middle of class and even outside. teachers have named us as the class of unbelievably hyper pupils. at least, we ain't sluggish!^_^  *** i dunno if i should talk to jammi. i'm kinda still pissed off at him even when i told him wasn't anymore.