urlLink Professional Development of Principals. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Fenwick, Leslie T. - Pierce, Mildred C.   From the ERIC Digest:  Societal changes have stimulated new pressures on schools and those who lead them. Technology, demographic shifts, redefinitions of "family," testing and accountability, decentralization and site-based management, violence, changes in the economy, new court mandates related to desegregation, various legislative initiatives such as school vouchers, and the press to privatize have created a web of conflicting demands and expectations for school principals. These changes have resulted in "a turning of the role of principal 90 degrees from everywhere" (Prestine, 1994, p. 150).   Contemporary models of school reform acknowledge the principal as the passport to school success. The modern principal is no longer the "principal" teacher, but rather the manager of an increasingly complex organization. Principals today are expected to create a team relationship among staff members, acquire and allocate resources, promote teacher development, improve students' performance on standardized tests, and build effective community linkages (Drake and Roe, 2002; Pierce, 2002).   Additionally, principals are supposed to interact with teachers, parents, community members, and students. Strong collaboration and instructional skills have replaced strong bureaucratic skills as important attributes of effective principals (Drake and Roe, 2002; Neufeld, 1997). In many respects, the demands on principals mirror those on teachers who are attempting to become facilitators of children's learning and are rethinking their notions of content, pedagogy, and assessment (Neufeld, 1997). Principals need continuous professional development opportunities to support their efforts toward school improvement and revitalize their commitment to creating and sustaining positive learning communities (Foster, Loving and Shumate, 2000; Evans and Mohr, 1999; Neufeld, 1997).