I haven't had internet access since last week - since we moved into our house and the cable wiring is messed up.  Thus we can't hook up our cable internet and our phone lines were having problems too.  But now our phone lines are back up so I'm using dial up connection.  It's amazing how I rely on internet so much now, I was about going crazy this week without it!  But I am okay now, and I can finally post all that has happened.  A lot.    We are in our house.  I have everything unpacked except for one room - my office.  But hopefully I will finish that this week.  We love everything so far.  Except for the cable wiring.  And soon we will start painting everything.  There is only one room that we don't want to change.  The purple bathroom.  Really, it's cool.  Yesterday I had my 3rd interview for the homeschooling job.  I found out I was up against one other person.  They said that they would let me know by today.  And at 3:30 today the phone rang and it was them...they offered me the job!  I accepted and am thrilled beyond belief.  I still can't believe I got it!   I am going in tomorrow to meet the girls I will be teaching and work with the current teacher to look over curriculum and things like that.  I am excited.  And then today is my wedding anniversary, two years ago today Kyle and I were getting hitched.  He was so sweet, he came home with flowers and this perfume I've been wanting and other nice little presents.  Then we went out to dinner to celebrate life.    I talked to my mom today and was telling her how much is going so well right now.  My life is pretty much perfect, I said, so what is going to go wrong?  Something has to go wrong, it's just too good.  My mom said that God gives us seasons of joy and to be glad for those.  Yes, but my season has lasted for over two years!  And it just keeps getting better.  And what about seasons of sorrow?  She said that a season isn't just six months, it can be a while and to be glad for it.  More than that though, God is what gives joy, and by following God and making good choices joy results.  It was good to talk to her.  It is getting late and I actually have to get up for work tomorrow.  Later.