I think Koreans can listen to the same songs over and over again and never get tired of them.  I base this on the fact that downtown they have these cd and tapes vendors who just blast out one song the entire day and never change.  This goes on for weeks.  I'd go insane if I had to put up with that crap. I'm not going to bother elaborating on any of my previous blogs.  I just can't be bothered.  I know there is more I'd like to put in but really it doesn't matter.  I have some friends from Seoul coming in town on Thursday.  I need some people to hang out with me and entertain them.  They are all girls, 1 American and 3 French.  Let me know if you're free.  The strangest thing happened today.  I chatted with an ex-girl friend of mine that I thought hated me.  We haven't spoken in almost 2 years.  Needless to say a lot of things have changed.  She sent me an e-mail out of the blue and I looked her up on AIM.  It was really good to find out that she doesn't hate me, or at least she'll talk to me.  I would write more but it's a pretty personal subject.   I went to a new burger place by Seattle's best.  I have to say it's pretty darn good.  I splurged and went total American style with a burger, fries and a coke.  Little pricy but really good.  Free refills on coke rule.  I've been slacking off at the gym and I'm so pissed at myself.  Why have I been so damn busy lately?  Where does my time go?  Apparently since this latest Korean war epic has been doing so well they're going to make another war movie but this time it is going to portray the Americans as the bad guys some how.  I'm sure of the details but Steve was telling me about it.  I hope they enjoy it b/c what they don't realize is that Americans could care less.  I think most Americans don't even know exactly where Korea is.  It just frustrates me the way they are so ungreatful towards Americans here.  I know GI's are idiots and I don't expect them to bend down and kiss our royal white asses but man you think they'd at least appreciate the fact that we are keeping their militant, communist neighbor to the North at bay.  But alas no.  There was a poll taken in the newspaper a while back and went something to the effect of, more younger Koreans thought the U.S. was a bigger threat to South Korea than North Korea.  Man what are they smoking?  Ugh, I guess I just need to vent.  Ok I have to meet Gyeh-son.  Fuck spell check.