Well here I am waiting for stuff to pickup downtown.  Seems a lot of people are MIA tonight.  Fountian and Caleb are taking it easy.  Gabe and Korean Lois might come out, no verdict yet.  Asma, Becky and Sarah are all up in Seoul, and I'm in the PC room.  I think I'd be drinking somewhere but I just ate a huge pork cutlet and I think it needs to settle first before the craziness starts up.  I went to the restaurant with the old lady on it.  First time I've been there but it won't be the last.  As a warm up they serve you icecream.  Unfortunately I got the purple kind which kind of tasted like Play-doh.  The food was great though.  I used to pride my self on having an exceptional memory but I just ran into someone on the street who called me out by name and I have no clue where I met this guy.  He did look vaguely familiar.  He said he wanted to meet me later in GR.  Maybe I'll be there, maybe not.  I was supposed to hang out with a girl tonight but turns out her mother fucked her hand up and she had to take her to the hospital.  Just my luck.  But no biggie I'll see her another time.  I called the new dude Tim and Andy's old number but nothing there.  I figure he probably got Andrew's old apartment since he is teaching in the same place.  I'm a little tired, this is the quietest and nicest PC room I think I've ever been in.  I might take a little nap here.  I thought about reading in Seattle's Best but I've been there way too much lately and I'll be there tomorrow in all probability.   Last night was actually a lot of fun.  I started slow and picked up.  It lasted a little long for my taste so I think that's why I'm a little tired.  It was supposed to be guys night out but Fountain and Gabe were no shows.  So it was up to Caleb and I to keep the tradition alive, and this we did.  We started by eating John Bacon Burgers at Bennigan's.  I know we played into every white stereotype there is but who cares the burger really is awesome.  When the waitress came up she asked us if we wanted the burger.  I wanted to explain I eat Korean food all the time and the only time you see foreigners eat is at Bennigan's.  But didn't say shit and instead just ate the burger.  It was damn good too I might add.  We then hit the board game cafe.  I think I might be falling in love with this place.  Caleb and I played some crazy game that required a lot of thinking and I was just not up to the task.  We were helped out by a nice girl who worked there and spoke some pretty darn good English.  She said she was glad to meet us b/b/c we were very handsome.  This being the case I got skunked.  Kennon showed up shortly after and we then switched games.  This next game I kick some ass at.  It was a horse racing game where you move all the little horses around the board and you have to bet on horses and so on.  Every time at least 2 of my horses placed and I always made the most money.  Brian, Sarah and Alex also joined and we played some scrabble.  I felt I made some pretty good words, but we could never hit any of the really good squares to get a fat score.  We closed the place down at 2 and then moved to "The Pulse".  This is a new place which currently has dancing girls outside of it.  How do I know?  Because I just walked by it.  He we made a mad blitzkrieg attack on our sobriety my downing soju and beer.  I think it worked a little.  We played some really awesome drinking games to boot.  The finger game made a come back and the categories game was a hit as well.  Next was BB.  It wasn't really happening but it was fun.  We danced and they played the "welcome to Atlanta" song upon my request.  I was pooped and headed home after.   So what will happen tonight?  I don't know.  I'm going to meet up with Meabh and Eillee and whoever else at TC.  Man I hate that place but oh well.  I hope to make it somewhere else later.  I think I enjoy starting early like 8 or 9 at a Korean style place.  I think I'll hit Bellagio before I go to TC.  Tune in tomorrow to find out the exciting conclusion.