chatted w ZY until 3 plus..mm..first time really chat with him.everytime like so rush lydat..haha..  well,n tt's why today almost dun wanna come for the first lesson. cannot wake up.  today when i was coming to sch, mel smsed me saying she just woke up and will be missing dbms. then kp smsed me the same thing too.  so me,ck n clemens went to class together. n the classroom was like...how empty. 6 of us become 1 of me. then later shu hui came. then wz. qiuling mia.    without kp n mel, nobody to really talk a lot w. so i actually cld pay more attention in dbms. hee..opps! dun scold me! but i think i now understand more wat is the crappy dbms ERD all abt. =)  now in morg prac. sitting right at the back. the last row. first time. normally we sit at the first row. haha..but doesn't mean sit at the back can surf net n dun listen la. when we sit in front we also surf net n dun listen. we even slept. hahahhahahahahhah...  today so tired. later after sch got CCC. very happy! now i like CCC..last time i still remember i everytime dun wanna go. haha.. but later got CCC. sure v late go hm one..then too tired, wun be able to do GDIT. wah..cannot make it la..ck finished le leh!!! he did 4 times le leh n finally decided on the last one. wah...he everytime super fast one leh..must ask him to take me as his disciple..hahahhahaha...to learn the skill of doing work fast(xun4 shu4 gong1 zuo4 fa3)..crap la..  oh yes! just now was saying today shu hui she wear jeans n black top like mel lydat. haha..the legs short short. heh heh...no la, but the dressing style like mel. haha..then when we came back from fc4 we kept imitating mel. hahahhahaha...so funny. shld let mel herself see man..let her noe how she is like everytime..hahahah..ok la, later she read this she'll come n heck me with her parang..oh no~!  okok i better go. gotta do practical le. byez~!! muah muah~!    p/s: happy birthday to joan, mrs ler and jinghao..hope you guys have a gd day! enjoy this day tt the Lord has given you!! Cheers~!