Oli rang me on Thursday, and we had a chat and as I put the phone down, the relief that spread through my body was just unbelievable. He's fine. He was just stressed about finding a new flat for his 2nd year because he felt like his flatmates all had loads more money than him. Phew!  So, on to cheerier things: 2 gigs this weekend! Friday night saw the return of Hidden In Plain View and (swoon) The Early November, this time at the Little Civic in Wolverhampton, the only local gig venue I hadn't been to besides Flapper & Firkin. Hidden In Plain View were much improved from their performance at Academy last week, the practice must have done them some good! Yourcodenameis: Milo (yes that is their name), however, were not such a great prospect. They had decent enough songs, but they were possibly the least charismatic band I have ever seen live. Ever. They just sort of... stood there. The Early November, of course, were fantastic- witty, sociable, in time and armed with a bunch of really cool songs, they get better and better every time I see them.  The Little Civic is the oddest venue I've ever been to; for a start, it has carpet, and the walls are covered, several times over, by tour posters. Someone's written "STUPID TOWNIES" on the So Solid Crew one. Ha. And someone drew glasses and a moustache on Amy Lee's face, which also amused me greatly.  Went shopping on Saturday for much needed jumpers, after I realised that the only ones I have are giant ones that you wear on a Sunday morning when you've got your period and haven't washed your hair. Bought three; Stripy one from Gap for £6.99 (reduced from £36, Kerching!), and two others from H&M, one stripy and one plain blue. Also got some new Dreadys from Editions, proper ones with a fixed waistband and a fly! *silly grin* They're soooo nice and comfy and I will wear them all the time for ever and ever. Obviously I will have to wash them at some point, but we can cross that bridge when we come to it...  Went to the final local gig venue I'd never been to, Flapper & Firkin, last night to see Edd's band Echidna play live. They were surprisingly good, quite punky and tuneful but also, unlike other local bands I've seen, in time with each other. Kat has just informed me that one of Sean's friends fancies me and I cringed inside every time Kayla mentioned Rich, but other than that it was a good evening. Went to Hard Rock Cafe, where I ran into Draper while waiting outside for my mum. Gave him a hug for his 18th birthday and was puzzled by his purchase of a £9 cigar. Oh well.  So, all's well that ends well and everything is back to normal. Dammit.  Ceff x   Don't get me wrong if I'm acting so distracted