Hello, and welcome to SPRT -  Science in Pursuit of Religious Truth .  That's the name of this blog, and here's our slogan:  "The only thing keeping you from seeing SPIRIT here is two i's."  Rather catchy, huh?  It just came to me a couple of weeks ago, and I decided it was worthy of a blogspot.  Let me tell you a little bit about what this weblog is for.  The name may sound counterintuitive, but it is born of my own personal experiences.  As an educated woman, an attorney, a professor, and a free-lance writer, I have often found myself struggling to explain and justify Christian (and Catholic) positions on various issues on the basis of science, rather than tenets of any particular religious faith.  I've always been amazed - and disappointed - at the "conflict" between science and religion.  Why should these two be at odds with each other?  My thought is, if, as we believe, God is the Creator of all things, then God is also the author of the systems by which all things work.  From gravity to psychology to nuclear physics, God would be behind it all.  To seek the truth, then, through science, is a profoundly religious quest.  And to test the validity of religious beliefs through the scientific method is neither blasphemously skeptical nor an expression of impermissible doubt.  Instead, it is utilizing the faculties that God gave us.  Any religion that claims to have the truth should embrace science, not fear it.  For to find truth is to find God.  If the beliefs of a particular religion cannot withstand scientific scrutiny, then those beliefs will of necessity be discarded, or else the religion itself will eventually wither and die.    (Galileo's proof that the earth revolves around the sun - and not the other way around - comes to mind immediately.  The Catholic Church excommunicated him for this.  But it was proven to be true.  And lo and behold, the Catholic Church survived this "revelation".)  Religions that depend upon their members remaining uneducated or ignorant cannot survive.  Humans cannot remain deliberately ignorant indefinitely.  It is against our nature.  Our Created nature.  I can already hear the heated objections of the scientific skeptics and the believers.  And I intend to argue my points against these objections, one by one.  Additionally, I intend to use this weblog as a place to find scientific evidence in support of positions taken by those of religious faith on social, moral, legal and political issues wherever possible.  I have a number of thoughts that I intend to post later tonight - or perhaps tomorrow.  But this is enough for now.  In closing my very first weblog posting, I welcome all persons of good cheer, benevolent intent, and sincere intellectual curiosity, whether you consider yourselves to be persons of faith or not.  More later! /Prairy P.