I have always admired Babe Ruth. He hit 714 homeruns. He ate hot dogs and drank beer and had a belly sticking over his belt. He also seeemed to love being Babe Ruth. I like when someone loves who they are, or at least love the character they have created.  I always get annoyed at tv stars who complain the role typecast them and they could never find any other work. I mean I am sure it happens all the time but look at Cary Grant, people really only wanted to see him be Cary Grant and when he felt he could not do it anymore he just left show business.  Not the Bob Denver or Gary Coleman are in the same league with Cary Grant.  Still Gilligan and Arnold should be satisfied with the work they have done, the lasting impression that they left in this one role.   But this is about 714 and reasons I like the number. It used to be the number stamped on Qualudes, which to my knowledge I have never taken. Downers never were something I associated with fun.  It was funny to watch people who took them as a recreational drug at a party though because they would always be falling down and stuff.  I like when people fall down in a funny way. One time this woman I worked with in a hospital kitchen fell down on a grease spot while holding a big scoop of flour that flew into the air creating this huge cloud. No one could tell if she was allright at first because of the cloud then she emerged just covered in this flour so she looked a little like the pillsbury doughboy. We could not help but laugh and when she got to the mirror she did too.  I also saw this guy, who had been taking down the grease traps, step on the shelf of the deep fat fryer (it was not on, so no hot grease)and flip it over and then fall repeately as he tried to escape from the pool of grease.  That was pretty funny as well.    My first address was 704 but I always told people it was 714. I was not lying I just always forgot and knew it started with 7 and ended in 4.  I also like counting by sevens aspect of it and would probably also like 71,421 if a needed to pick a 5 digit number or if I could ever get 714-2128 as a phone number I would feel pretty darn special.