I never thought i'd be glad to be back at work!  This weekend had the potential to be good, but it sucked.  Friday night I didn't really do anything watched some movies and passed out early.  Saturday I went to the apartment office and took the release that Cop had signed so that I can get my new apartment.  Well, the trick in the office said that I would have to sign a new lease for either 6 or 12 months to get the new apartment.  Ummm... fuck that!  I'm not stayin in this ghetto ass complex for another 6 months or a year.  So I told her nevermind, I'll just keep the 2 bedroom apt that I live in now so I can leave in 3 months.  I haven't talked about where I live before, but believe me it's not cool.  Within the first month that I lived there a cop pulled me over and asked me if I was lost.  Then he told me that I don't belong in an area like this, so I better move because he doesn't want to take me out in a body bag.  Hmmmm... do you think I listened?  Nooooo.  Of course not.  9 months later, I'm still there.  There are shootings, fights, car jackings, tons of drugs, robberies, rapes... you name it.  The ghetto bird flies over every single night.  So, yeah, living by myself doesn't really sound appealing.  On Saturday night I was up watching TV at like 1am when someone jiggles the door knob on my front door, then they start shaking it really hard, then they start kicking it, like trying really hard to kick it in.  So I grabbed my phone, ran in Cop's room (he wasn't home by the way) and got his gun.  I called 911 and the dumb bitch was telling me to go look and see if someone got in, i was like "jesus christ you suck at your job!"  So finally, after 12 minutes the cops got there and said they didn't see anyone outside, to lock up, be safe, and call if anything else happens.  Blah blah blah... On Sunday I called FBI and told him what happened, and asked if he would help me get something to protect myself like pepper spray or a gun or something.  He asked what I wanted and I told him a gun.  He said he'll have one for me by the time Cop moves out.  He also said he will come and fix my sliding glass door, to make it safer.  God, I love him.  Ok, I don't actually "love" him, but he is great!  OH!  I also asked him about the wedding and he said yes, but then remembered he's going out of town for training on Friday so he won't be here.  He apologized like 100 times, it was very cute.  Ok, I'm tired of typing.  See ya!