Yesterday, I overheard a couple of undergads talking. One was telling the other that she was wearing red and white that day out of protest (or maybe it was solidarity something along those lines). Apparently, there was a "very offensive" article in the  urlLink  Cornell Review  . She hadn't read the article, but had only heard about it. She thought that it was racist (though she wasn't sure) or something like that. Some students had staged a sit-in on the quad regarding this article. She was lamenting that she missed the sit-in. But, the sit-in organizers had also apprently urged students to wear red and white in protest to the article. Again she had not read the article.  That really bothered me. Its one thing to read something be offended by it and take action. Its another to take action because someone tells you to. Mindless activism is a bit of an oxymoron. Activism, by definition is active. Simply doing something because someone else tells you to or because it seems to be the "in" thing to do, is not activism in my book. Maybe that's just my book.   This was a constant problem during my undergrad. Students would join the students for social justice (SSJ) and protest everything under the sun, without any real understanding of what they were protesting. Once, my sophomore year, there was a group of students in the dining hall who asked me to sign their petition to asking the federal government to create a regulation requiring food manufacturers to put lables on genetically modified food. Someone approached the table the same time I did. She asked what this was all about. The long haired hippy guy responded "Because we don't want THEM fucking with our FOOD!!" The girl signed the petition. That wasn't a good enough answer for me. I mean, yeah food manufacturers are always fucking with our food. Pasturization is fucking with our milk, but I don't see anyone starting petitions against pasturization. I'm quite happy they invented it. Needless to say, I didn't sign their petition.  Its okay to be passionate about something, but you have to know what you are talking about. And you have to think through your activism all the way. Just saying X is bad isn't enough. You have to think of real reasons of how you can change X. Another example from the SSJ highlights this. For at least 2 years they protested the Taliban. They would dress up in Burquas and walk around campus handing out anti-Taliban pamphlets. The U.S. should do something about the Taliban and the awful way they treat women. So, when the U.S. finally goes and uses military action to take down the Taliban, what do the SSJ do? They had a sit-in on the quad. When they were protesting the Taliban, what did they really expect the U.S. to do?  Don't be an activist for the sake of being an activist. Know a little bit about what you are protesting. Do research on your own. If you want to wear red and white in protest of a supposedly racist article in the Conservative student newspaper, go for it. But for God's sake, read the article.  urlLink  postCount('108224423939077093');