Here's my 4th article   urlLink Bulldogs maul Eagles with 24-run output  This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press Thursday, April 10, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ LANCASTER - Before Lancaster baseball fans had time to sit down at Wednesday's game, Highland had already put the game out of reach.  The quick-start Bulldogs put 13 consecutive men on base to begin the game. They went on to trounce the Eagles 24-9 in a game shortened to five innings by the 10-run rule.  Highland scored 11 runs before Lancaster recorded the first out of the ball game.  "I've never seen something like that in my life," said Lancaster head coach Doug Martin. "They hit everything we threw up there. They hit it hard and to the right spots. They did exactly what they needed to do."  Everyone in the Bulldogs starting lineup had at least one hit.  "This was the first game where the entire lineup produced," said Highland head coach Todd Zucker. "It's a confidence boost."  Tom Sneden, Casey Hefler, and Ryan Cowen each drove in four runs for the Bulldogs in the first inning. Cowen had a home run in the inning.  Highland pitcher John Chavez helped his own cause with a perfect day at the plate with four hits in four at bats.  In the fifth inning, the Bulldogs walked six Eagles batters.  Lancaster's Josh White made them pay with a monster grand slam to center field, although it was not nearly enough for the Eagles.  Despite the convincing win, Zucker looks ahead.  "We're not going to score 20 runs every game," said Zucker. "We're not this kind of team. Everything has been close for us this year. We have a big game coming up with Quartz Hill. We're trying to gear up for that."   Things got tense in the fourth when Highland, ahead 16-0, pulled a double-steal on Lancaster.  "It's unwritten baseball protocol that you don't steal when you're up by that much. It was frustrating," Martin said. "[Zucker and I] are friends off the field so that kind of surprised me. But once you step on the field, it's a whole different thing."  Apparently, Zucker was repaying a debt from last season.  "Lancaster destroyed us last year," said Zucker. "Now we're even."  After the Highland pulled the double-steal, Lancaster pitcher James Truitt drilled Highland batter Luke Organ with his next pitch.   Truitt was promptly taken out of the game. The umpire warned both benches.  "Lancaster has very intense coaches. They're very competitive," said Zucker. "Lancaster is going to come out angry next time we play them. We have to be ready."   Highland 24, Lancaster 9   Highland (15)01 53 - 24 23 1  Lancaster (0)02 07 - 9 4 3  Phipps, Truitt, and Lane. Chavez, Velasco, Elam, Tepper, and Rico. WP- Chavez. LP- Phipps.  2B- Rico (H), Tepper (H), Sundberg (L). 3B- Rico (H). HR- Cowen (H), White (L).  Records-Highland (8-4, 4-0). Lancaster (5-8, 1-3)    I guess the article tells it all.  I liked it when the pitcher drilled the batter after the double steal.  I can sympathize when a team is getting beaten that badly.  It reminds me of my days as a ballplayer at good old Burr Oak High.  We were bad.  Something like 1-33 one season and 3-32 the next.  It was terrible.  We would just get murdered.  22-3, 19-7, 26-5, were all common scores in my baseball career.  So I know what these guys are going though.   And that's why I like the Detroit Tigers.  They remind me of my childhood.