over the past two weeks, some amazing things have happened on television. true, amazing reality. this was, of course, in japan.  1.) a man, who won two hundred million yen, donated all the money to a city just wrecked by a large storm, wanting his name anonymous, with a false address and name. stupidity? perhaps. crazy? i guess so. kind, generous, what we could need more of (besides that large amount of donations from one person)? yes, one hundred percent. i'd say that two amazing miracles happened. that two hundred million yen (approximately 1.7 million dollars) was given to people who desperately needed to rebuild homes after massive storms, and second, that that large amount of money was actually won in the first place. somebody got lucky numbers. there was also a commerical the other day like it: it pretty much went that ONE bird COULD crap on someone's head in the city of tokyo... it might not happen to us, but it happens. i'd say that's another way of putting lottery into an analogy. a single bird flying around, maybe crapping on your head.  2.) japan and jordan played in the asian cup today. japan tied 1-1, after two overtimes, and finally went into a p.k. japan missed the first two penalties, and jordan scored them, and afterwards, japan won the next three penalties, while jordan only managed to win one of the next three. the keeper, kawaguchi, saved the next four goals, and won japan into the semi-finals. it's rare that a professional match of that level could in fact allow for the japanese to win after missing the first two penalties, and win the next four of five penalty shots, and have jordan make two, then make only one of the next five. of course, we could think of it in a few ways:  a) the next few jordan players could not shoot penalties at all, even though they made it to the quarter-finals. b) the next few jordan players could shoot penalties, just not on that day with the same amount of pressure mounting as the japanese players. c) the goalkeeper kawaguchi was a slow starter and could save miracle shots just very simply.. d) the goalkeeper for jordan couldn't save, and the first two misses were flukes against japan. e) the goalkeeper for jordan got tired.  of course, there are more possibilities, but... well, miracle for japan!