I managed to make it to the beach today after a rather wild night last night.  More on that in a minute.  I've made it to the seaside city of Sihanoukville and it's a pretty nice place.  I love it so far, very laid back and peaceful, just what I need at this point in time.  The place I'm staying seems nice an cozy and I look forward to a good night's sleep.   So I went out yesterday just with the idea to mingle, hit some happy hours and in general just break the monotony of always being in my room and asleep so early.  Mission successful to say the least.  I started by the river and wrote some postcards and then in my diary while I enjoyed some draft.  It was pretty tame as this is where all the older tourists hung out.  I was curious as to what else was around so I went to supposedly the best club in town.  Apparently it didn't pick up until later as nobody was in there.  So I walked down the street and landed in this bar called Shanghai.  I didn't know it until after I was in and seated at the bar that it was a hostess bar and all of the women were probably sex workers.  As luck would have it I sat next to this Danish guy named Ben.  He lives and works in Phnom Penh and seemed to know everything.  He was 35 and had been in Asia for a while.  He even lived in Busan for a bit.  His English was perfect and we started chatting.  He gave me the downlow on the local scene, what to do and what to aviod.  So we drank, talked to the girls and shot the shit.  At one point one of the hostesses wanted to go home with me and I had to politely decline.  I think this was an old dude hang out b/c I think I was the youngest guy in the bar.  So anyway he tells me about the Casino and how he is going there to meet his friends and that if you gamble you get free drinks.  So get this, he invites me a long and says he'll let me gamble with his money.  By this I mean anything I win would be his but it's a casino so it's not like we're going to win.  By now I've figured out this guy is a player.  I figure he'll let me play around with like $20 bucks.  Boy was I wrong he broke out $300 bucks, 2 for him 1 for me.  Shit.  Oh he had a really nice car with a driver as well.  So we're there drinking more free beer then we know what to do with and having a great time losing his money.  He's friends bailed or never showed or something, either way I never saw them.  I was doing really well for a while but then I go killed.  I finally had to call it and go home b/c I had to catch the bus this morning.  Fun, fun night.  I have to e-mail him and say thanks.   So I'm just being lazy today and doing nothing.  Tomorrow I think I'll get a bike and ride around and see what there is to see.  There are several beaches and I'd like to check them all out.  I'm not sure how long I'll stay here.  I was really wanting to get to Vietnam soon but I have to say I'm just loving the atmosphere here.