so yeah, you know what really bugs me about chick flicks? i hate to use the common term, but i think no other as aptly describes the stupid things. and there are also those chick books that men can never actually summon up enough patience to get through.  see, men want action. barring action, it's enough for us that a flick or a book has a good idea behind it. take ender's game. awesome idea. the battle room. that alone makes the book. the story, although compelling and good, is practically secondary. i mean, what would the story be without the battle room?  take spiderman. what is the point of this movie? it has none. why do so many men like it? because we want to be spiderman. i know some people disagree, but he's the best superhero of all time. why? because it could actually happen to me. yeah, yeah, it'll be in the future, and we don't have the technology, or even the building blocks of the theory, right now, but it's conceivable. and how cool would that be?  see? it makes me dream. it makes me ask the question, what if?  take any science fiction/fantasy book. why are they read almost exclusively by men? because they inspire, because they are dreams, because we ask what if, because we walk away saying, "this part was so cool..", "it would be really cool if..", etc. and you know, it doesn't even have to be in direct relation to the story. we can walk away from something and say, "geez, that gives me an idea. what if..?" see how that works?  on the other hand, the womany books out there are not about that. they aren't about dreams. they aren't about "what if?" they're about "exploring self" and "learning about relationships". men don't care about this. don't get me wrong, i'm not the stereotypical man, nor have i ever met one. but men take themselves as they are. there is no voyage of discovery or coming of age. these stories are cool simply for the reason that they are cool, not because we learn about life.  back to the future is cool because doc brown built a time machine out of a delorean, not because marty learns that "your future is whatever you make it. so make it a good one."  am i wrong? have i completely missed the point? or am i just perpetually annoyed?