I hate it when blogspot is down and I want to blog.  That happened last night but I made use of my time and wrote a few testimonials on friendster and then just screwed around on the web.  This weekend was pretty darn good.  Times are really picking up and time is starting to fly.  Friday was a cozy gathering at Gabe's.  I haven't been there since I was there last, I guess that goes without saying.  I think it was about a year ago I was last there.  I remember it b/c Caleb's mom was visiting.  There were quite a few people that showed up but nobody stayed for really long and it wasn't a very long night.  I had a good time.  Asma made some cranking soju punch which I almost single-handedly took care of.  I don't know why anyone didn't have any but whatever, their loss.  It really tasted just like Kool-aid, except that it would get you drunk.  We saw the Paris Hilton sex tape, not that great.  In interesting news on the way home Asma and I almost got killed in a cab.  You might think I'm joking but we narrowly avoided a head on collision with another car.  Had we been sober I think he reality would have sunk in.  To the best of my recollection a car crossed the center line and our cabby swerved out of the way and kept apologizing for the next 10 minutes.  Ok it is scary just typing about it now.   Saturday was fun as well.  I had a date with Oh-Ni that went well.  Unfortunately she monopolized almost my time but it was still a good night out.  She picked me up and we headed downtown.  The fact that she has car is just awesome.  We got some Japanese food and then hit up Seattle's while we waited for Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World to start.  Ok that title is just a little too long.  It is up there with Romey and Michelle's Highschool Reunion.  Anyway the movie was pretty good.  I guess I wasn't really expecting much when I went in so I was pleased.  It would have helped if I didn't have to piss like a race horse half way through the movie.  This in and of itself isn't really a big deal but then when you factor in that we were in the middle of this huge row which was packed it begins to become a real pain in the ass.  Through shear willpower I toughed it out until the end.  A good hour later I might add.  But I survived.  We then dipped into The Commune and said hello to the birthday boy Gabe.  At the time of my arrival Caleb and Gabe were plugging away at the task of opening the tequila.  As I left they had just gotten in open.  I thought I would meet up with them again but that was not to be the case.  We then hit up Bellagio and had a cocktail.  I really like Bellagio when you aren't going with like 15 people.  It is a good place to chill.  After Bellagio I called it a night and she gave me a lift home.  I love girls with cars. Sunday wasn't too special.  One of the teachers at my school quit about 2 weeks ago and invited me and some of the other teachers out to see her so I went to a place called Ha-Yang.  It is about 30 minutes outside of the city from where I am.  We ate lunch and had some coffee.  I then hung out with Oh-Ni and her friend downtown before coming home to crash.   We need to organize and go out during the week sometime.  I know you Ding Ding Dang people can't b/c you have work ass early in the mornings.  By that I mean at like 10am but whatever.  So yeah whoever doesn't have work early and reads this page or knows of people who don't work early we should all head out on like Tuesday or Wednesday night.  I think it would be a great way to break up the week.  I miss going out on week nights.   I was reading this crazy story in an English conversation book and it was about these two Chinese people.  A guy and a girl.  So the guy feel in love with this girl at first sight.  The dated for a year and he asked her to marry him.  She said no that she wasn't ready.  So what he decided to do to show her his love is that he wrote her a letter everyday for two years.  It was then delivered everyday by the same mailman.  So for two years this chick got these love letters and then she decided she wanted to get married.  About damn time right?  Well here is the twist, she ditches the dude and marries the mailman.  How messed up is that?  I would have kicked that chick's ass if I was the guy who wrote her for two years.  But that is just me.   I think LIKE is about to drive me crazy.  I think I've had all I can take of stupid lesson like "what day is it today?", and "what month do you like?".  Work is easy but the material is crap and I think I'm about at the end of my rope.   In other completely unrelated news I've started cooking and eating breakfast.  I think I never ever cooked before b/c my previous roommate wasn't the cleanest of people.  There has been a recent discovery that only reinforces that fact.  But it is far to gross to write about.  But on a health note anyone who doesn't eat breakfast really should start.  I find it really does give me more energy.   I need new glasses and contacts.  I got the cheap shit and it's beginning to catch up with me.  Yeah, that's all for now. Actually I lied.  Seeing as how I'm loaded with freetime I took the sexy quiz from Asma's page and here are the results.    Patrick, you're Hot 'n' Sexy   When you enter a room, all eyes gravitate toward you. Like a moth to a flame, people can't help but notice you. Maybe it's how you casually move through a crowd or that glow you give off when you flash that smile. You're hot and it shows. Could it be the haircut that says it all about you, the jeans that fit just right, or the casual way you saunter across a room looking confident from all angles? You have an air about you that commands respect from men and women alike. You possess such outward strength that these people ache to be around you. When you speak, people hang on your every word. You are so full of charisma and cachet that, whether in a business or social setting, you can gauge the mood in the room and offer the right compliment or provocative statement for any scene. Do you have a secret intuition about how people work? Just maybe. And that's one of the sexiest things about you.   Ok so this is somewhat laughable.  I have no clue what I answered to get these results but whatever I'll take it.