urlLink    yay work!  urlLink     as you can see i'm VERY excited about my job. i get to work at a desk and file and enter data into a computer all in a spacious and windowless office with beatuful white and sea green walls...  *pops collar*  on the good side though, i get some monetary compensation for my time.  some...   yesiree...can't you FEEL the excitement?  man, can i just say something real quick?  i'm kind of resentful that no one told me about this "quarter-life crisis" crap. i figured oprah or someone would have given me a heads up.  no wait.  i guess i was warned.  by the generation before me. the "gen-xers" whose struggles with being and feeling unmotivated, directionless, restless, and above all, misunderstood and restrained by society's expectations that they DO something productive or BE someone who contributes to society and stuff     in a timely fashion ... were so well-explored in movies like  reality bites  and other movies that starred people like winona "sticky fingers" ryder and matt dillon and christian slater...oh no, he was in  heathers  but i don't remember him being in a gen-x type flick...and...i guess ben stiller was in that crew for a minute too...  i digress.  i was warned about the "slackers."  i laughed at "slackers."  i spent my undergraduate career making FUN of people who were 22, out of college and not "doing anything" with their lives. i mean, HOW on EARTH could you be 22 and not know what you're doing with your life?  "congratulations on graduating! yay you!" "you're working where?" *laughs inside* "the MALL? on a cruise ship for the summer? as a receptionist? at your dad's construction company? as a substitute teacher???" "oh...um...that's nice." *evil snicker*  meanwhile, i failed to notice the irony in my own lack of knowing what the hell i was doing. ask me what i wanted to do once school was done and i'd confidently reply, "i want to go into social justice."  to this DAY, i'll be damned if i know what the hell i meant by that.  i sounded like a ninny beauty pagaent contestant (the likes of which i also like to make fun) with that vague shit.  i might as well had said, "i wish for world peace." or "me want good thing happen."  and now, i guess the laugh's on me. if i saw my arrogant asshole of a self at age 21, i'd seriously harm her.  i mean,  what  a   bitch  !   not that i'm a  complete  slacker though...  wait, since no one's  going  to read this anyways, i don't know why i'm lying...  i am quite clearly a slacker. i have an 8-5 that i hate to which i report at around 8:30 every morning. but i swear to GOD if i could just figure out what i want to do, i'd just go for it and do it.  provided the risk is minimal.  and i could make enough money to do what i want when i want.  and no one tells me what to do or when to do it, because i HATE that.  a spoiled, silly slacker am i.  spoiled, silly slackers are most of my generation. we don't even get a cool name either. they tried "generation y" but that's just sounds so dumb.  "generation y?" "because we hate everyone and everything."  so i don't even have the sick comfort of a trendy cliche niche of any sort from which to break, or into which to comfortably dissolve.  i feel something comparable to being lost at sea i suppose. no horizon in sight. i don't even know what body of water i'm in.  i remember not taking people seriously when they said (or wore t-shirts that said) things like, "life's not fair," or "life's hard," "it's not about what you do, it's about who you know," "suck it up, the world doesn't revolve around you."  but i guess they are right.  reality does bite.  one of these days, i just got to get the wherewithal to start biting back.