I talked to J-- today!  He is so nice and normal--not neurotic like K--!  He made me laugh.  He's very, very cute! And, he makes me feel like a brilliant, young woman. But dammit, he's NOT K!    Yes, Yes, I'm officially pining!  What the hell is my problem?  I get asked out nearly every day, and K--is immune to me.  How odd that feels to be immune to someone. I don't feel like ice, nor even cool water.  I feel like a piece of dry and brittle wood.  A long hard piece of wood that you would find in the back yard; maybe, an extra piece of fencing that you had forgotten about. But all the same it is there fading from that deep red fence color to sun blanched.  There are these little holes all about it, and on one side, it's still moist and wet from where it rests in the dirt.  I taste the moist earth in my mouth today!  I'm getting a cold too; maybe I'm love sick?  I don't know, but nonetheless, I just don't feel good today. I had to shut off the radio.  U-2, "All I want is you," was making me think, and feel WAY too much!  I'm not calling him!  Even if I have a problem with our little sweet situation, I'm not doing it.  We'll both have to figure it out for ourselves! I am a game to him, or a joke... And I don't want to be his amusement!  Since I didn't sleep too well last night, I sat up in the dark thinking about how quick K was to correct my speech!  What a polarity from EB!  I remembered how I suddenly got stupid around EB, and he was always so gracious.  He would get stupid too; we could barely remember what we were reading at the time.  LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA!!! How prophetic indeed!  But still, EB would have said, "Oh, don't worry about how you speak; I get you!"  He'd look into my eyes, and it was just clear and simple; My eyes against his eyes--a mirror!    But K!  I can never tell; it seems at times he looks at me as if he is hungry, or in search of something, and then more than often it is just a look like something you would smell in a circle k or seven eleven.  He looks at me causally as if one were deciding which pair of white socks to wear for the day...  And how I look at him?  I suppose it is a long simple glance that says, "If you only knew..." Or maybe one that says, "Touch me!"  Ok well, now I see I'm sounding incredibly ridiculous and pining away too!    I've got to go... Jumbled Chaos