Interesting day today, just barely got out of bed. I guess I was wrong about the whole staying up thing, I still like it better than sleeping thought. Well, as long as I can get up in the morning, I always go in and out of sleep... This time I had to literally roll out of bed, house was cold so that woke me up a good deal. In design tech we made prank phone calls to one of the golf courses saying we lost a ball, it sounded like they acually believed us and were concerned. "I was frolicking along with my uncle and tripped on a gopher hole, that's when I dropped my golf ball... I looked for it but never found it, can you help me"? Yeah, that was amusing. But before that we called a grocery store and had some strange Chinese accent or something... "I want to buy the meats!", "please hold... Hello, this is meats", "I want to buy the meats, the meats, MYAH MYAH MYAH!!!", "slow down sir, I cant take your order", "Myah!", "you want beef?", "no! no! MYAH!! I want Myah!!", "um... sir, we don't sell cat meat, you'll have to find a more authentic store to buy from"... *click*... What a waste of time that was, fun though. Math was like it usually was, boring and fun at the same time... I drew and talked with my old friends, acually started drawing something interesting. I've got plenty of homework today, good for me!. Then there was lunch, which is always the highlight of my school-day. I drew some more and was interrupted by Dane and Trevor, I attacked them both(Trevor by himself could snap me in half but Dane was more of a even fight ;)) ... Trevor left me alone and went to lay down eventually, but Dane kept fighting. He liked giving me indian burns, my arms are all red from it now... He held out his chest and told me to it him as hard as I could, so I did... He almost threw up, but he recovered and we kept fighting... Evenly matched we both were worn out and will continue it tomorrow. Then I went with Trevor and Adrian to eat like every day, didn't feel like going to D Block so I just had them drop me off after we were full of food and here I am writing in my journal once again...