I am  24  today!    I don’t really have anything in mind to write about today.  I mean, every time I try to think of something decent to write, my mind goes totally academic and all (Yeah right, I wish!).  This is because I have my mind totally bent on finishing all the things I need to write and finish this semester!  I do not want to have anymore INCs, for God’s sake!  Once and for all, I think I have learned my lesson!:)  So, what I’m going to do instead is post on this blog something (part of a long and very personal ‘essay’) that I wrote for the very person who means the whole world to me…  MY MOM !  I wrote this on her 58th birthday.  And, today, as I celebrate my 24th birthday, I think it is best that I honor the person responsible for my coming into this world.  She is, after all, the person I most look up to and I most want to be like.  To the very best mom in the whole world, this is for you…   ***********    December 12, 2003   December 12…  Today is the birthday of a very important and special person…  Fifty-eight wonderful years ago, in 1945, a cute, little baby girl was born.  She was the first daughter of her parents and was truly a gift from God Almighty.  She was named Potre.  This little girl came to be one of the brainiest among her peers and contemporaries.  She made clear the expressions “small, but terrible” and “girl power”.  She was loved and respected by everyone around her.  She grew up to be one of the most respected, well-loved, most intelligent women in her place…  one of the few women to have made a difference… the first Meranao woman CPA… the best wife a man could have and wish for… the best mother a child can have and ask for…  MY MOTHER !!!  My mother is the strongest person I know.  What with all the pains, heartaches, disappointments, frustrations, and ‘sufferings’ she has gone through, she has remained steadfast and untainted.  She makes the world a better place by showering love and that beautiful, beautiful smile that she always flashes all around her.  She is not perfect, for no one is perfect, but she truly is close to being perfect.  She’s beautiful, hard-working, intelligent, honest, wise, endowed with leadership, and good-hearted.  She really is the best!  She wants me to be the best in the world and I do, too (who doesn’t?).  She wants me to dream big and follow all my dreams to reality.  She wants me to go to places she never had the chance to go to.  And, the last thing I want in this world is to fail her.  She gives me hope, strength and courage.  She is my life and my soul.  Every time I’d feel like giving up, I’d only have to think and reflect on my mother for a few minutes and I realize that I just cannot, must not give up.  I definitely cannot fail her.  It’s the only thing I can give her after everything that she’s given me (us).    I believe that now is the time for me to start giving her back, even in the littlest way, the things that she gave up for me (us).  I should work as hard as I could if only to make her smile and proudly say, “My baby… that is my daughter who makes me truly happy.”  There is nothing in this world that I want more than to give my mother and father happiness and pride.  To give them back the love that they have given us and do anything and everything for them are my most important missions in life.  My success will be theirs.  All my work and achievement were, are and will forever be for them.  This is the only way I know how to repay them.  Not that it is needed in this life, but still, I know and feel that I owe them everything… I owe them my life… especially my mother.  For her, I will be the best that I can be… For her, I will strive until I reach the top… For her, I will do my best in every endeavor I undertake.  I will summon the stars and moon and reach out to them until I could touch them with my fingers and present them to the world and to my mother most importantly.  For her, I will live, love and enjoy this world.  For her, I will be the most beautiful person.  For her, I will give all.  And, at the end of it all, I shall smile, with my mother, to and at the world and sing in my loudest, merriest voice.  I do everything and live for her mainly… then for the rest of my family and my people… and then, for myself.  Insha-Allah!