Well it's official the Calgary flames lost the cup. As much as I was hoping they would somehow pull off a miracle and bring the cup back to Canada, you had to agree that Tampa was the better team. Faster and much more talented, they didn't rely on only one person (Iginla) to create all of their scoring chances.   I really do love Hockey, I think of all the sports it incorporates everything, fighting, speed, excitement, and has the hardest trophy in professional sports to win. I'm a bit disappointed though that the sport is becoming so Americanized and the changes that are reflected to the game are purely so that it is more marketable in the good ole U.S. of A.   So, as a follow up to my Blog yesterday, the drug of choice is Paxil, apparently it won't affect my sex life.  Had a good laugh at that, I think the doc thought I was crazy, meanwhile I just kept chuckling every time he said Paxil after that. So we'll see how it goes, I'm always open to new things. In my opinion this is all just another great opportunity to learn something. He also mentioned I needed to lose some weight, almost punched him in the kisser there, but then he said Paxil again, and I chuckled. The good news is I have lost 10 pounds since last week, of course it's mostly water weight, but I'll take the cudo's for it in any respect.   My darling daughter Jecynda received a 94% (A) on her end of the year project on the American Bald Eagle (a species with a hair style I can certainly agree with) and I'm extremely proud of her.  She spent a very long time researching, reading, and learning about the ABE and then a considerable amount of time putting it all together using paints, articles, pictures, and a whole heck of allot of writing and reading.    Which brings up another point, school is almost out, another two weeks and the girls will be home 24/7. Yayyyyyyy!! (Extreme Sarcasm!!) Well at least their is Horse Camp that I will be shipping them off to later in July.  :o) I so love my daughters, and I can't wait to do allot this summer as far as camping and some traveling but on the downside, peace and quiet will have left the stage for the next two months, haha.   RLB     Sex Is Like Air; It's Not Important Unless You Aren't Getting Any