Yesterday was a very interesting day. You see there's this group of Vietnam Veterans who've produced a commercial stating what they feel about John Kerry's service while fighting the war. You mean you didn't hear about it? It was all over the news. It wasn't? Doesn't the media report all the major news in an unbiased way? RIGHT, as long as your a democrat it does. By several reports that I heard on talk radio, caller, just like you an me, reported that the major news networks reported on all of the events of the day, except the commercial. So much for reporting the news. They were especially spending time on the artist who are performing in concert to raise money to support John Kerry. Bruce Springsteen was talked about a lot. I have to admit, I was always a Boss fan, being from NJ, and always took his rants in stride, because they were on specific issues and he's allowed his opinion. What scares me is this new Bruce, who has turned into a political hack and is helping to advance the lies that many Democrats and Democratic supports are spreading. Bruce spent a lot of time talking about how Joe Wilson discovered that the President lied about Saddam trying to get materials for nuclear weapons. Of course, now we know that Wilson lied, so where's the apology from Bruce? No, no apology, only a change of partisan rhetoric that really is going to cost all of these artists in the long run. Most of these people haven't had a real job in the last 20 years, so what do they know about the issues that really affect us. But, they have a right to speak, so I will let them. As I said it will only hurt them in the long run. But here's the kicker. Yesterday lawyers from John Kerry's campain and the DNC sent a letter to television stations that basically threatened them if they ran the add from swiftvets.com.   He then called for the President to condemn that add.  Huh, so much for free speech.  I wonder why Kerry didn't condemn George Soros or Moveon.org when they lied?  Maybe because he only believes the Speech is free when it's supports him?