So, I went to my school visit on Thursday. Unfortunately, my host Fellow wasn't exactly "all that". He teaches "ramp-up classes," which is just a way to un-label low performing kids with a  different  label. Out of his 90 minute class, 45 minutes was basically free time, although he had asked them to work on their final writing project of the semester. At one point, he walked over to me and the other girl observing and said, "Well, 90 minutes is a long time. I just don't know what else to do with them," while shrugging his shoulders. So, I was definately inspired by my classroom visit. Now I see the kind of teacher I don't want to be, and the residual influences that some of these kids will be bringing with them into my classroom. Let the battle begin.  Besides that, everything has been quiet. I'm working on getting organized for the beginning of my Fellows training, knowing that I'm going to have to be up and out the door at least an hour earlier than I'm currently used to. To be honest, I am so excited to start school, both as a teacher  and  a student.   I finished two more books in the last few days. One being  Good Grief , by Lolly Winston, which was exrememly well-written. It's about a woman in her mid-thirties who is struggling to heal after the death of her husband. Of course, parts of it are sad, but there's also a lot of realistically funny and touching situations as well. If you've lost someone you loved, you'll easily relate to the main character's journey. If you've ever known someone going through mourning, this will give you a glimpse into their life, and perhaps show you things you can do to help at a time when many people feel paralyzed-wanting to find a way to show support yet not be intrusive. There are not many resources out there to help people deal with the loss of someone important. It's not like anyone really  wants  to write "Funerals for Dummies." And because of that, we're left to figure things out on our own. For the first few weeks after my dad died, the attention was overwhelming. It wasn't that we didn't appreciate it-it's just that so soon afterwards, you're still in shock about the whole thing and you manage to go through all the motions in sort of a haze. What most people don't understand is that it's not until later, after the casserole dishes have all been returned and the "just calling to check on you" calls have stopped, that you really need that contact with others. Anyway, point being, this is a good book to read-there's something about it that simply resonates with feeling.  The other title I read was  A Man Most Worthy . All I have to say about it is that I never realized that the word "ass" could be used so many times as an adjective. I won't elaborate further on that. (It's an "Essence" book, but I didn't realize that when I picked it off the library shelf, and when I did notice it on the cover, I didn't think it would that much different. I mean, cheesy romantic is essentially cheesy romance, right? Hhhhmmm. I think I'll be more cautious in the future.)  After I finish  All Men Are Mortal  I plan on starting reading from a list of the top 100 recommended reads for students entering college. One book at a time...