Isn't it odd?...     How someone can mean a great deal to you without you even being aware of the fact?   I hadn't realized how saddened I would be by President Reagan's death.  So many years have passed since I have really put much thought into either the President's or the First Lady's existence, conditions, or activities...  then the President dies  and like the foam of a suddenly shaken soda, everything ( my feelings, my composure, my sense of the world )... everything is shaken up, caught by the air and churned, and my every thought of the couple is accompanied with tearful sadness, mourning, and gratitude.   Saturday, watching The First,   First Lady  , of whom I have any memories, gracefully and caring-ly run her hand down the President's coffin as she might have and must have so often run her palm down his arm, as couples do, to hold and pat his hand, then patting him ... patting the flag, the symbol which he so aptly, so kindly, and so authentically embodied, then running her palm back up patting, and leaning in -   to him  ... was the most touching, painful moment I can remember witnessing.  I wonder now, if she had chosen that moment to say good bye.   Thinking of this, even now, has me sniffling and wiping away tears. I am awfully glad I don't wear mascara to work. The world has seemed diminished this week, not solely by his death, but by the cessation, at least in this frame of existence, of their journey together... of their devoted love and companionship. This seems sadder to me than the loss of a great, authentic leader and diplomat.   To my soul, it feels like a stone carved truth, that for the most noble and best aspects of life to continue their existence, there must be in every few generations, perhaps in every country, a person or persons with the courage to embody and to stand out with their presence as an embodiment of some noble aspect. In this instance, together, I think, they embodied the best potential of deepest dedication and love between two people... even to the exclusion of others. Understandably, and by some accounts that I have heard, this exclusion must have caused some great pain to their children and friends. I am not certain, however, that it could have been otherwise... as these embodiments often have seemed so intense as to be at the exclusion of all other considerations and individuals. Perhaps, they have to be to stand out.   I wish though that we as a culture could begin to recognize these instances more formally... in our language... A Reagan-like love, A Hawkings-like intellect, A Tubman-like fortitude. Perhaps something more along the lines of "A Reaganic love", somehow that sounds more fitting to the President's Scotch-English-Irish/American heritage...   I wonder if that's what it is... scotch, english, irish, American... is that part of this feeling. It feels like it's more than losing a president who I was bearly aware of as a thirteen year old...It's as close as I can imagine to what it must have been like to lose a gaelic or scottish clan-leader... even one distantly removed... a feeling as if someone of your blood, your family, your strength has passed. I've often wondered how much of our heritage is written into our cell memories, into our essence. I know that for as long as I can remember before I knew of geography and distance and heritage or even what my particular heritage was... I have had the deepest affinity with all that was and is Irish and Scottish as well- but to a lesser extent. I don't honestly know.  But, I have been surprised by the frequency of my tears and the depth of my heartache these past few days. The world seems diminished... even if it was a proper age and time of passing for him, even though he was out of office, and in a situation where lengthining his endurance could not have been a blessing... his absence is painful... more painful than I had expected. I can not fathom what it must be for the First Lady.