I started reading Michael Moore's "Stupid White Men" this morning.   And it ain't half bad.  It definitely got me thinking about the state of affair that America is in.  Fraudster Politicians, Power Abuse, Adjusting National Policy and Tax Reform to suit the bank accounts of the stinking rich minority, our depressing education system, and our socially perpetuated indifference towards racism, misogyny, and environmental awareness.  And who's to blame for these shortcomings, this downfall of our society?  Men  Mostly of the Stupid and White variety.   Now, Mikey Moore puts forward some convincing arguments.  Statistics, quotes, projections, etc.  It’s enough to make you put down the book every once and awhile and go, "Wow.... We're fucked."  But my mom raised me to be smarter than that.  I recall her telling me about a certain Statistics Class she took during college.  The course book she was required to buy for the class was entitled, "How to Lie using Statistics."  You want to swing statistics in your favor?  It’s easy.  Include only the information that you want to include.  Compare and contrast only the factors that will create the illusion of a drastic difference.  You want to survey people?  Make sure your target group consists mostly of people who have the mentality you're in favor of, or limit the numbers to create a favorable outcome, although wildly inaccurate.  Two people, with opposing positions in regards to a certain debate, could use the exact same information, and yet both of them could produce impressive and convincing arguments for their side.  Presentation, presentation, presentation.  I'm sure that Michael Moore isn't lying, but it's hard to take what he says to heart when he's trying to balance out his opinionated and biased generalizations with a few unelaborated statistics that attempt to make him seem more objective.  Oh, and one more thing.  This Devil that he speaks of, this diabolical monstrosity that is ruining the world around us as we speak.... is ME.  I am the living incarnation of all the traits that make up “The Man.”  All the traits that are considered the “Acceptable Norms”:  I'm Male. I'm White. I'm Hetero-Sexual I'm Middle-Class I'm a Christian I'm not Disabled I don't have a Learning Disability I'm Healthy I'm Literate  When was the last time you saw a Male Chauvinist Club, or a White Power Support Group?  (Well, there is the KKK, but we all know how we feel about THEM) I mean, when was the last time you saw a protest held in support of Hetero-Sexual Equality? It just doesn't happen.  These people, who have embodied these favored traits, have worked HARD to make sure that there will never be a shift of power.  And I'm inherently part of that club.  Well, where do I hand in my resignation?  That's the thing that bothers me about his book.  Although it's definitely tongue-in-cheek part of the time, it is also an all out attack on people like me.  He makes absurd generalizations, stereotypes The Favored constantly, and lumps me into a group of people I wouldn't be caught dead with. And Moore follows up these slanderous remarks with a quirky, humorous anecdote so he can defend himself from any criticism with, "Hey, lighten up! It's Humor! Don't take it personally man!"  Well, that's where difference between humor and objectivity lies.  Yeah, the man can be downright hilarious at times.  But he's also trying to be a revolutionist.  He wants to spread the word, open our eyes, and instill some conviction in our collective apathetic hearts.  Yeah, well Mr. Luther King accomplished the same thing, but without making any, "So did you hear the one about the black seamstress and the bus driver?" jokes.  Sighh... Who knows, maybe he'll include a chapter towards the end entitled, "White People Who Don't Suck".  I hope to God that he does, or else he's just another putz who's playing the "Down with Whitey" card in order to rake in the book sales from the Non-White-Men group.  ‘Cuz let's face it, there's a lot more of them than there are of us.  And always remember: 76.8% of all statistics are made up on the spot...