lately I've been thinking, yea, real deep searching in the insides of my mind... not something i do very often i guess... and wats the reason for all this soul searching all of a sudden? I dono, perhaps i'm just too bored with life now... life has become so much of a monotony now... heck i can predict my routine for the nxt few wks... mondays are dominated by the farking morning pe which always leaves me drained for the entire day usually... tuesdays are just plain boring, wenesdays bring some cheer coz its a short day and if theres soccer, i have to psyche myself up.. by the time it reaches thursday, where theres only 2 lectures, leaving tutorials for the rest of the day, i'm already half zombified... fridays are kinda ok coz its the last day of the week... and there are lab periods... which is kinda fun sometimes... unless it involves use of the bloody microscope... i swear, that crap will make me go blind or cross eyed someday... ok weekends come, which is supposed to be like really great right? negative... sats have common tests which means i have to burn for friday nite which i really honestly want to use to rest after a freaky week... but no... i have to burn up friday nite in some pile of notes that i haven read b4... thankfully... theres soccer in the afternoon at lam soon wif my soccer khakis... then i go home, sapped of energy and await the nxt day sunday.. which i use to do hw and stuffs... yup... thats my week for u... 5 days of being an undead person, 1 day of fun, 1 lousy sunday... combine these 3 and repeat for weeks... zzzz....  U know... sometimes i wonder whats the purpose of blogging... is it for urself? or for others to see? perhaps its a bit of both... people have an exhibitionary nature sometimes... yea and perhaps someday in the future I would like to read what i've posted... to see my life in the past.. yup that would be fun rite? to really see what u are goin through like a few years ago on this day... yea...  anyway... i managed to do tutorials at a fairly fast pace tdy... woke up in a dreamy mood... sat down and attempted to do chem tut in the morning... but was in a way too dreamy mood to do anything... put it off until 12... but did quite alot tdy... probably enuf to cover me for this week... baring the damn chem and maths test this sat... fark... seems quite a mountain to cover... which i have no idea of how to tackle... but wat the heck... i will probably find someway to do so... ppl always do... my mum probably thinks i'm too slack as i only do work on sundays, the rest of the time i'm jus lazing around in front of the com... i dono... maybe she expects me to b a mugger( which thankfully i'm still sane enuf not to be one ) not doin work from mon to thurs and sat doesen't mean i will lag behind in class... anyway lately i've been listening to alot of music... yea... suddenly i love songs by maroon 5 and dashboard confessional... and i've got all the albums hehe... wonders of file sharing programs... and jay's new album is gd too... and i'm still listening to spiderman 2 OST... yea its kinda old... but i like it and its spiderman... my favourite comic bk hero yay...  think i shld end now... my post tonite is really kinda random yup... a little rojak... but whatever... its not that i really care...