I took my car to get an emission test today, I was so nervous! Silly thing to worry about, I think it was because Daddy said something about IF my car passes the test, then something but IF NOT then we will have to get it fixed. I just didn't want the have to get my car fixed again or have it not pass. So I went to Walmart to go get my angel tree gift, I got distracted: my foster brother is coming next week and he likes skateboards so I got him two mini skateboards to decorate his room with. Then I found a cool gift for my brother. I left and then realized I totally forgot my angel tree gift! Luckily there was another store on the way home that had what she wanted. I picked up Brynn early today and we made chicken enchiladas for dinner, she turned on the radio and said lets dance! So I started dancing with her then she says be the audience silly! Oh well you forgot to tell me that one! So she danced for one song and then it was my turn, it was kind of fun. Girl's group tonight was fun, we made fajitas for the girls. I was embarrassed because my tortillas were flaky. It was cute because Kristen brought after dinner mints, she was really trying to say that we had STINKY breath, but in a polite way. So I have a prayer request: I need prayer that I will be more compassionate and loving towards my brother. We haven't been getting along lately and it's not good for the either of us. I am making him not want to be at home. I don't want to be known as the evil "real" sister, and I don't want to have my brother hate me. I want to show him love I just don't know how sometimes. I get more on his nerves than I do getting to really show my love. So Lord, I please pray that you will be in this situation. I pray that you will give me your love to pour onto my brother and to back off when the I need to back off. Help my words and actions be that of love and not of condemnation or judgment. I pray that my brother will someday trust me enough to want to confide in me with things and that we will be able to love each other like we are supposed to. Lord please forgive me for being a jerk. You know I don't mean the things I say, they just come out wrong. I pray that my brother will realize that too, please be with him tonight Lord and please let him know that you love him so much. Thanks.