The year 2003 is almost GONE.  POOF!  Where in the world did it go?  All I know is that I will be GLAD to see it be GONE.  The year 2003 was not one of my favorites along with 2000,01 and 02.  Maybe 2004 WILL be much better for me and my family.    I must say that things are starting to look better for us with regards to finances.  Katy is doing substitute teaching and I am doing private security.  We are not bringing in as much income as we are used to BUT we are bringing in SOMETHING which compared to NOTHING is a very good start on the new year.    The other day Katy managed to injure herself on a bed frame.  You might be asking yourself "how in the world can you injure yourself on a bed frame?"  You can do that by take the frame off the bed and sitting it in the hallway outside of Justn's room with the sharp ends pointing towards the door and then running into it with your bare foot at full speed.  Can you say OUCH ???  Poor dear is hobbling along but healing nicely.     Remember the  Lady in the Shoe    who moved out of the shoe into a brand new triple wide trailer next to us?  I am happy to annouce that the  Lady in the Shoe    is now being promoted to  Nurse Shannon .  :)   Nurse Shannon  has been faithfully tending to the minor medical emergencies in her own personal slum community here at the bottom of the hill.  We lovingly call Nurse Shannon and her Paul Bunyon (the  REAL man  of the neighborhood) as Slum Lords.  :)  On November 27 of 2003 I started up a Yahoo Group called  Happy Days and Special Times  for all of the family members who are associated with this awesome group here in Charleston SC.  In just 30 days we have 16 members and over 200 messages.  I am looking forward to seeing more and more folks signing up and becoming a part of our cyber extension of this wonderful community of families who support one another.  You can view the website for Happy Days at  urlLink Founder Debbie Stephenson    Battle Plan ministries Bill Berry  (founder and newly ordained minister of Central Church) has decided to encourage the men to enter into 2004 by starting it out with the  40 Days of Purpose  by Rick Warren who is the pastor of Saddleback Church in California.   You can find the specifics of this devotional series by visiting their website at the following link.   urlLink Rick Warren Founder of Saddleback Church    As a ministry leader at Battle Plan Ministries I am being encouraged by our Elderberry (now called RevBerry) to engage in this 40 days of purpose devotional.  I am going to be in prayer about doing just that.  Katy and I started this devotional in 2003 but thanks to our circumstances we found ourselves not being able to complete it.  Perhaps this would be a great time to engage this study.    Thanks to the folks at  Happy Days and Food Lion  our children were sponsored for Christmas and received many new and exciting toys under the Christmas tree.   Thank YOU Food Lion and Happy Days  for your support once again during Christmas.  I am going to pursue a job at Charleston County as an Emergency Services Dispatcher and have a friend of mine that works in the same building to deliver my application and resume to the director of this department. Pray that I might have favor in this situation and that they will consider hiring me to be a dispatcher.     We wish you a Happy New Year filled with PEACE, LOVE, GOOD HEALTH and JOY for 2004.  God bless