Today was quite a day with ups and downs. I've got a reply to go for a interview for a temp job. When i went there, the manager was out...suck thumb go home lor.  Then Raine, my kayaking buddy ( sis cos she is a girl), asked me to go kayaking on Friday. I wanted to go cos long since i last kayak liao .... But there's a catch to it. She have to leave early on that day. This means that i would be kayaking alone in the sea in East Coast. I dowan to kayak alone in the sea cos it's too dangerous liao. I am considering jioing the PKL gang to come along but i doubt many of them will be interested. They are more into inline skating and dragon boating:(  Am i so abnormal ??? How come the people i mix with are usually not into the activities i am into??? hmmm.....Nah.....i dont think so......most prob is that they are the abnormal ones!!!!! hahaha.... Sometimes i feel that i am too rational while on other occassions i am too rash to take part in activities...perhaps that's a trait of a gemini. Not sure cos i dont read into horoscope. I dont even know what are the horoscope signs available. Ignorant?? Perhaps. Maybe i just dont like to memorise things that i deemed insignificant.   Spent the night recollecting some special activities i had took part in the last 1 year. Taking up kayaking courses, going trekking to Berkelah Waterfalls, Mount Ophir and Gunung Panti, Volunteering for and leading a humanitarian project team to Cambodia, going Chionging with the PKLs, Taking up numerous courses, attending seminars and masterminding a creative presentation for my "Singapore's Foreign Policy's" tutorial.   For many of these activities, it was the moment of rashness that made me signed up. Through these activities, i have learnt many things about others and especially about myself. I am starting to believe in myself cos thru these activities, i successfully pulled through many obstacles that i neber think i can. Also understood that there are intrinsic gifts in me that i formerly doubt i would possess.   Remembering the Ophir trip where i managed to reach the summit with the help of my team mates, especially  Jones, Mel and Daniel cos it was the help and encouragement they gave me that made me moved on. More than 24hrs of pure physical suffering was what i went thru during the trip but it was well worth it. To think of it, i was the "idiotic ass" that came up with the suggestion of attempting Ophir. Now i understand the real meaning of mind over body.   The next activity that gave a huge impact to my life would be the Volunteering trip to Cambodia in Project Sangkhim. Volunteering was never in my blood considering i dont even bother cleaning up my room. Who will believe that i will volunteer? Definitely not myself. Once again rashness possessed me. Signed up for it and took over the leadership of the team under some weird circumstances. Met some friends in this trip. Learnt skills in planning and saw real life events in Cambodia. Perhaps, under my leadership and planning, some things did screwed up but i had learnt alot from it. I saw the desire within the own team to think creatively to solve problems we encountered in Cambodia. I learnt from it and that is how i mastermined the presenation in tutorial when we are back in Singapore. Never before this volunteering expedition would i believe that i would be able to plan such a project of this scale. Not to mention a team of 24 students , the coordination between organisations was also intense. It was indeed an achievement for the team and myself.   I have grown and matured through these activities. Perhaps rashness might not be bad afterall.    Just saw this Jap film about girls in japan training to become the Gaea Wrestlers. Motivated by it cos the training these girls went through is unimaginable. Tough Training. This girl went thru numerous obstacle just to Debut in a woman pro wrestling match.  I dont think NS is as tough as the training the girls went thru siah.  Today was indeed a meaningful day  Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know