Hi!! Two days since i have last posted. Quite a long time. Feelin much better today, although a little sleepy. In fact, very sleepy. Didnt have much sleep. Worked on my projects till quite late. Then i had to wake up early this morning. Earlier than usual because i had to follow other people's car to school. Mum's not around. She's at Penang attending cousin's wedding. Kinda missed her. She's not really like this often. Aih..  I went to Cheer 2004 yesterday. Fantastic! Once again, Shirtliff won. Two years consecutively. Not bad huh? 2nd place was Dynamitez and 3rd was Adele. Shirtliff, i tell you. Superb, flawless, synchronized, consistent and energetic. Good choreography and beautiful stunts. I loVe em'! Dynamitez was not bad as well... IN fact even more energetic than the Shirtliffs, but they screwed up their last stunt if im not mistaken. Or they will probably win. Adele, another team same from Xavier was good for a newcomer. I tell you if there is a best supporters award, it definitely goes to Xaviers definitely. The crowd from them, piercing i tell you. Screaming all the way. But it cooled down when Xavier had performed and came back crying because they screwed up some stuff. Atmosphere there was energetic. Met up with some old school friends there as well. Lotsa people.  Ahh...Head perfect was announced today. No gona post much comments as i can see the situation at the chatbox has kinda...flared up. LOL... Chill everyone. Nevertheless, im sure lots of you guys who arent prefects will not understand and jus say it stupid to be dramatic over such small stuff. Well fair enuff.As i will think the same if i werent a prefect also. hehhe... BUt not a very good thing to point out at this moment though as everyone is still not chilled over the stupidity of our form 5 prefects. Not to mention the ego. There definitely an ego about the size of a watermelon in them, no doubts about that. Back to Head prefect, Adi's the head. Made his debut today. Not a bad speech. Havent seen any responsibilities or head prefect jobs doing from him yet. Definitely can see some humility or some say.. 'Cowardness'.. But i don really call it cowardy. Truly understands why he does certain stuff. Anyways, praises for him for putting the form 5 on duty and off week for form 4. LOve it. hahahha.   Well.. a friend had an some 'pms' prob today. Got to be the bad mood mocked victim. As usual, im always being insulted as if i don exist anymore in this world. Nobody notices much as they hear me get it all the time. Well im kinda irritated by that behavior. If bad mood, jus lemme know..'hey.not in a good mood now'.. will be perfectly fine. But no...JUst had to scold someone. And here he comes! Kelvin..Nows my chance to let everything out on him cos i dowan anybody else to hate me as only Kelvin knows the real me inside. Then late in the evening, sees him again. Asks for help.. tried to help.. got another mock instead. This is what i think. Some ppl jus really got egos much bigger than their oversized head and thinks that theyre perfect and everyone else in the world are cheap dirt. Selfish thoughts and unappreciated help replies jus pisses me off. As of my opinion, these are all spoil brats who are darn stubborn who ask for help. And when they get stuff that doesnt go their way, then they dislike it and jus insult you for it. They assume you think you are perfect. Well, hear me out...I DIDNT FORCE YOU TO TAKE IT!!! IF YOU THINK YOU ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO PERFECT, THEN FIND YOUR OWN WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Fook out...