Ever sit and watch a child sleep? They are like little angels laying there. Not a care in the world. Just dreaming of baseball, puppies and candy bars. Until they grow up and hit puberty that is.  Right now, I have 4 of 5 kids asleep. I can hear soft snores coming from all directions. That has to be the most comforting sound on earth. The soft, snort, of a tired little boy, who has nothing on his mind but resting for another go at the bike trail tomorrow. Or the little boy that just wants to wake up in time to watch his favorite cartoon before starting his day. Or the big boy who wants to sleep and dream of Heidi Klum, or Jessica Simpson, Brittny Murphy, or whatever hot chick TJ has seen on TV that night. They all have different reasons.  Every once in a while, that peacefulness will be interupted by a grunt, or moan, or angry "ugh". My kids tend to relive their days in their dreams. I can tell who had the worst day by listening to the sounds of sleep. Occasionally, you can hear them fuss at each other in sleepiness. Or, praying for each other in sleep. Yes, I have heard my boys, totally and completely dead to the world asleep, praying. I have even heard Will preach in his sleep. He has told us many times that when he grows up, he wants to be a preacher like his papaw. Jamie will fight in his sleep. I have been on the receiving end of many kicks and punches. Even head butts from him. They tend to act out their dreams. Not a good thing if they have fought with their brothers all day. Casey will try to re inact his day. I guess he thinks he deserves a do-over sometimes. Or maybe the fact he didn't get a project finished pesters his sleep. Or, like his dad, he thinks while sleeping, working out the details to a problem that is bothering him.  I like catching them in that in-between-dream sequence sleep. Where they are not quite asleep, but not awake. Noah especially, will cuddle, hug, kiss, and just basically fill you up with all the loving you can take when he is in this state. That state where the eyes don't open, but the corners of the mouth are always turned into a sweet, innocent smile. Where he will nuzzle his head into the crook of my arm, and sigh pleasantly. Then his little hand will reach up and grab a touch of my hair, and start twisting it. Then slowly the little hand stops twisting the hair, and the hand falls slowly to the bed, the smile recedes, and he is asleep. Then mom can fall asleep, with her mouth turned up in an innocent smile.  All is right in the world, when you watch a child sleep. Even when you know he is dreaming R-rated dreams!