Let me start this entry with an apology to Mr. Collins: I never intended to Middle Name you in an offensive way. I just didn't want anyone to be confused as to   which   Samuel Collins I was speaking of. That's all.   And now, on with the show....   I called in sick yesterday. I needed the day to do wonderful things by all myself and with the aforementioned Mr. Collins. (Who would like to be called Monkeypants when I refer to him, but I just can't bring myself to do it. Sorry, luv.) So I called in. This eventually caused my mum to realize I wasn't at work and she in turn freaked out. Then she proceded to tell me of the horrible state my bank account was in. Why does she have access to my bank account? Hm? I'm 24 (or 25...no, 24.) divorced, a mom, I live on my own. Why does she have access to my bank account? Then she *drove by my house to see if I was really at home sick.* (I wasn't.) She called me a couple of times yesterday, I think mostly to make me crazy. I know she's going through a rough time right now, but COME ON. LEAVE ME ALONE. I don't need my mom to run my life for me. I am an adult. *sigh*   Today, I have a stack of work to get done before Karen (my supervisor) gets back to work on Monday. Right. I'll get on it. As if.   Last night I had Brother, Josh, HoJo, The H*Factor, Cousin Jessica, her BF Matt, Sam, and Ashley all over to the house. It was so awesome. A little impromptu get together. Lia even got in her own bed and went to sleep. Josh and Brother really were pissing me off, though, because they kept cheating at Phase-10. Josh also was in charge of drinks, which may be why I overslept this morning.   I still am not having any luck finding the right outlet for publishing. Any one with suggestions out there? No? Probably not. I think that only Sam and Sekatsim are reading this. Maybe HoJo. I think y'all would have told me if you had any ideas for me. (I hope you would have....)   If I can get all of my shit together by lunch, I'm going to lunch with HoJo. Which is good. I miss her.   No official date night tonight. Kind of had "date day" yesterday instead. Sam and I did laundry, ate lunch, had ice cream and watched a movie together. It was nice. Of course, I think anything I do with Sam is nice. Works well for me.   StepMonster is having immunotherapy next week. I'm scared about it. Hate to admit it, but I am.