Computers have always been a major part of my life.  When I was in high school in the late 1980's, computers were pretty new.  Although technology was not as advanced as it is currently, I took computer applications in high school, and I was a part of a pilot class where I learned computer programming.  Little did I know then, computers would play a major role in where I would go in my education as well as my career.  I entered college in 1988, and computers were emerging in businesses, schools, colleges, and universities.  There were several computer labs on campus, however, I utilized a word processor to type papers.  Soon typewriters and word processors became a thing of the past.  Anything and everything that you wanted to do was possible by the use of computers.    I escaped the technology surge of the century by graduating from college  before  computers became a requirement for admissions.  When I visit my college campus or friends that live in dormitories, I am amazed to find high speed internet access and desktops in every room.  This is indication that the needs of technology education are a must for everyone if they are to be productive and competitive members of a growing society.  After spending 10 years in corporate America, I decided to switch gears and become a classroom teacher.  I feel that my decision to change careers brought a different focus than that of teachers who had no experience in the business industry.  I understand the importance of technology and I wanted to not only instill an understanding and appreciation in my students, but I wanted to dispel the myths that technology was a threat.  I was able to fully understand why so many of my students were "afraid" of computers.  Many of my colleagues don't know anything about computers and they are intimidated by e-mail and any other means of electronic communication.  If an educator is not willing to continue his or her education in technology, how can we collectively encourage our students to embrace technology?  As a high school Fashion Merchandising and Business Law teacher, I am constantly designing lessons that allow students to explore using the internet.  I often find myself giving a lesson in computer applications or internet usage, however, I will do what it takes to make sure students are competent in technology.  If we expect to produce students who will excel in any area, we  must  do what is possible to make sure they are prepared.  Technology education will be a firm foundation for our students' success.