Almost everyone showed up at Kylie's house on Friday evening for a get-together to talk about our week.  Robert, Ali, Terry and Mauricio didn't come, and of course, Lee is fishing in Alaska.  It was *great* to see everyone!  I tried to connect with almost everyone to talk about our experiences, or lack thereof.    First off, I must say how sorry I am for Wendee, Stephen, Lynn and Dave M.  They do not have a placement yet and are being bounced around schools and classrooms and are feeling very disgruntled about the whole PP process.  I truly wish that they were having the experiences that I am having.  I felt so bad for Wendee.  I was telling her about our first day at CLP, how the new principal showed us around and how we had so many teachers come up and introduce themselves, and Wendee began to tear up.  She has been sent to classroom after classroom and has even been told straight out, "I don't want you here!"  Nobody will talk with her and she leaves her campus for lunch.  Stephen has had some similar experiences.  I think that all of them are feeling very unwanted at this point.  I am thinking positive thoughts for all of the four of them.  I hope that they get a placement soon!   It was great hearing the stories from the others that have been in schools this week.  The people in Loveland schools and Jeff at Pioneer School have not had any kids yet, but the rest of us have been in classes since Wednesday.  I really like Sara's story about getting an apple from a student after she helped the little girl open her locker on the first day.  It sounds like Tim is picking up some nice teaching skills in his Crafts class.  Wendee, even though she is not firmly placed yet, has managed to learn abit about the underground Japanese Goth culture and Abby is teaching the boys in her French class how to kiss each other.  It sounds like there are a number of cooperating teachers, however, that are pretty strict about their classroom and aren't giving PP students as much of a chance to participate and contribute as I have had.  After listening to everyone's stories, I realize how incredibly lucky I am to be at CLP.  The school and its staff have bent over backward to make me (and Jay) feel welcome.  I truly feel that Mr. Jewett, my cooperating teacher, is glad to have me there and is anxious for me to help him in his classes in any way that I can.  He is also very willing to let me try new things, conduct new projects and take over the class whenever it is needed.  So far, my experience has been wonderful and I am truly grateful to be at a school where I feel that I belong.  I have learned a few things in my first week.  I will list them later.