Want to do something nice for someone today? Hug someone! Is that simple. Yes, it is. People usually get themselves in a mess which is only inside their own mind. I've seen it many times. Is the chronic mental sickness of making life a drama soap opera. One of my best friends was like that. You see, the best way to live a simple life is to see the beauty in simple things when the big things are not working. Things are simple if you want them to be. Love doesn't hurt if you don't want it to hurt, on the contrary, love heals. The skies are blue if you want them to be. My skies are always pink because I want them to be. I call it imagination and will power. How about you? I have to admit, I have a wonderful happy and peaceful life. Sometimes I love being alone, other's I don't. But I'm always happy with who I am. And I'm happy with who I am because I know who I am. You can't be happy with yourself if you don't know yourself. I call that a rule. In my short years I've learned more than most of the adult people I know will ever learn. And I'm not talking about harsh life's lessons. I'm talking about those lessons that many people let pass by. Lessons like, how a flower smell, how to make a child laugh, how to make someone happy, how to contemplate the sky at noon, how to sing with all your heart, and even how to taste every single bite of your favorite meal. You see, is not the what of the lesson, is the how, so you can the other's how and enjoy every minute of it. Like I'm doing right now. There will always be pain and lies, yes, but there will also always be hope and love. And no one can change that. Focus on the simple beauties of life. Beauty is so simple, that many let it pass by without notice, and they drown themselves in sorrow and darkness because they haven't been able to see they beauty in a simple lady bug. So, take some time to contemplate the small picture instead of the big picture. Take time to make a list of ten simple things you like about life and 10 simple things you like about yourself. Is it your index fingers nail? So be it. Is it the way your ear is folded? Great! Is it the way the sky turns to thousand of colors before the sun say good night? Wonderful then! Don't try to hard on crossing the big desert, but instead, spend ages looking at the tiny flower that has been brave enough to grow in the middle of it. And learn from it the how, the how to make a difference by just being there.