I really don't want to be an alarmist, but Graciefairy seems to have questionable taste in men and I'm a little concerned for her.  I can appreciate all the unique effort that went in to making Mike Meyers' movie "Shrek." I can see the potential draw to little girls who like to pretend they are princesses in distress, being held captive by a fire-breathing dragon. I even understand the likeness of some fire-breathing dragons to daddies. So, I wasn't even a little concerned when Shrek came out in a double pack with a 3-D version to entice my little fairy. I figured it was good for her to exercise her imagination...It would give me a break from having to watch that evil, dreaded, dvd (demonic video device): SPIDERMAN. Just in case you were wondering, I have nothing against Peter Parker, Spidey, or even the Green Goblin. I have a problem with watching it at least twice a day for three weeks. So, I thought the story with the green ogre would be entertaining, a welcome break from the web-slinger. The second time we watched the movie, GracieFairy looked sweetly up at me and said, "Mommy, Shrek is my boyfriend!"     Boyfriend!? She isn't even 3 years old! What does she know of a boyfriend? How in the world did she watch this movie and come to this decision? "Hmm, green skin? Okay."    "Tube horns on the head? That's different, okay."    "Anti-social? Okay."    I know sometimes her daddy isn't quite the gentleman he should be, but it appears as if, at the age of 2 and 3/4 years old, that she is either on a mission to reclaim someone, or she's got a thing for bad (and smelly) boys.    Even more than her choice of boyfriend, I mean this isn't an inter-racial problem, it's an inter-species problem, I am worried that her little sensibilities should not know what a boyfriend is before the age of 3 years. Still, on the Cartoon Network, on The Disney Channel, and in the movies they watch, boyfriends are desirable. It's too soon.          Lord, Please keep GracieFairy a baby as long as possible. Please give me the tools to slow her down when she's moving too fast, and the tools to release her when it's time. Lord, order her steps and please give your angels charge over her in all her ways, according to Psalms 91, lest she dashes her foot against a stone. I thank you and praise you for watching over us.      In Jesus' Name I pray,      Amen.        GracieFairy, please slow down. Be a baby as long as you can. And when it's time for you to fly, let Jesus fly with you and pick out your friends and paths.    I love you,    Mommy