wow, the UG community isn't so bad. they actually gave me some good advices....very realistic,too.  they're right about raxzeez[or whatever his name is], i should just ignore him. i mean, for all i know, he's a 50-year-old scoring on chicks through the net. but he did have a friendster account which looked reall, but still, it is kinda gross to "fall in love" with someone 10 years younger than him. how much more if he was 17 years older? hehehe..i just remembered mhyko.....anyway, i shouldn't even be bothered by this. i could always ignore his messages. and, yeah, it was my fault to talk to him in the first place. man, it's like my parents never taught me not to talk to strangers.  those UG guys were also right about lyle...i think. i should just ignore him. well, he isn't talking to me so i have no problem with that. but i can't just talk to yang [man, she'll kill me!] but i just can't igore that. maybe i will. so what if i live a nightmarish high school, they'll probably grow tired of me. but....i think i should apologize to him. he did tell the truth and i lashed out on him. my God, alex, just let it go.  i was so kilig yesterday! jammi and chatted but, unfortunately, just for a while. still, i never felt so nice. he's boyfriend material. he respects me, he's sweet, good profile and he seems like a nice and talented guy. gosh, *blush,blush*..heehee.....  going back to the UG guys....they're totally right. i'm 13 and i should just be chillin' out [in this climate, no way!], getting fresh air or something. i'm young and i feel like i'm too ahead of my time. why am i even bothering about my love life? i'm so excited about it that i miss those stuff i should be enjoying while i'm 13. and i really need to step into reality. my own world's like smoking. so soothing yet so addicting and destructive. besides, i'll probably hook up with decent guys when i grow up. i mean, that way, i really would enjoy it. i guess i should engage myself in something else for now. like music, poetry, or something like that. hahaha!one of them[UG guys] said, "don't your parents know how naughty you've been." hahah!no, they don't. that makes my sins even more "to die for"[for my, a rebel's, opinion]  well, i guess i have some mind-clearing to do. i have to clean my head of lyle and raxzeez, of the negative things i learned, of the pain i have been feeling, my God! from all the drama coming out of me!