The recent memo from the US Justice Department giving the OK to the White House to torture has far reaching implications.  According to Michael Glennon, a war law expert at Tufts University, "It is an extraordinary claim. It is as broad an assertion of presidential authority as I have ever seen.  This is a claim of unlimited executive power."  > As a people we are losing the will to govern ourselves when this type of thing goes unchallenged.  This, by itself and alone should be enough to throw this group of outlaws out of office.  As a people we can no longer sit on our asses and expect some other damn person to make things run right.  Not only are they not doing the job we expected them to do, they are picking our pocket in the meantime.  This group of jokers are not doing the job, picking our pocket and sizing up the opportunity to stay on permanantly.    urlLink    Legal?  And if it's only a small group of psychopaths why were there so many pictures, hundreds or possibly thousands, and why won't they release the pictures; the following is from a CNN transcript:  BLITZER: All right. Ben Wedeman reporting from Baghdad.   Thanks, Ben, very much. Let's continue our conversation with two influential members of the United States Congress: Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter of California. He's the chairman of the Armed Services Committee.  We heard, Mr. Chairman, the secretary of defense say there are a lot more pictures, hundreds more pictures, maybe a thousand more pictures, and that there are videotape as well.  A, have you seen any of these pictures or this new videotape?  HUNTER: No, I haven't seen it, and I think that's an important point, because it has also come out -- and came out in our hearing -- that the secretary did not see any pictures until just a few days ago.   When we started this investigation, January 13th, or January 16th, we announced to the world we were doing the investigation, but those pictures, the pictures we had, became part of the criminal files, and as we walk down through the court-martial procedure, they stayed in the files.  BLITZER: Do you want to see these? Should the Congress be shown the videotapes and the pictures?  HUNTER: You know, I think after the while these pictures, if they're replications of what we've seen so far, most of them with the same soldiers, at least the ones that I've seen, I don't know if they give any value added to this.  The key is, the number of people involved. If the number of people stays at six or even goes a little bit above that but doesn't turn into the vast conspiracy that some people have talked about, that's the important thing, not the number of pictures.  BLITZER: So you're saying they shouldn't be released to Congress, and they certainly shouldn't be made public, is that what you're saying?  HUNTER: No, I would say they should be put in the Armed Services vaults for any member of Congress to come take a look at, but I don't think they add anything if they're really bad pictures to put them on the world...   urlLink link