Has London been recently struck by a plague of birth defects?  I ask because there seems to be a spate of folk abroad lately with one leg shorter than the other. This is the only way I can explain the strange behaviour of a whole underclass of citizens who simply cannot walk in a straight line! What the hell is wrong with these people? Is it too much to ask that they just select a point in space and aim for it? Is something awry in their inner ear which is affecting their balance? Or is it just sheer bloody-mindedness that makes them drop their shoulder like a premiership footballer, feint left, shimmy right, then BARGE RIGHT INTO ME!?! Bastards! Today while running I got knocked over FOUR times! Also a guy came up to me and asked for a pen. Why would I have a pen? I'M JOGGING! Jesus!  School today was lovely. Harvey Jarvis, that most tramp-like of art-teachers, was nice to me about my lesson despite the delightful 8GR pouring cellulose paste all over the floor. They tried my patience with their chuntering and their newspaper-flapping antics, but my Jedi skills saw me through in the end. After that my mentor Alastair signed off like a gazillion standards, even though I'm sure I haven't got evidence for any of them. You can bet I'll be finding it at the weekend, though. Finally, I discovered that next week is Exam Week and so I almost literally have NO LESSONS! This is the best news EVER! I can do my portfolio in peace and maybe even my essays as well. I am uber-chuffed. Good old Asskiss!  Last night on the radio some dude was talking about Blog Activism, this pseudo-movement whereby folk whinge about Bush, Blair, globalisation, etc. through the medium of Blogger and other similar publishing services. Fair play to these guys, but I feel mildly aggrieved at the dismissive tone they used when referring to non-political bloggers, as though they're some less meaningful form of fish in the big internet pond. I'm happy in my Blog Inactivism, thanks very much. I hate what's going on in the world right now with the heat of a nova, but this blog isn't about that. It's about some good old fashioned mithering, and me trying hard to defy my genes and be funny. And can't see anything wrong with that. So bugger off, Blog Fascists. I fart in your general direction.  Today has been a bit ranty.  Zen tomorrow, I promise.