- welcome dear old friends - generic family / life update -   for those of you visiting because of my most recent invitation -- let me just say -- hey!  glad you're here.   things for the rudds seem to be on a predictable arc, generally:   1. we love  urlLink our kids  who are getting bigger and cuter and smarter all the time.   2. we both continue to teach at Malone -- and, for the most part, find that work fulfilling.  3. i "go up" for tenure this year -- so am devoting much of my summertime to preparation for that rite of passage.  4. we've been travelling to Michigan and South to Coshocton regularly this summer.  5. to our status-chagrin, but travelling pleasure, we're now driving a mini-van (please feel free to ridicule...)  6. we've settled into a church (Akron Christian Reformed) which we really like.  7. we continue to feel ambivalence about how suburban our life is -- and wonder whether this is the lifestyle we intend to sustain and nourish.  8. we continue to read voraciously -- both fiercely recommending  urlLink Peace Like A River  -- as our first book to clearly meet our old favorite recommend --  urlLink Atticus   9. we still love time spent with friends and family -- but mourn the fact that so many of the people that fall into those categories live far or work too hard (or we do) to spend the time and depth that we'd like to be able to.  (i kept trying to NOT end that sentence with a preposition -- and it just kept getting longer and longer.  i just gave up eventually.)  10. we're having our leaky bathroom re-done before the kitchen ceiling falls in on us.   in the perhaps-less-predictable category:   1. the film _independent study_ still languishes in post-production-purgatory.  i still have hope that a cut of it could be forthcoming within the calendar year....  2. lynn derives some of her greatest personal fulfillment from her ongoing work with the urban Timken Academy -- she finds it to be a rich environment of professional and educational risk and reward.  hmm.  on balance, we seem to be more predictable than not.    but we feel provoked by life.  and that's good.  if you read our last  urlLink family update  -- we sound as if we're about to fall into the depths of the doldrums.  i think the summer has been healing...  in any case -- we'd always love to hear from you!  peace~