urlLink Multiple Points of Entry into Teaching for Urban Communities. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Post, Linda - Pugach, Marleen - Hains, Ann - Thurman, Alfonzo. It looks at the ways teachers enter teaching in cities.  From the ERIC Digest:  The nationwide shortage of teachers is well documented, and nowhere is the shortage more dire than in urban school districts (Recruiting New Teachers, 2000), which struggle both to recruit and retain new teachers. Not only do urban school districts face a shortage of teachers generally, but also they continue to face a persistent gap between a primarily white, middle class teaching force and student populations that are primarily of color, have a native language other than English, or are of low socioeconomic levels (Villegas & Lucas, 2002). When the majority of teachers in urban schools do not reflect the communities of their students, the potential for a mismatch between teachers and their students is unmistakable (Carr, 2002; Delpit, 1995; Kalyanpur & Harry, 1999; Hodgkinson, 2001; Hodgkinson, 2002), and "Different cultural beliefs and practices have been noted as a frequent barrier to effective [read respectful] interaction" (Harry, Kalyanpur and Day, 1999, p. 6). This lack of cultural or language familiarity and understanding can be damaging to the goal of making sure that every child in an urban school district achieves to his or her potential (Gay, 2000; Gay, 2002; Howard, 1999).   The shortage in qualified personnel to work in urban environments (Villegas & Clewell, 1998) and in specific disciplines continues (23rd Annual report to Congress, 2001). For example, "A report earlier this year from the U.S. Department of Education said that 13 percent of the special-education positions in the nation's schools in 1999-2000 were being filled by teachers who weren't certified in special education, including 12,000 positions being held by substitute teachers" (Temkin, 2002). These shortages are accentuated by the need to recruit and retain qualified personnel of different cultures, values and languages (National Center for Education Statistics, 1996). Hanson (1998) notes, "existing training programs for professionals who are most likely to work with children with disabilities and their families still have relatively few students who represent cultures with non-Anglo-European roots" (pp. 8-9). Similarly, few higher education preparation programs are culturally responsive to ethnic and language diversity (Isenberg, 2000; Gay, 2002; Kushner & Ortiz, 2000) or have diverse faculty (Isenberg, 2000; APA, 1997). "If the needs of children and families are to be authentically addressed, our leaders need to reflect the communities they serve (Elliott, K., Alvarado, C., Copland, J., Surr, W., Farris, M., Genser, A., et al., 1999, p. 2).   In the face of such critical shortages, it appears traditional recruitment strategies in teacher education alone will not be sufficient to meet this ongoing need--at least not in the foreseeable future (Hodgkinson, 2002). One strategy for cutting into the teacher shortage systematically is to support a wide range of pipelines for those in our community who wish to become teachers--in other words, multiple entry points into teaching. The goal is to ensure that every individual interested in a career in teaching in the community has access to a preservice program that best matches his or her education, experience, family circumstances, and timeframe.