I haven't been to a zoo since I was two years old or something. I used to live in  San Diego , and sure enough they have the zoo to end all zoos, but I don't really remember it. I have been through a drive-through safari in Japan (and we thought Americans were the laziest! Ha), and I have been trying to go to the Fort Worth Zoo for years now, but to no avail. It's true that I was bitten by an ostrich when I was thirteen...maybe there was some emotional scarring at work, keeping me from returning to the zoo.  Well, New Orleans has the famous Audubon Zoo, and I decided to go while I was down there. Man, that is one big zoo. Of course, I wouldn't know because I haven't been to a zoo for decades, but I think I walked five miles or something. And all in the  oppressive  New Orleans heat and humidity.  The first thing they greet you with is a flamingo exhibit. There was a baby flamingo sitting in its nest, flapping its wings awkwardly. Sooo cute. Seriously, what's cuter than  baby animals ? The zoo also had baby cheetahs, baby alligators, and some adorable baby tropical birds of indeterminate species (I don't pay attention to signs too often).    urlLink    Supermodel legs  urlLink     I followed the map's suggested route and wandered around eight major sections. When I passed McDonald's  , I heard some birds rummaging in the underbrush. I looked over and saw a pair of peacocks! At first I was alarmed, thinking that they had  escaped . I wondered if I should tell an employee. Then, I started looking around and realized that there were a lot of exotic-looking birds hanging out in the open. So I figured that they were allowed to roam free. Funny thing is, I didn't even see any peacocks on display in the zoo. Later, I asked a security guard, and she told me that they sometimes try to run out the front entrance and the workers have to lure them back in. Don't feel too bad, this zoo is huge and I don't think they're hurting for room or food.  Here are a few more pictures from my adventure.   urlLink    Toucan Sam!  urlLink      urlLink    A white tiger from the Audubon Zoo!  urlLink      urlLink    Cute giraffes.  urlLink     In all, I had a great time, got a decent tan, and walked off the beignets from the morning. The Audubon Zoo is definitely a must-see if you are visiting the Big Easy. Take the St. Charles streetcar west to the  Audubon Place  stop (near Tulane), and then ride the free shuttle to the Zoo. That way, you don't have to walk two miles to your car. Once you're inside, however...well, exercise is good for you.  Have fun!