from: brett mills sent: tuesday, march 9, 2004 0:08 am subject: my adventures part 6    Hello all.  Well let me see what I have I been up to.  Not much really.  I went to Nagoya on Sunday.  Went to Nagoya Castle, which is huge castle in the centre of the city built on the ground (not on a mountain like the one in Gifu.)  That was fun.  I decided to explore this one alone.  Spent a few hours there, walking around the castle, which is a museum and walking through the gardens.  I also went for a walk to the Nagoya Art gallery and Science Museum, but didnt want to pay money to see those things, so I just went to the free things.  Then went to Sakae, which is part of Nagoya city.  Had a bit of a look around, picked up some Tim Tams, vegemite, Cadbury chocolate (Still waiting on those cherry ripes) and a bottle of Hardys Chardonnay.  Have to say I think I am getting over wine.  I have a taste for beer now.  Went to some friends place for dinner, ordered pizza, which was a bit of an effort (the whole language thing) but it was delivered and it was sooooo nice.  Certainly better than Pizza Hut.  Even though it had Mayo and Lettuce on it.  Had a few drinks, listened to some music and caught the last train to Gifu and then walked home.  A good day.  Lots of walking and today my legs a little saw.  urlLink Nagoya castle   This Sunday I am off to Kyoto, which should be fantastic.  I am going with Emma, (girl from Bris who lives upstairs) and her Japanese friend.  It will be good to go with a Japanese person who can explain everything to us.  The flat mate is OK.  He is 38 and American and so far not much fun. I think I had my hopes up too high and was expecting someone younger and cooler to hang out with.  Oh well.  Well see how long this lasts.  I am thinking of moving out of Gifu and into Nagoya where a lot of my friends live.  Work will still pay for the transport cost into Gifu for work.  There is a huge apartment complex in Nagoya where a lot of foreigners live and there is a lot more to do there.  I am going to give it a month or so, but this is a possibility.   Emma is possibly going to Hawaii in June and has asked me if I want to go.  I am thinking about it.  It costs 80,000 yen (around $900) for 5 nights including airfare and accommodation.  Definately something to think about.  Was also talking to some friends about going to Osaka in May for a couple of days, and then of course I want to go to Tokyo.  So much to do.  I have to start planning these things though so I can start saving for them.  I get my first pay next Monday.  About time.  I am going to call tomorrow about Japanese lessons.  It cost about $2 for 90min and I will try to do them atleast once a week.  Everything else is fine.  Still having fun.  There are a lot of people leaving here at the moment so there will be lots of new people to meet.  Food is OK.  Havent tried anything too weird yet.  McDonalds is still my favourite and the burgers come out fresh.  Not all dried up like at home. YUM.  Everyone keeps paying out on me on how much McDonalds I eat.  Oh well. Its safe.  Thats about it for now.  My bike is still great.   Work is great.  SO NOT stressfull.  I love it.  Will email again soon.  I hope everyone is happy and healthy.  Keep the emails coming.  I love hearing about things at HOME.  Brett