the title fits my day. work was long and pointless, followed by a meeting that really had nothing to do with me other than reassure me as to the strength and optimistic future of the company, then i came home.  we were planning on getting a lot of things done today, especially considering that we have to have done, by tomorrow:  • the emissions on the car • the inspection on the car • the registration on the car • the title change on the car • alleys drivers license • the insurance on the car  which required us to have done before:  • alleys social security card name change • cashing the check from her dad so that we would have enough cash to do all the crap • in order to cash the check, add alleys name to my bank account, because the other account we share is -$50 and we can't afford to pay it up right now  so, we got done the prerequisites, but the rest was a blow. yeah, pretty much, we got nothing done, just the stuff we didn't have to have done today, just the stuff we had to have done before the stuff we have to have done today.  so wish us luck on not getting another ticket we can't afford and/or the car impounded or whatever the heck it is they do to people whose stickers have expired.  it's not even really that we didn't get anything done. i mean, how important is it really, and how likely are we to get pulled over/arrested/imprisoned tomorrow? probably not very. i hope. it's just that i took three hours off today and nothing really came of it. i get off at two, go home, end up convincing alley we have time to uh, sit around, ;), until three, then we go to the social security office, don't get out of there 'til four, go to the bank, by the time we're done with that it's almost five AND i get lost on the way to the stupid inspection place. i mean, i've lived here twenty-five years, you would think i could manage to get to the dumb garage in less than forty minutes.  i just feel really worthless and irritated right now.  i mean, maybe everything would have worked out if i'd left ten minutes earlier. if we hadn't.. you know.. when i got home. if i wouldn't have thought we could do the social security thing quickly. if i would have known my way around. if the emissions place we went to first had actually been allowed to do emissions sometime in the next sixty days. if that other stupid place hadn't been closing in exactly five minutes, "so you better get down here quick" in freaking rush hour five o'clock traffic like a loser. if that jerk hadn't been coming up behind me and i could've backed up while i was in the left turn lane to get into the stupid parking lot with thirty seconds to spare. if there hadn't been an endless stream of freaking cars coming off the stupid freeway.  !  anyway, i'm quite irritated.  and i'm glad alley went to get the groceries herself. not that i mind going, but she wanted to go herself, probably not the least reason for which is my stupid irritated mood right now. i just hope she doesn't die or something on the way.  that's really the worst part of her driving now.  it sucks.