For the first time in a LONG time we went to bed before 11 pm which means that I woke up at 5:30 am as well.  I had my 7 hours of sleep and now I am wide eyed and bushy tailed.  Katy got up to go to the restroom, stumbled into the kitchen and observed us for about 2 minutes and then stumbled back into the bed and is now circling Pluto or some other planet by now.  Poor dear has been pretty tired lately with all of the work she has been doing at Wallyworld.... Speaking of Wallyworld it is amazing to me how many people living in Charleston SC who have never heard of Walmart being called Wallyworld.  I guess that either makes me weird or they have been living under a rock.  Maybe they just do not even go to Wallyworld and therefore would not have a clue...  Either way, they are missing out on some great prices and are not going to meet great people like us.    Tomorrow, August 5, 2004 marks three years since our daughter Jessica graduated to her place in Heaven.  Its very hard to believe that she has been gone that long.  Just yesterday I was reading an article about a young girl who was 8 years old who had the same type of pediatric cancer who ran a lemonade stand called Alex's Lemonade Stand.  Apparently she started it to raise money to donate to the childrens hospital where she was getting treatments.  Alexandra was her name and she had a dream to raise 1 million dollars for the childrens hospital in hopes that they could use the money to care for other children just like her. This is the link to the website that talks more about Alexandra and the charity lemonade stand she started.   urlLink Alex's Lemonade Stand  As I was reading this story of course I started to think about our Jessica and that Jessica had something very similar to little Alexandria.  It is so sad when little children get this sick and then ultimately lose their battle with cancer and die.  These children bring so much life and cheer into our worlds even when they are sick.    Our lives will never be the same folks.  Our Jessica is gone in body but she is still here in spirit and a part of our family.  Jessica was only one part of our family but like our other children she was an important part of our family who brought who she was into the family environment.  Jessica was the peace keeper of the four children.  Jessica was always mending fences and being the referee or moderator between Justin and Kristina.  More often than not she wound up protecting her younger more mild mannered brother from his older more agressive sister Kristina.  Jessica was so full of life and was a very loving child.  Jessica loved riding her bycycle and coloring in her coloring book.  Jessica loved visits to see Ed the apple eating and daddy biting horse down the street.  One late evening 3 years ago Katy and I were feeding Ed his nightly snack when we ran out of goodies.  I was apparently too close to the fence and Ed's ever powerful jaws when he became upset at the loss of goodies, reached across the fence and nibbled on my tummy.  Gosh, that hurt.   LOL...  Something to remember my Jessica by I suppose.  As of last Tuesday my tour with Goodwill ended.  After 4 months of working there I decided that I could not work in that environment such as it was.  I guess you could say the PC Recycle Center that I was working in was going through some major growing pains and undergoing some daily transitions that were sort of painful.  I tried as I might to try and deal with the stresses that were associated with the job.  Sadly enough I am sorry to say that it just did not work.  Perhaps I was the wrong person for the job to begin with.  Well anyway, so much for that, the Goodwill chapter has closed.  The important thing for me to say at this point is that Goodwill as an organization is an awesome organization in that they turn 92 cents of every donation back into programs that reach out into the community and help those who are struggling or less fortunate than I am.  Atleast when I took this job I held on to my security job to see if this was going to work out.  When I first took the position I felt that there would be some possible conflicts with my immediate supervisor.  Knowing that going into this environment I made sure to have a safety net just in case things did not work out.  I am so glad that I did not quit my security job because now I have been able to go back to a full time schedule with them.  There is no shortage of work when it comes to folks needing security in this day and age.  One of my four children, Jeremy who lives in a suburb of Houston Texas is attending summer school in Wharton.  Actually, he is taking college courses during the summer.  Jeremy is studying music theory.  I am trying to wrap my tiny little brain around what exactly music theory would be.  I guess it is a good thing he is taking this course and not me.   LOL....  I do know that I love music and sound and that I enjoy working with it at church.  I handle all of the technology related tasks with regards to audio and video needs.  I am the guy that sits in the sound booth and either makes you sound good on stage or if I chose to I can make you sound like a chipmunk on steroids.  The digital effects module of the sound board can do some pretty funny things with your voice.  So, with that said, be sure to be nice to the sound guy because he can either make you or break you when you are singing.  LOL... I am very proud of Jeremy Moffitt.  Jeremy is on a wonderful track and he is pursuing something that he loves very much which is music.   Well, it is time to get ready for our mens fellowship meeting and a day at the City Magistrate's office doing security.  Have a great day!!