Today I was reading around the 'Net, reading the blogs and such in my on-going agonized effort to make some sense of the world, and ran across this, in a preview of a book called "Understanding the F Word: American Fascism and the Politics of Illusion" by  by David McGowan, which caused me a bit of reflection of course given my stream-of-consciousness musing about American dreaming last time:   ***  "Not long ago, my teenage daughter asked me why it was that so many people she has met in her life suffer from low self-esteem. Why indeed? The answer, it turns out, is quite simple: we are all victims of one of the big lies of American society - the one that says that if we educate ourselves, work hard, and apply our talents, there is absolutely nothing we cannot achieve.  We are taught from birth that anyone in this great country can rise up to the highest strata of society if they so choose, that if we have the drive and ability, nothing can hold us back. George W. Bush articulated this very message from the campaign trail recently when he said: "One of the wonderful things about America is, it doesn't matter who you are or where you're from. If you work hard, dream big, the notion of owning your own business applies to everybody."  Conversely, if we should fail we have no one but ourselves to blame, for we must not be smart enough, talented enough, or educated enough - or we just didn't try hard enough. The brutal reality though is that in the real world, the sons of the rich and powerful will assume their fathers' seats in the boardrooms of America regardless of their qualifications (George, Jr. being a prime example), while the most talented of kids from America's 'inner cities' will live and die without ever seeing the world beyond the confines of their neighborhoods.  That is the reality for the majority of Americans. And yet we are encouraged, in fact required, to set goals for ourselves that are impossible to attain, to buy into the Big Lie. When we inevitably fail to achieve these goals, which the social structure has deliberately put out of our reach, we are required to blame only ourselves. The system has not failed you, you have failed because you are a fucking loser. You're too fucking lazy to succeed. You're too fucking stupid to succeed. So stop looking for scapegoats and accept the fact that you determine your own fate."  ****   I mean, jeez, what a horror to see phrases I used in Bush quotes and to think of myself as a fully indoctrinated American dreamer, but I don't disagree with the notion that America isn't really a democracy so much a soft-gloved fascism run by corporate power. The thing is, even given McGowan's "Big Lie," the alternative, a life of constant losing warfare against The Power with the attendant cynical rage, seems so much worse. Those without the heart for militancy (I mean, who wants to stand around in front of Starbucks all day long) just go apathetic. I mean, I've seen this. So, you know, maybe American dreaming is consensual hallucination, but it does work, I've seen it work, and I think that hope is just more constructive and useful than rage.    Hey, I even got a "poor immigrant" story to seal my right-wing credentials: I once had a Polish girlfriend named Ewa, who came over to the States while I was still in college. She had almost no resources at all. Most of her family was still in Poland, and the mother she had in the States, who had helped her get the green card, went nutty almost the day she arrived and basically abandoned her. Ewa had to come live with her penniless American college-student boyfriend. Ewa didn't have money, or education, or assets of any kind really other than her intelligence. But, you know...she went out and she got a little job, and then saved a little money to afford a few classes at the community college, and when she got her little two-year degree in mathematics, after having ROCKED through to a perfect grade-point average, she got accepted into the computer science program at the University of Washington, which is moderately expensive, but there are financial aid programs to help you quite a bit if you are older than 26. And she worked some more, and did great, and made connections, and had a very well-paying job set up for herself before she graduated (with honors), and now she makes more money than I'll ever see and is probably a lot more successful in her field than I'll ever be.   And yeah, yeah, yeah, "rags-to-riches" stories are so boring, but the point is that they happen, and they happen because people like Ewa believe they can happen. The rags-to-riches "myth" is a big part of the larger American myth, but it's not a bad myth, as myths go. People have always lived their lives instructed by myths (or, if you prefer, lies), like you know, religions and stuff, and I just think that living as though the American myth of possibility were true isn't the least positive faith to have. If some poor kid in some kind of urban nightmare in America at least believes in the possibility of escape, is that a bad thing? Is it better for some intellectual guy like McGowan to say, "Sorry kid; you're fucked for life because the corporations control everything, and the only hope you can possibly have to bring the entire system down, which is never going to happen."  I mean, yes of course we need to struggle against injustice and greed and the horrors spread across the  world by corporate greed and heartlessness, but, for me, this can't happen at the expense of my valued myths. So I can agree that Bush's assertions are full of political bullshit, but lies aren't necessarily untrue if they are understood as myths in the old sense of stories to live by. (Okay...I guess I feel a little better now about my accidental support of President Dimwit.)  I might be going out to Birkenau next week. So there will be some absolute truth for me there to keep me re-thinking all this about myths and dreams and lies and truths...