for those of you who stumble across here randomly, this may or may not make sense. the senior pastor at my church here at school,  urlLink CFC (covenant fellowship church) , pastor min, wrote his doctoral thesis on the heart motives of people.   this may not be totally precise, i still have a lot to learn about heart motives. basically, every person has one major heart motive, but there are different layers and minor(s). your layer determines how your major reacts. your minors are the other heart motives that come out, but your major is the basis of why you do the things you do. your heart motive, layers and minor(s) are what makes people different. with a better understanding, you too can redeem your heart and love God more.   there are four heart motives; love-me, like-me, respect-me and perfect-me. then you have success and failure layers. everyone has one heart motive and is in one of the layers, but in different situations and with different people, other layers or minor(s) will surface.   click it to learn a little more about  urlLink heart motives .  now on to me...remember, this is me, not love-me successes in general. my minors may show through this paper.  This LOVE-ME Success    DEFINITION  This love-me success honestly believes that if you do not love me then you do not really know me. To know me better is to love me more. God so loved the world...Jesus loves me, therefore you should love me. That is the sinfulness of this heart.  RELATIONSHIPS  People who talk to me and spend time with me consistently, feed me. The time and/or priority someone gives me shows they love me, which shows they know me. I am also fed by constant and consistent pursuing from anyone, unless you are unlovable to me. Do not worry, I am redeeming this grossness.  CHOSEN ONES  Because of my selfishness, people are in concentric layers (circular levels with a common center) in relation to me. This is not to be confused with heart motive layers.  Chosen ones are people who have "passed" my testing process. They are in my inner most layer. This may have taken many years to come to fruition. Potentials are in process of testing. They may be determined at meeting, or after passing a few general tests. Close friends and aquaintancees may be potentials. Potentials are non-chosen ones as are everyone else.  My family does not seem to be my chosen ones. To me, they are required to love me, so their love is not as genuine, though I know it is. I have few close friends whom I consider chosen ones. With my chosen ones, I desire to spend more time with them. I am not afraid to chase after them, though they may reject me infinite times. With potentials or non-chosen ones, there is a testing period. After a few missed meetings/unreturned calls, I am turned away. Generally, I am testing everyone, I have many potentials. I tend to seek out or settle for relationships when I am not getting fed. My currant SG members may become my chosen ones for a short period of time, but basically they are potentials. They just get a head start on everyone else because I have a predisposition to love them.   SITUATIONS  I do not get fed by casual nods/handshakes in a large crowd situation. I would rather have a chosen one come to me and spend time with me. I think it makes me feel loved or show my lovability.