Guns should be banned in America, or stricter regulations should be put upon their sale and use.  The only purpose of a gun is to kill, and it is very efficient.  According to the U.S. Department of Justice in 2001, of the 13,752 murders in America, 8,719 were committed with a firearm.  Of the 8,719 murders by firearm, 6,790 were by handgun.  Guns accounted for 3,686 more deaths than every other murder method combined.  During the year 2000, firearms were responsible for 16,586 suicides.  Would these people still have killed themselves if there was no gun? It is safe to assume majority of them would have found another way, but how many could have also been saved from the alternative methods?  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the firearms-related death rate for children under 15 years old in the United States is nearly 12 times higher than that of the other 25 industrialized countries combined.  Gun supporters often tote that a gun is necessary as an aide to one’s safety, but how is a gun helpful when if kept in the home it is four times more likely to be involved in an unintentional shooting, seven times more likely to be used in a criminal assault or homicide, and eleven times more likely to be used to commit suicide, than to actually be used in self-defense? Many gun lobbyists also proclaim that it is their constitutional right to bear a gun.  In all actuality, the Second Amendment means, “the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed” in order to maintain security of a free state.  To support this, the U.S. Supreme Court has never overturned a gun control law on the grounds of the Second Amendment.  Former Chief of Justice of the U.S. Warren E. Burger deciphered it as, “The real purpose of the Second Amendment was to ensure that the ‘states armies’ - ‘the militia’, would be maintained for the defense of the state… The very language of the Second Amendment refutes any argument that it was intended to guarantee every citizen an unfettered right to any kind of weapon he or she desires.”  The comma in the Second Amendment between, “A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free state,” and, “the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed,” is a qualifier.  If the first part of the sentence is unfulfilled, the second half is null and void. Obviously, guns are not going to be eradicated any time soon, so what can be done in the meantime to help protect the anti-gun section of society?  85% of all registered voters in the year 2000 favored requiring a license before a handgun could be purchased.  72% of Americans also said they would vote to require licensing and registration on new handgun purchases.  84% of Virginian gun owners would like to see criminal background checks for all gun sales at gun shows.  Majority of America agrees that guns are a hazard and should be more closely regulated.  So why aren’t they?  The only explanation why these excellent regulatory steps aren’t being implemented is the insane profit of gun manufacturers and what public officials are in office.  Gun companies need to have strict regulations now, and need to stop flooding the market and bypassing the weak boundaries they somewhat have currently.  If for any reason, because the Harvard School of Public Health has discovered that 2/3 of students in grades 6-12 say they could obtain a firearm within 24 hours.  Guns are meant to kill, and they are more often killing the innocent and young, not the boogieman people think will sneak into their house and rob them.  The use of a firearm to resist a violent assault actually increases the victim’s risk of injury and death.  Are these thousands of stolen lives really worth that feeling of safety that will more than likely never even be tested?