This list is intended to clearly explain what items are and are not affected by various traps in War of Ages. Not everything is precisely covered, but there should be enough here to yield a general idea. Obviously, a use of Trap Dodge extends to equipment carried/worn.   Noisemaker, Stinkbomb, Paint, Massive Mechanical, Weapon, Gas, or other Alchemical traps do not affect items, with the exception of Oil of Slipperiness or Paste of Stickiness. The Marshal will deal with those events on a case-by-case basis, and the items will generally survive.   All tagged items AND money are vulnerable to, and destroyed by Explosive traps. The only exceptions are Artifacts (With Plot approval), and Mech items that are Installed or Linked to the Mechanon at the time.   Acid and Flame traps are a bit different:   Flame and Acid traps destroy everything that Explosives do, EXCEPT metal weapons, armor, and items stored entirely within metal containers that were themselves closed when the trap went off. Armor, while not subject to the Destroy effect, still takes the numerical damage from the trap. Wooden weapons ARE vulnerable! Because gems are used for currency in War of Ages, Flame traps also leave money intact.   The following weapons are generally at least part wood and thus count as wooden, unless otherwise specified ON THE TAG: Axes, clubs, arrows, bows, hammers, pole arms, staves, and spears.   War of Ages also adds Concussion and Lightning to the possible Trap effects.   Lightning traps destroy all tagged items, EXCEPT money, alchemical potions/gases, and wooden armor or weapons. However, metal boxes do not protect items within, open or not! Wooden containers WILL protect items inside, unless the trap is also therein.   Concussion traps only destroy Alchemical substances, Potions, Glass Tipped Arrows, and Rockets. Everyone within the area of effect of a Concussion trap when it detonates WILL be knocked down. (The marshal may allow you to three-count the fall and/or the act of standing up depending on field or personal condition.)   All trap effects are automatically avoided by items that are Rendered Indestructible or entirely within a closed container that was Rendered. Likewise, a solid physical wall, closed door, Wall of Force, or Ward between an item (or person) and a trap will stop the effect.