Howdi Pop-Pickers, This is the e-journal of someone who has recently decided to try his best to do less of the following things: - drink less beer - cut down on the smokes - eat less ready made convenience store sandwiches.  Conversely, I need to: - exercise more.  13 stone at 5'9" aint too good. - start doing some things that are 'meaningful', whatever that means.  I guess that's a pretty ordinary lists of wants and want nots.  But, heh, if I can't be disgustingly self-obsessive in a blog, then where can I?  Thing is, I reckon, that I spend too much time with people younger than me.  I have buddies my own age, but they seem to have their own private worlds of girlfriends, board games, pot habits and 9 to 5 jobs.   I'm a perennial student, however: have been at Uni now for the best part of ten years, and whilst I may now be writing up a doctorate and teaching undergrads, I still seem to find myself hanging out with those that are a good seven years or so younger than me.  Spose thirty, which isn't that old really, is approaching apace and I want to at least meet some life objectives by then.  Doesn't help that one of my few older friends hung himself and his dog from a beauty spot on Christmas Day leaving on his suicide note, "Where has all the time gone".  Silly melodramatic beggar.  Anyhow, life objectives, that is, have a job, a car and my own house; but more than that, have run away spontaneously for weekends at a time to weird overseas locales because I feel like it, have sex with people  whose names I didn't know the day before, get some of my photos published, have someone write to me because I'm semi-famous enough, slap Liam Gallagher, et etc.  Instead it's just an odd routine of routinelessness that goes nowhere; that merely loops the loop, bringing me back to the same place, only slightly dirtier, maybe a bit podgier, certainly a lot emptier, and predictably just as restless.  Adventures are not adventures when they're preplanned.  Anyhow, thought I'd go to church again, and try and find God.  Again.  I didn't go.  Something else cropped up, as it has done for the last five years.  Had a spiritual dimension to it though.  Ended up on an unplanned excursion in the Lakes, eating at the Mason's Arms (just on the other side of Cartmel Fell) which is perhaps one of the best pubs I have ever visited.  Really.  Was only able to have one pint cos was driving.  A good thing since there were so many fantastic beers on offer.  I'll have to get fit and cycle there next time.  Or just make a myriad of one pint at a time visits: the food alone warrants it.  Then walked up a nice hill called Gummer's How.  It was all a bit serene:* the views were spectacular, the effort was exhausting, and it got dark a little too quickly for comfort.  My ex kept ringing, threatening to 'end it all' as she often does, so trying to navigate my way down a rather steep hillside, with very sharp crags and soggy slipperary mud in the fading light, in inappropriate footwear, seemed rather appropriate.  I didnt fall over, let alone fall off a cliff face into the murky depths of Lake Windermere below, so I'll take that as righteous intervention.  Not really.  What was spiritual was that while stood at the top, I was reminded just how small I really am. and it was an adventure within an hours drive.  Who needs Munich?  Don't get me wrong, I am always acutely aware of how petty my gripes are and what small fry they compared the fucking blue whales of big-issues other people have to carry around with them on a daily basis.  But in feeling small, I appreciated the people I do know; realised that although a lot of friendships are transient, they're friendships nonetheless.    This is a new me folks.  I predict the non-binging, 5 fags a day only, 5 fruit and veg, workaholic, Mr Multi-Sociable person I have decided to become will last about a week.  But heh, an inch is as good as a mile.  Yeah right.  By the way: - I will refuse to vote at the next election.  I have an intense dislike of Blair, but no other parties are worth it.  Greens used to be, but the local Green councillor nearly ran me over whilst driving a people carrier.  Twatface hypocrit. I for one think that conscious destruction of the ballot paper is a political message that needs to be counted and taken more seriously. - I used to be a bit of an animal rights activist, but have since settled down into being a contented vegetarian.  I fantasise about renting an allotment.  Two problems with that: one, I already fear I'm turning into Arthur Fowler (Eastenders addicts of old will appreciate the analogy); and, I can't seem to drag myself out of bed until after noon these days, and I hear the best time to nurture one's fledgeling veggies is first thing in the morning. - I like thinking, a lot.  However, too much thinking leads to thoughts of outlandish scenarios, so I come back to a solid need for good empirical evidence, so long as that evidence is properly thought through and it is realised that the interpretation of that evidence is synechdochically subjective.  Confused? Try my job.  OK, off to bed now friends.  Ebay has furnished me The Carpenter's Gold album.  Excited about falling asleep listening to Rainy Days and Mondays.   *  There's some pics on this person's website: gratitudes to them, whoever they may be.  They seemed to enjoy their holiday though.   urlLink  http://www.luphen.org.uk/public/2002/2002lakes4.htm