email from  Thom Holcomb  Peeps,  Does anyone have information on Citizen Police Review Boards? If so, please forward the info to the list or to me so I can pass it on.  I received an email from a poet friend of mine, J'malo, who lives in North Memphis. It reads:   --  --  --  --  -- Quoting the late great Malcolm X, "Anything below the Canadian border is the Ol' Dirty South". Apparently that statement stills holds true in 2003. In America it is still legal to lynch Black Men. The death of Mr. Keith Harris should not only be appalling to the Black community, but to the entire nation as a whole. According to one report Mr. Harris ran into a wooded area and shots were fired, no-one knows who shot first. Another report states that no gun was found. Another report reads that a gun was found in the area. Then it was said that Mr. Harris killed himself, which LIE is the truth? Unfortunately Keith Harris is dead, he can not defend himself. So more than likely the guilty officers will not be brought up on charges of murder because the star witness is dead, just like the case of 17 year old Rodie Gossett who was killed by a "mushy trigger" at the hands of Peter Nicholson. These hate crimes can no longer be allowed to occur!! When Reginald Rome defended his home against who he thought were burglars, he was charged with murder and will stand trial for the death penalty. But those with a badge have a state given right to murder Black Men at any given moment. The entire community was upset when a police officer shot a dog, but little is said when Black Men are assassinated by police. The rest of the community had best to take notes. When one man is in bondage, no man is free.  --  --  --  --  --  J'malo went to school with Keith, and Keith came out to see J'malo perform at Africa in April. For some of us, police violence, unchecked murders by the police represents an injustice, an issue, something we speak out against - for others, it is a life danger - a tragedy that is a potential reality any day of the week.  Originally, I spoke with Steve Tammelleo about kicking off our embrace of other peace and justice issues with some commentary from the folks working to right the wrongs of environmental racism in Memphis. After reading J'malo's letter, I have asked J'malo to speak for 10 minutes or so at the next Poetry Not Bombs, Saturday, June 14, 8 PM on police violence against citizens of Memphis.  Some of you have seen J'malo perform - he writes, directs and acts in plays, he performs poetry and hosts a monthly poetry open mike, he can be seen singing at top notch Memphis clubs (like Isaac Hayes' joint) and he volunteers much time to work with the youth in his neighborhood and at other schools. Not only that, he works a full time job in a cubicle. He is articulate, gracious and a true "Dirty South Soldier" (more along the lines of Malcolm X and less along the lines of what you might hear on Hot 107.1 FM)  In the months to come, we hope to line up speakers and performers to address certain issues and to update us on particular actions and/or organizations working to bring peace and justice to Memphis and the Mid-South. Your suggestions and comments are always welcome.  I hope you'll mark your calendars and join us for another Poetry Not Bombs at the One Love Organic Juice Bar & Soulful Vegetarian Cafe!  Thom Holcomb - - - - -  urlLink http://memphispoetry.com  For Memphis Poets and Friends! articles, reviews and reader comments welcome! ------------------------ Poetry. People. Community.