So I'm back in Thailand now and I can blog.  I'm tired and should be in bed but I felt the need to check my mail and I had to eat before bed so here I am.  Too much has happened in the past 16 days for me to possible put into words in a single entry.  With that being said I'll just spit out whatever comes to mind.  First I'll say Myanmar is by far the most foriegn place I've ever been.  The men wear skirts (they're actually called longi, or something like that), and all have red teeth b/c they chew on this nasty nut.  Then the women put this cream made of some sort of bark all over their face.  These were the first things that hit me when I got there.  Burma is so not a tourist country compared to anywhere else I've been.  There are tourist there but they are few and far between.  I was lucky and ended up traveling with an Israeli girl and and Austrian.  Both of them turned out to be really cool and great company.  I got to do most everything I wanted to do.  While I was there all the bad weather I'd missed this summer seemed to catch up with me.  When I was in the South it rained everyday.  Things go better up North but there some flooded areas that made it difficult to get around.  There was one city I wanted to get to but couldn't b/c of flooded roads.  But I made the best of it and went somewhere else and had a great time.  Going there is literally like walking back in time.  If I had one real complaint it would be with transportation and road conditions.  If you ever go there you should expect to spend a hell of a lot of time on buses getting places.  Rides take forever no matter how short the distance.  This getting annoying after a while.  But I had to say  I had a great experiance.  There is no "one place" that sticks out as the best or most memorable but instead it was all new and exicting.  I really liked Burmese tea, I'll miss it a great deal.  From here who knows where I'll go.  It all depends on when I'm needed back in Korea to start work.  I'm waiting on an e-mail from my boss.  As usual he is extremely unorganized.  Tomorrow I'll just relax and go watch a movie I think.  Ok I'm drained and it's time to bring this to a close.  I'm sure I'll blog again tomorrow.  Night night.