chrismay baluyot wrote:   Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2002 03:17:41 -0700 (PDT) From: chrismay baluyot  Subject: Fwd: Re:  To: maychrisb@yahoo.com   Why do you have to do this to me? I'll be brutally honest with you. I loved talking to you but reminding myself of that lost love just gives me no reason to move on. But I am over it already.   Just like you, I just can't seem to understand why some people have to be so concerned about it when both Joel and I are completely done with it.    The efforts that you're having now are simple signs of insecurity. I also think that you are a very selfish woman because I know that you're doing just to have your own peace of mind....   I am also aware of the reason why you are trying to talk things out.  You wanted to fish some information which Joel couldn't provide you.  If he did, his words would not satisfy you unless you hear them from me.  The reason why I have decided to keep quiet was because I wanted you to discover it for yourself... to know Joel on your own. I even told you na hindi na ako makikialam sa last e-mail ko sa'yo.  Try to recall. Bakit ngayon mo lang na-realize yun? There are things that should be left unsaid because they are all pretty obvious. Such is this one. Sarili mo lang ang iniisip mo.    Only Joel and I know the reason why we are apart now. You may be his present and his future but you are not part of our past.  So let it be! I don't know where you gather your strength from talking with me about you and him and me and him. Parang sanay na sanay ka. To tell you my dear, third party din ang rason ng break up ko with my first bf.  Madali lang talagang makalimot pag third party na usapan. So this isn't new to me as well and I know how to handle it pretty well. Unlike you, I don't have the guts to talk to that other party.  Buhay na nila yun e. I have my life as well. No matter how painful it is, Joel also had his past girlfriends before I came into his life. There was this person whom he became intimate with and was a special friend of mine.  I trusted Joel's words and his stories of her were all that I have.Try to respect me as Joel's past as I did to his past girfriend.   My principle behind realtionships is plain and simple, give it your best shot so that there won't be any regrets.  Pray for direction. If it didn't work (naniniwala ako sa divine intervention) then no regrets!   We may be talking about one and the same man but we are talking about two different time and space.  You don't have to comfort me with those kind words because you are irritating me even more. It doesn't sound so sincere. I'm sorry pero feeling ko dalang-dala yun ng pagiging magaling mong artista. You are not even my friend.    We are not in a competition. I can, however, sense the competition by the way we communicate.  I may not be feeling well everytime I'm reminded of what happened but I DID NOTHING TO HARM ANY OF YOU AND THAT'S THE SWEETEST REVENGE THAT I CAN HAVE. Revenge pa rin yun however we put it, di ba? We confessed that we have our own share of nightmares. You and Joel may be my worst nightmares but that used to happen MONTHS AGO.  I'm afraid I'll be having them once again. Dreams are part of our subconscious. I'll be thinking about your stories about him, your picture together, and the reason why he chose you over me.  Pain is self-chosen.  I guess we both chose pain by exchanging notes about a common lover. Gaga tayo pareho. Period.   I'm not even sure if the people who are bugging you are my friends or they just happen to know Joel's past or background.  I am aware that Joel has a lot of admirers even when we were in college. Feeling ko hindi lang ikaw ang gusto nilang sirain.  Pati ako sinisira nila.  They'll do anything para magalit sakin si Joel.   But it's not important to me anymore.  Mas maganda nga yun, it's easier to think that the man who has caused me loads of pain after our break-up now hates me instead of wishing that somehow, he felt sorry for me and that somehow he misses me.  We can't undo the things that had been done.  All of the turn of events are really going mad. Alam kong marami pang gagawing kataranduhan yung mga taong yun just to destroy either of us. Natawa na lang ako when I last saw satine's msg, parang mas pinagtanggol ka pa niya.  She used to be my friend di ba? Nakakairita kasi, the more I was tempted to get back at them. Meron kang anonymous text messages.  Now, someone has been trying to access Joel's e-mail.  Now there's Catherine.  So, who's next? what's next? A plot for us to meet? Mag-away? Mag-isnaban? Magsampalan? We've been handling things like educated people but i have to keep on saying this, I am expecting the unexpected.      I was so surprised when you asked me if we could talk over the phone. I didn't have to but I remembered the time when I was so harrassed by what that satine did.  You did not hesitate to talk to me that time and it helped me clarify things out. I entertained your call last week just to get even with your coolness.  Tama yung hinala ko, there's something wrong. I'm expecting the worse already.  Kapag ang message ay galing sa inyo ni Joel, trouble ang katapat. That was also the reason why I blocked ur addresses together with satine and joel.  Ayoko na ng gulo.  Things were getting worse already.May mga tao talagang ayaw ng katahimikan.     But I was wondering... when it was satine who's been sending us this message thing, parang wala lang sa'yo when in fact, as I could recall, mas malala yung mga sinabi niya about you.  You read Catherine's message to me over the phone and there was nothing wrong with it. And there you were, so eager to know if it was me who did it.  Why didn't you keep your cool towards Catherine's message to you? Di ba nga dapat mas secured ka na... It's been 8 mos., ikaw na nagsabi. You and Joel are planning to get married.  So, what's the purpose of this letter? of this picture? of your phone call?   I told you that I have blocked your  e-mail and here you are again, gumawa ka pa ng bagong e-mail mo just to make sure that I will receive your messages.  You even used all of my e-mail ad.  BTW, I'm not using teacher_crismay to send personal e-mail ads (only to store my lesson plans) so how did u know it? I'm just wondering.   I am reading between the lines in your letter.  Hindi ko rin alam kung bakit kailangan mong ipagdukdukan ang relationship nyo ni Joel sa akin by sending me your picture with him.  Have I seen it? Paano? How would you feel if you see my pictures with Joel? I'm actually planning to send everything to you... sunugin mo pa kung gusto mo.    Never in my life have I imagined myself being involved in this thing.  Kababawan. I'd rather die in pain silently and continue living. I'm sorry pero nachi-cheapan nako sa mga nangyayari.  Parang soap opera. Parang part ng script ng isa sa mga stage play. I am aware of the drama's of life pero hindi ko pinipilit yung sarili ko para magmukhang bida na kinaaawaan.    No matter how we convince ourselves that Joel is yours and that you're both happy and I'm his past, words are just not enough to explain or rationalize things.  We can't rationalize the realities of life... we just have to accept it.  Unless we do, we'll just keep on quenching our thirst for explanation and convince ourselves that we are truly satisfied on how things went on.   One piece of advice, if you are going to spend forever with someone, you have to be ready with the consequences.  I remember Joel's words, before, our predisposition towards a relationship will always be the same no matter how we try to change ourselves. Joel and I are living proofs to that.   Marami ka pang pagdadaanan (hindi lang ito).  Marami pang taong makikialam.   On the other hand, don't try to use other people just to have him. Ikaw na ang nagsabi, lahat gagawin mo just to own his entire being.  I don't know how far you can go with this sutff.  It's your words against mine.  I'm telling you all of these because no matter how beautifully you wrote your letter to me, it's underlying message is clear and simple.  Kung balak kong manggulo, expect the worse. And my goodness, you really expected the worst! I realized na yung taong iniimagine mong sasaksak sa'yo e ako.  Ni hindi man lang sumagi sa ulo ko.   O nga pala, you love drama kaya ikaw na mismo ang gumagawa ng drama ninyo ni Joel (para mag-away?) kung minsan.  Is this part of your drama Margo?   Stop trying to act like you're a nice person to me because I think you are  not.  Because if you are, matagal mo na akong pinatahimik. You're insensitivity says it all. I told you that I don't have both of your numbers and e-mail ads. Hindi mo na nirespeto yun. You are good at giving advice to other people.  I guess it's just but proper to give yourself a sound advice about how you handle things right now.    Since you made such a great effort to send this message to me, I'll also make sure that mine will reach you as well.  I don't know how far this can get but what you did really disappointed me. Sobra na.  Forgive me for my sarcasm. I know I'll be sorry for what I wrote here one day. Iba lang talaga ako pag napupuno.  Sabi ko sa'yo mas gusto ko ng action kesa drama pag-nagagalit.   I know that you are still trying to prove something.  Kung ano man yun, I don't give a damn anymore.    Above all these angst that I have written in this letter, just like you, I also wish you your happiness. If you think that your happiness really depends on your relationship with Joel, so be it.  We all hope to end up with a prince charming anyway. I plan to pray for you as well but I'll make sure that my prayers for you will be sincere and honest. Mahirap magsinungaling kay Lord.  I can't do that now because what you just did really annoyed me.  Baka maisumpa lang kita ng di-oras. Alam kong prangka kang tao kaya masisikmura mo itong hate mail ko sa'yo    I just think that you have the right to know these. Perhaps, with this letter, we'll both realize that we are really bound to hate each other in this lifetime. I still wish you good luck no matter what.   form Margo:  Hi MAY! we had a good talk last week...actually...it was a terrible but a  good mistake (pretty ironic huh?) in a way I think we both needed that. And  I love talking to you as well. I am so sorry that i have been so  inconsiderate and insensitive to your feelings. You told me a lot of things  about the past you and Joel shared and I shared with you our present. After  that conversation I haven't been able to focus much on my work...I was at a  taping in Batangas for a soap opera and the things you said just kept on  popping inside my head. Just like you, I have nightmares of you and Joel  getting back together just as you have nightmares of seeing us happy. But  then I wake up and he's there beside me...holding on to me. You were right  the first time when you told me that it( communication we are having)  wouldn't help any of us. There are things about Joel that I would like to  discover for myself...You knew him well and I would love to get to know him  on my own... it has been eight months already...I am terribly sorry that you  are in pain and that we are happy. I know exactly how you are feeling...been  through the same lot my dear. In your own time and pace and with God's grace  you'll feel better. It is not easy being dumped for another woman. (And  never in life have I dreamed of being that other woman.) You will not  understand it and you'll refuse to accept it.Why her? she's nothing...she  doesn't even know you...you don't even know her! the evil side of you will  always want blood and revenge! you would eventually try to murder me...  you'll say to yourself that they can't and wont be happy because I am not!  You'll feel this tingling sensation in your bones and your heart would want  to escape your chest everytime you will hear my or his name. Just thinking  about it would make you want to barf. But you see, you are his past and I  am his present and his future...I love this man more than anything...and I  know you love him as well...It just so happens that he loves me back.  We both didn't answer each other when we both asked what am I too you...or  was it how do you feel about me? To be honest... at first, I was afraid of  you...of the things you could do to us... I wished you weren't so  irritatingly perfect and disgustingly undersatnding. I wished he didn't  loved you at all. But you are irritatingly perfect and disgustingly  understanding and he loved you. I said to myself the first time I sent you  an email..."You are one hell of a sick bitch!" (i'm refering to myself here)  But I did it anyway...I wanted to get to know you to lessen my doubts and  fears and my guilt. At first it was simply because I wanted to find out if  he made the right decision...if I was better than you. Well you know what i  am not better than you and you are not better than me either. We are just  two different woman who happens to love the same man. i hated Joel when he  told me that he told you that we sort of look a like...(not in a bad way, i  just hate to be compared and I am not comfortable unless I am distinct). I  am obsessed about you. Just as those loser friends ( sorry!) of yours are  obsessed about me. For us to really move on... we should forgive each other  and stop hurting each other anymore.it is not easy to let go but we are left  with no other options but to do so.the past is not for living in (actually  that line is more for me) i want peace in our relationship and I know you  want it in your life as well. Things happen for a reason...I haven't been  really happy before Joel came...I am happy but superficial happy... being  able to do something that I am so passionate about, meeting new and  interesting people, making all that money, going out evry night (who cares  if it's school night!)...I mean I have a full but empty life (if you know  what I'm talking about) Maybe I just need him more than you do and maybe I  am the one he needs as well. He brought direction to my life...and I brought  direction to his. He taught me that life is not one big glamourous show...  Remember when we both found out that he gave us the same bracelet for  christmas...it nearly blew my head off. I wanted to wring his neck because  that bracelet meant a lot to me...but you see it doesn't make it less  special because he gave the same thing to you... I know that now. I wish you  all the happiness in this world and I sincerely hope that you'll find the  one for you. Or maybe he'll find you? Take care my friend.  sometimes there is no plan... we may have all that anecdotes and creeds to  live by but all we really have to do is breathe everyday and see what  happens...   always, margo  * i will be silently praying for your happiness. Don't worry I will take  care of him and his family. I don't know if you have seen this but I also  attached our fave pic together...