Yay! Weekend. It's almost over though...grrr....  On Saturday I woke up at eight so we could catch the 10:20 showing of Hidalgo. It got bad reviews but I really wanted to see it. I invited Amanda but she wasn't around when I called on Friday and it was too short notice for her to come when I called on Sunday. I felt bad for waking her up. Sorry Amanda. :-) In any case, it was a really good movie. It did seem a bit cliche with him being the son of an Indian chief's daughter and a white calvary man. However, Viggo did a wonderful job acting the part, and I'm glad he was able to sucessfully drop the Aragorn in him and pick up the Hawkins in him. I love Hidalgo! Makes me miss Midnight for some reason, and makes me want to be around GenGen, Sundae, and Charlotte more...Poor Horsie...  Then I came home and played Cups with Keyan, Jorge, Maribel, and Shelby. It was hilarious. I totally lost, I had CUPSSSSSSS because I lost so many times and they still let me play even though I should have been 'out'. It was funny.  After that I went running at the Airport Park, three miles. I got just over 24 minutes, which isn't very good but isn't incredibly slow either. Somewhere in the middle. It makes me feel better to know that I run better than most of the people in my gym class and at least a portion of my High School. I keep telling my self that...I'm starting to think I should run the mile event instead of a two-mile. I got a damn good time at that last Armory Meet for my split mile. But I'm probably also on the 4 by 8 team.  So then I came home and went to bed.  Went to church this morning and now I'm going to Kohl's to buy a new pair of running shoes. Why we're going to Kohl's eludes me, but maybe they're having a sale or something and my mom wants to make the most of it. Something like that. Dunno.  Ewwww...school tomorrow. And it's a B-Day too, so it will really really stink. Having Monday be a B-day is one of the worst things...Well, at least it means no more carpentry. Besides that, it also means that the Team Locker room will be open finally and I can grab a locker for Jenn and Kendra and me.