Ah the therapeutic goodness of blogging. I guess I really don't have a lot of interesting stuff to say but since I have even less to do I'll just talk about whatever comes to mind. First and foremost I can't wait to get back in Korea. This is the longest I've been sober since I can possibly remember. I really miss the night life and just being able to go out and do whatever til whenever. Oh those were the days, and they soon will be again, LIKE willing. I'll give a cyber shout out to Caleb who helped me clean up my site a little bit. But I did get it up and running by myself, which I am very proud of. I have enjoyed everyone else's blogs immensely. Andrew you need to blog more often. You're blogging habits are deplorable. I know this coming from someone who is just now starting a page but I plan to do a pretty good job. My brother came back yesterday from Key West Florida where he was attending some sort of combat dive school. He is in the army and going active infantry. What a nut. Unfortunately I have to get up early tomorrow to go up to Atlanta. But the cause is a good one, it will be my grandmother's 90th b-day. Man and I thought I was getting old.  On to stuff about the person who so unlovingly motivated me to finally start my sight. Still no word from Han Nae. My only real gripe is that I think I am owed a decent explanation, which has been absent as of yet. I have no problems parting with her but I do want to do it on good terms. I had a good time with her and I don't want this to taint it or damage my opinion of her. I think honesty is the best policy and I'd respect her so much more for just being up front with me. But alas she is Korean. So I've pretty much resolved to never talk to her again unless she contacts me in some way shape or form. I'm not holding my breath. So bottom line being she bowed out, but she didn't do it with grace.  In movie news I saw Underwold and Dickie Roberts. Both were pretty good. Underworld was a great geek movie. But I have to say Dickie Roberts could have been a bit better and I was expecting a little more out of it. That's all, I just wanted to end on a happier note