Or some more of that sex with FBI from last weekend.  Yum!  This week has pretty much been a train wreck!  Tuesday night Cop asks me if when his wife is around if I won't talk to him, or even acknowledge him, and he'll do the same to me.  He said we'll just have to act like we hate eachother.  This is because she gets really upset when she sees us getting along.  I was speechless when he said this, I got SO fuckin pissed!  I got up, walked out of the apartment, slammed the door and just started crying outside.  He asked me to come back inside so we could talk, I told him that I can't live like that, and if that's the way it's going to be I'm leaving.  He said that's not even an option.  So we got to talking about his wife and he said that her friendship with me is fake because she just turns around and talks shit behind my back.  I was like OH HELL NO!  So, I let a couple of her cats out of the bag and told him some shit she asked me not to.  So the next day they were fighting all day, and he told her everything I told him, and he said they need space and he doesn't want her coming to out apartment anymore.  Yay!  SOOOOO... OF COURSE, she starts blowing my phone up, leaving me voice mails saying thanks for destroying their family, and their kids can me to thank for taking their dad away from them, blah blah blah.  This bitch is crazy, she called 48 times that night!  I finally answered and told her to shove her voice mails up her ass.  If I wanted to break up their family so bad why would i volunteer to babysit so they can go on dates, and to counseling?  Why would I leave my own home on the weekends so they can have the apartment to themselves?  Why would I help pay his bills, and buy groceries for their fuckin family???  I also admitted to telling Cop everything because he told me how 2 faced she is, and how much shit she talks behind my back.  Of course, she denied everything, said he's a liar and said he's the one that talks all the shit about me.  She started saying some of the things that he supposedly says, and I started to believe her because there's no way she could've made some of it up.  So I'm like wow!  This is my so called best friend saying this shit about me.  I'm sitting there crying my eyes out on the phone with her telling her I'm tired of both of their head games, and I need to leave and get out of the situation.  Then she started acting hella nice telling me that he's my best friend and he does care about me, and that I can't leave.  Now, the ONLY reason both of them are so adamant about me staying is because he can not survive financially without me.  There is no possible way he can afford to live on his own right now.  He can't even pay his 1/2 of the rent and utilities!  I pay the fuckin utilities!  He also has nowhere to go, so if I leave, he's fucked.  Which right now sounds pretty good considering how much I've done for him, and what I've found out he's saying about me.  I told her I don't give a fuck what happens to him, he should've thought about that before he opened his mouth.  This whole conversation she's telling me how she doesn't need him, and she's ready to finish off the divorce, and move on.  So we finally get off the phone at like 1am, I go to sleep.  Then, from 3-3:30am my phone is ringing non stop, I pick it up and it's her, crying.  She said that Cop had turned his phone off that's why she keeps calling me, then she starts asking me why I would do this to their family, and the least I could do is tell him he's making a mistake and to let her stay at our apartment.  I told her I don't owe either of them shit, that she needs to get some sleep, and I hung up.  The next morning Cop asks me why I'm dragging ass and I told him that because he turned his phone off, his psycho fuckin wife wouldn't stop calling me all night.  He had nothing to say to that.  Yesterday I called Cop's mom and we had lunch together.  I told her everything, and asked her advice.  She said I need to tell both of them that I don't want anything to do with their marriage and not to ever talk to me about eachother again, to keep me out of it.  So yesterday I told Cop's wife exactly that.  She said ok.  I haven't talked to Cop yet, not a word.  I don't even want to face him.  The things that she told me he said about me are so fucked up.  So yesterday I got home, went straight to bed at 5:30, and woke up this morning at 7am.  Tonight I'm going out for lots and lots of drinks with my old roommate, and going to the bay area for more drinking this weekend.  I guess I'll decide what I need to do about the living situation next week when I sober up.