I have just experienced what was possibly the weirdest weekend of my entire life. It was spent entirely in a cosy hotel on Lake Windermere with 9 other people for company, and included Em's 18th birthday party, flirting with a 40 year old and my dad's wedding.  So let's begin at the most obvious place: The Beginning. I was collected at 2.30pm from home by Daddy Dearest to be carted off to Worcester for final packing and panicking. We set off at the RIDICULOUS hour of 8.30am the next morning and arrived at the Langdale Chase hotel for lunchtime. We proceeded to the bar, where I discovered the joy of tabs (This weekend's most used sentence? "Just put it on room 20") and by 5pm everyone had arrived:  1. Me  2. Em  3. Dad  4. Sue  5. Sue's mum Marion  6. Sue's dad Roger  7. Sue's brother David  8. David's wife Claire  9. Sue's mate Debbie  10. Dad's mate Paul   Much complaining about traffic occurred before we were ushered into the restaurant for Em's 18th party, which was fun due to party bags and balloons. After a HUGE meal which included two desserts (both cake- oops), we headed into the piano room for Tequila: Cue much amusement on my (sober) part watching Dad, Sue, Em, Debbie and Paul's faces screw up in disgust after each slammer. Ha. One by one everyone left for bed until finally it was just, Me, Em and Paul. At about 1am we headed up to bed, where Me and She ended up (quite logically after some- ahem- mutual revelations) talking about affairs with older men. Then to sleep...   We awoke accidentally an hour early on Sunday(THE WEDDING DAY) due to the clocks deciding to move in the middle of the night- breakfast was brought to the room by a rather nice young waiter who I then spent the rest of the day telling people was "with us for breakfast", mwahahaha. FIT. At 1pm I retired to my room to do my makeup, which immediately prompted my face to go the colour of milk with red blotches. I went for a walk. Somehow (*innocent look*) I arrived outside Paul's room, but due to his in-the-bath nature, I went to the bar for a cold drink and some deep breathing. Skin soon resumed its normal complexion and I was able to proceed with the dressing process. At 2.20pm we arrived in the bar to much oohing and aahing, before heading up to the bridal suite to collect, well, the bride. We walked down the stairs into the main hall at 3pm to Puccini and by 3.20pm we were exiting the hall for champagne and photos to Bon fucking Jovi. Good Grief. In between time, Daddy Dearest married Wicked Stepmother, I read a sonnet and felt strangely apart from the whole event. It was as though I wasn't part of the new life, simply a reminder of the old one, dad's dark beginnings; a skeleton in some sort of metaphorical closet. We went outside into the cold and did photos, toasts and comparisons of shoes. The party then carried on in the function room for another HUGE meal where I, feeling much more relaxed about Em knowing about it, flirted a bit with Paul. I am fully aware that you now think I'm a sick, twisted individual who is just asking for trouble, but he's just. So. FIT. And kind. And  very  complimentary towards me and Em about our looks. And it wasn't disgusting, I wasn't all over him, just smiling, playing with hair, laughing at jokes, a little bit (more) touchy-feely. I was much more concerned about Em: hanging off his arm, touching his leg, asking him to go OUTSIDE with her ALONE for a "WALK" because she was "HOT". He didn't go in the end; I took the opportunity to point out my sister's frisky behaviour at which point he abstained from opinion. Unfortunately, I was unaware at this point she was stood at the window listening in. Oops. I went outside to look for her (in the DARK- clearly an indication of how caring I am towards her; I am NOT a dark person), and on finding her was given ICY shoulder so I went back inside and sat by the fire. She appeared on the balcony a while later and relative normality was resumed, if you can call normality eating sausage sandwiches at 11.30pm while Dad sleeps, pissed, in a chair in the middle of the hall as his bride attempts to get him to go to bed. Once again, by 12.30 it was just Me, She and Paul. We ended up talking about the marriage, how I felt about it and how Sue felt about Me and Em. Em made a comment: "She's better than some of his other partners, and I never met his first wife." Thanks, sis, that makes me feel a whole lot better. I left for bed and after a "chat" with Paul, Em followed.   We awoke again this morning with breakfast from FIT waiter, then we packed and headed down to meet everyone at breakfast. Millions of goodbyes occurred, and finally Sue's parents and I left the hotel for a boat ride and a long, sleepy journey home.   Right now I am considering texting Paul. Every time someone said something that involved the title of a song, we both said "That could be a song", which provided much amusement and a strange element of consistency throughout the whole tale. We said "Cheers" to each other more times than I think I've ever said cheers to anyone in my entire life, and although he's twice my age I spent most of the weekend feeling as though I'd rather be in his room cracking jokes and talking music than listening to Em drone on about Chris/Ben and whatever other boy might be in her life at the moment. He was the constant in the weekend, he didn't change, he didn't get married, he didn't go off in a strop. Dad got it right in his speech, he's "fucking rock solid". And this is not a random diatribe of some lovesick teenage girl with odd fantasies; I doubt I would ever end up doing anything even remotely naughty with Paul, I just felt close to him, he was my mate for the weekend, which was just what I needed at a time when everything that was ever dependable was thrown entirely out of place, out of time and, most of all, out of context. I needed a friend, and he was it. And anyway, he's banned me from being naughty. I now have to send him proposals 3 weeks in advance of what I plan to do, where and with whom I plan to do it. In triplicate. He's also decided he wants to interview any prospective boyfriends before Daddy Dearest meets them. This (clearly) means I'm going to have to visit his house more often...   Ceff x    Lean on me, when you're not strong...