I'm feeling really tired and it's barely eight o'clock in the evening so that's obviously a little bit frustrating.  Must remember to eat more vitamins and take regular strolls along Yarmouth's inviting seafront.    I managed to bang out a draft of my C.V today for this publishing job so I'm pleased about that even if it did take me most of the afternoon.  I still haven't finished tweaking the covering letter but once it's all polished I'll feel much better.  Doing my C.V made me realise that I've achieved a lot more than I thought I had over the past two years (always the way eh?) and so I'm generally feeling much more positive about my employability.  I still feel a bit anxious about moving to London though, especially because of how draining I found living in Paris.  Train of thought just got derailed...  what was I thinking about?  Ah yes.  I'm starting to get a bit restless here which is a bit worrying as I've only been here for a couple of days but it's not all that surprising as there isn't a great deal for me to do except watch T.V and bugger around on the Internet.  I suppose I could just take a holiday as I'm feeling a bit better but I don't really want to go away on my own.  Any offers people?  I've still never been to Cornwall even though I have a real yearning to spend some time there (no idea why - rugged coastline, wild, spiritual - that's the image in my head anyway).  I'm glad I pulled out of the summer school job but I could do with a change of scenery.  I feel like a battery that can't hold it's charge.  I want to get to the bottom of this tiredness thing once and for all or I fear it will just mar my adult life.  On the way home from 'the shop at the back' as our local Spar equivalent is locally known, I re-noticed some of the weirdest street furniture you ever did see.  Bollards in the shape of an animal more commonly found in the Arctic Circle than on the Norfolk Coast.  Polar bears? Blue whales? Yeti?  No my friends, the powers that be in their wisdom chose to install bollards in the shape of PENGUINS.  Penguins!!!  I know that the humble Fish Finger may have been invented here but frankly is there any need for this?  Did the tea lady spike the local councillors hot beverages with acid?  It's the only explanation if you ask me.