............................... setting up your blog ...............................  hey y'all -- welcome to this crazy new world of BLOGGING!  I've included some links over on the right hand side of the page for you to explore if you're interested in the phenomenon of Blogging.  But reading those links isn't a requirement for this class.  Setting up your own blog IS.   So I'm going to devote the remainder of this blog to explaining to you HOW to set up your blog.    1.  You may want to be able to continue to read this page WHILE you're setting up your blog -- that way you can read this list *&* follow the steps simultaneously.  SO, go up to your FILE menu and select NEW WINDOW.  2. in your new window address bar, type in the following URL:   www.blogger.com  3.  Now you should CLICK the "start now" button in the middle top of the page.   4. Filling out the form should be standard for you -- I suggest that your USERNAME be a name that you use to sign in with other accounts (so that you won't forget it) -- the other boxes are self explanatory.  Make sure you click the TERMS OF SERVICE box before you click NEXT.  5. On this next page you may name your page anything you like -- and you may describe your page anyway you like.  I always say that the simpler -- the better.  At the top of my page -- you can see (me)dia -- that's the title I chose.  The next bit -- "Andrew blogs publicly about media."  that's my description.  You can go back and change these anytime, so don't spend too much time thinking about it...click on public blog (so we can read it -- you can make your own private one some other time...)now click NEXT again.  6.  Host it at blogspot. NEXT  7. You have to come up with a URL name.  That's what you'll type into the bar above in order to get back here.  Make it easy.  Something you'll remember.  Ideally something like your title or your username...  8. Pick your "look" and --   BOOM!  you're done.   Brilliant.  Type yourself an experimental message -- or publish to the whole world...PREVIEW your message and then PUBLISH.   NOW be sure to send me your URL right away (with  your first and last names)  the URL was the last thing you chose before your look  -- and the thing that is up in the box above your explorer when you look at your blog.  it starts:   http://www.[something goes here] .blogspot.com  I'm going to make  urlLink a list of our class blogs  that you'll be able to cut and paste together and read each other's blogs with simple clicks of your fingers...  I hope you're excited about this experience.   I've made a few "REAL" media entries.  One on  urlLink radio  (which is really about media diet) and one on  urlLink the real world  (which is partly about storytelling conventions and partly about media diet).  I don't expect your entries to read like mine -- or even like each others -- I expect that each of us have a unique enough perspective that we can say really unique things.  In our own voices.  I do want you to be reflective, focus on media, and integrate knowledge from class. Kind of like the ones y'all will be making as soon as you want to.  You could even do it now! (or after you do some reading / surfing / thinking...)  Remember the point is not to BE entertained, but to ENTERTAIN.  peace~