Long time no blog, and I don't even know where to begin.  I'm too tired to really hash through it all now.  I'd advise reading Caleb's blog as he has done a pretty darn good job at summing the craziness up.  My vacation really wasn't anything special.  I wish I'd gone somewhere or done something but I really didn't have anywhere to go or anyone to go with.  Tonight I hung out with Gyeh-son by here school.  We grabbed some food and then hit a DVD room.  We watched League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.  I'd heard it wasn't so good but man I have to say I thought it wasn't bad at all.  In fact I'd have to say it was pretty good.  Being a comic fan I'm a big fan of the whole super hero angel.  After putting her in a cab the lights of Dunkin Donuts caught my eyes and I just had to have two of them.  And that I did.  Caleb and Tim downed a couple on Monday night and I guess I'd been wanting some since then.  LIKE is beginning to get back on my nerves.  They are trying to start new classes again.  The problem is that they can only start classes with little kids.  Anyone with any kind of English speaking ability stays the hell away from the school.  This means more lessons of kids one lesson one.  Shoot me now.   I'll summarize Friday and be done for tonight.  Friday was pretty tame compared to what I'm used to.  I met up with Gyeh-son and we watched 2 Fast 2 Furious.  Terrible movie but fun none the less.  We then played some board games, which I managed to win.  This is surprizing b/c she is a pretty darn good.  We then had dessert and she headed home.  I tried to find someone to giver with but nobody was around and to be honest I was pretty tired.  I went home and got a decent nights sleep.   Ok I'm wrecked.  I'm going home.  It was a blast to read everyone's blogs seeing as how I haven't made it to a PC bang in days.  Apologies go out to Mieka.  Apparently there are some unbecoming posts concerning you on my tag board.  As soon as I'm in a pc room where I can see the board and access the site that it works off of I'll take care of it.  Currently I'm not.  Sleep sleep sleep.