hi.  i'm crazy.  i was driving back from godforsaken san bernadino (215 to the 15 to the 138 to the 14 to k st to 15 st w ((where i live by the way, in racketclubapartments))) in even more godforsaken lancaster. i threw on a wilco cd and zoned out as i climbed up and up and up 3000 ft, 4000 ft.  i missed my exit.  drove 5 miles then missed the next exit because a damn semi was in my way.  (damn semis drive so slow.)   i drove 5 more miles then and took the 3rd exit. it was somewhere south of victorville about 200 miles from vegas and approx. 150 from l.a.  it was a nice lonely intersection i'd come to.  but a 24 hour truck stop there was packed, must be having a trucker party or something. there was a seedy looking place called 'phil's outpost' that i despriately wanted to dine at.  but i was tired and need to get back to the sweet a.v. i didn't want to back track, so i took the 395 over towards adelanto.  it sounded familiar.  the stars were out and seemed to be having a bigger party than the truckers. after a while i cut off on some road toward phelan.  it sounded no really familiar at all, but what the hell, it's not like i'm going anywhere anyways. i was cruising for a while till the wilco ran out.  it was then i noticed i was below 'E' on the gas meter and was smack in the middle of b.f.egypt. i kept on motoring and came upon the great metropolis of Phelan.  i passed a few run down buildings until i noticed a darkened gas station. i pulled in, hoping the pumps would be on, and, they, weren't. i didn't have much hope that i would find gas anywhere soon, my phone was getting zero reception, and none of the buildings had lights on. i decided to try and make it to something for what it was worth. but my car wouldn't start.  i got out and sat leaned against my car and looked up at the stars. the big dipper was there.  he was just chillin'. after a few minutes i saw a truck approaching.  it pulled up to the 4-way stop.  "Here we go," I thought," It's a crazed band of drunked Rednecks on a rampage.  I'm dead." The truck slowly approached and pulled into the station.  It was beat to hell. There was a dog yapping wildly in the passenger's seat. a very large, fat man with a mullet got out. he was wearing a Dale Earnhart t-shirt and was holding a beer can. I thought, "oh great. this is too classic. where's the shotgun? how many shots will it take him to finish me?" He waddled over real slowly and looked at me for a minute. "you lookin for drugs?" he asked me. "no, I ran out of gas," i said very scared.  Drugs?  what does that mean.  I figured this guy ran a meth lab or something.  Great. "well shit, I got a can in the back of my truck," he said.  Praise good for this hopped up redneck angel. He put a few gallons in. "That should get ya to Littlerock," he said. "Sure ya dont' want any drugs?" I declined, tried to offer him money, but he wouldn't take any.  I thanked him started to get in my car. "What you doing out here from Michigan?" he asked seeing my license plate. I explained that i went to college in LA, moved up here to work at the paper. "Shit man, they got some good racin in Michigan.  Good huntin too.  my cousin shot a 12-point buck up there, shoulda seen the rack on that thing." He kept talking.  A LONG TIME.  I nodded. Damn it.  I said I had to leave about 5 times.  I was getting tired.  The man was obviously drunk. Finally i said.  "well, gotta go thanks alot man." I closed my car door and quickly took off.