I just got back home. Today was another good day. Remember I told you guys that I was going to teach middle school today. Well I guess they cancelled because all I did today was work in the office. I was counting all the testing materials they used. It was an interesting day because I was able to observe the counselor of the school. I was working in that office. It was interesting because in the future God willing after I teach for a lot of years I want to be a counselor at a school, so I was able to see how it goes. The office was busy there was a lot of students sick or in trouble. Also, there was a lot of parents taking out their children early. I remember my parents would never take me out of school. All my appointments were scheduled on the weekend or after school. Also when we were sick they would make us go to school. They would always tell us if you are really sick they will send you home. They always showed me the importance of school and and how to be responsible. Now I can be appreciative towards that. Back then I thought it wasn't fair. Working in the office also brought back memories when I used to work at the office at school. I prety much ran that place. I really enjoyed it and I learned a lot. Anyhow, I Thank God that I am teaching now because I love it and the experience has been great!! I also went to the dentist today!!! It went well. I was scared. I always get scared when they put shots in me---or when I have to go to the doctor b/c of serious circumstances. They ended up taking two fillings that I had and replaced them and they put a new filling in. I also got a deep cleaning. The doctor was gentle and he worked pretty fast. When we got out I went shopping with my mom. I felt really weird because since I was numb my cheeks and mouth felt like they were 3 times bigger.  Right now I am listening to the Fish. I enjoy listening to worship music. I really like the song Spoken For by Mercy Me. That band is pretty good. I like their lyrics. Tomorrow I am going back to the middle school. It will be a busy day again because teachers are getting evaluations and I will be covering their class while they meet with the principal. After I have to head over to my friend Lissette's house and then we have to go to school. We have a presentation tomorrow. Hopefully class will go by fast. After tomorrow's class I only have one more class. YEY!!! This semester flew by.