Not long after I moved to Australia, a local news program featured a segment concerning a woman in a small town who was forced by the city to erect a fence around her property. Neighbors had complained about the unsightly condition of her yard. Negative words were tossed back and forth. Feelings were hurt. To add insult to injury, this woman not only had no choice as to the fence's appearance, but also had to pay for it!   Ok, perhaps some yards could really do with a fence to hide the stockpile of garbage collected over the years, but truly, I've never seen more fences surrounding houses for seemingly no apparent reason, than what line the streets of suburban Brisbane.   Some enclosures are quite remarkable as to their ornamentation, and others, not much more than the white washed picket fences of days gone by. Regardless of their appearance, why on earth do so many Brisbanites choose to hide behind these barriers anyway? Are the owners embarrassed to show the world their undie and bra laden Hill's Hoists or Uncle John's rusted out ute? Or is there another darker reason? One that has passed beyond the realm of premeditated acts and lapsed into the subconscious? Are Brisbanites afraid of their neighbors?   Let's face it, this country was after all founded by a rather huge lot of casted out convicts. And though ancestors of the original settlers would like you to think otherwise, not all prisoners exiled to this region were so because they simply stole a loaf of bread to feed their family (just ask my husband - that's what he thinks!)! I would hazard a guess that most original settlers, convicts, military, and civilians alike, were somewhat afraid. Here they were in the middle of no where, thousands of miles from family and friends, finding themselves neighbors with thugs, burglars, murderers and thieves. Is it really so hard to believe that possibly this fear and isolation has over time become so ingrained into the subconscious of Australians as to actually effect their lifestyle ? Could the rows and rows of fences simply be a silent scream to all who will take noticed - "We need to feel safe and protected!"   Perhaps not. It is just as likely that the owners only wish to display their wealth and afford their family and land with some protection from the elements, as well as the occasional hooligan. I would like them to take note though - a 6 foot high, solid cement fence does not instill in others a warm and fuzzy feeling, no matter how beautiful. My recommendation? (For what it's worth) tear down the fences, say G'day to passerby's, and head down to the local bakery, buy a loaf of bread and share it with your neighbor.