Seems I have some support on the fact that English through pictures is the worst book ever.  And unfortunately I've taught both of the lessons Becky and Michelle talked about.  My favorite part of the lesson I taught is when they asked what colors do you see in the picture.  You think this would be a good question until you realize the picture is in BLACK and WHITE!  I think it will never end for me, the frustration that is.  Someone made a good point and told me that I was in a different place than I was last year.  This is very true.  Last year I was looking to just make some money, have a good time and goof off.  Now I feel the need to do something worthwhile.  I think this is good because it means I won't be here in Korea forever.   Anyone see the Super Bowl?  It was a pretty good game.  I wish I would have watched the halftime show  though.  I was pulling for the Jags but the Patriots were too much.   I saw Runaway Jury yesterday and I have to say that is a pretty good movie.  Much better than I expected.   Ok this keyboard keeps randomly switching to Korean while I'm typing and it's a getting a little annoying.  You know those vendors on the streets that sell the fish bread with the red beans in them?  As of late I've really taking a liking to these.  I'm not really sure why though.  They don't taste all that great but yet I crave them.  Beats me.  Good thing they're cheap.   I think someone is getting a little too friendly with me in the gym.  This time it comes in the form of a 16 year old boy.  This dude skipped his academy to come to the gym and see me yesterday.  Too bad for him I never showed.  Today he hung out at the gym for about 4 hours.  Two of those hours I was there.  Sometimes I just don't understand Koreans.  Doesn't the think it would be a little strange to have a foreigner following him around?  He tried to get me to correct an English speech for one of his friends but I didn't.  I hate that shit.  It is annoying enough if you asked me to correct your speech but you fucking friends speech.  Give me a break.   Looks like I'll end up dowtown tonight at some point.  It is open mic at The Commune.  I hate that place but I'm sure I'll end up there for a bit at least.  Since I've been hanging out with Hey-Sook I've started really taking a liking to soju.  The stuff really isn't that bad and it's cheap.  It also goes well with a fair deal of Korean foods.  Enough for now.