I spent some time earlier today figuring out how to get a links section to appear on my blog's sidebar (this template did not have one embedded in the script). It's been awhile since I last used HTML, and most of the very little bit I had learned, I have since forgotten. So the process was a bit frustrating; I won't even go into the trouble I encountered when I tried to change the template to something I had found and downloaded from elsewhere! Regardless, I did accomplish this one small achievement, and so thought I would give a bit of explanation for the links I have posted.   urlLink My Yahoo! LAUNCHcast station  -- Hopefully, this is self-explanatory. I would like to add, though, that for a free service (I have not upgraded from the basic to Plus, and so far see no need to), it does a very good job of playing stuff that I like based on the stuff I have rated. Also, there really is a good and fairly extensive selection of music from all different genres.   urlLink ThooLou's Lair  -- This is my fiancé's weblog. Here you will primarily find topical and political discussions, as well as recommendations for interesting and ecclectic stuff he has come across on the 'Net. If you enjoy participating in spirited discussions, you should check it out.   urlLink Red Vs. Blue  -- Absolutely hysterical, episodic machinima using the PC game Halo as its basis. The guys who write, voice act, and produce this stuff are indisputably creative geniuses. I would compare the storyline and humor of Red Vs. Blue to such professional amusements as Family Guy and South Park. Rooster Teeth Productions: A true web phenomenon.   urlLink Albino Blacksheep  -- People submit oddities they find on the web to this site. Content varies widely, but a lot of stuff is there because it is funny in some way. Some stuff is just plain strange. Other things are not meant to be funny or weird, and are simply posted because they are interesting creations. This is where I have discovered two of my enduring favorite files:  urlLink The Dildo Song  and  urlLink The Smurfs Lost Episode . I can't really describe the site better, you should take some time to investigate it yourself.   urlLink OddTodd  -- If you have ever been unemployed for an extended period of time, particularly if it was through no fault of your own (i.e., the dreaded downsizing), then you can find the humor in your plight here. It's fun and games for the SSUP (Secret Society of Unemployed People) in LOL (Laid-Off Land)!   urlLink Joe Cartoon  -- Another brilliant, creative, and funny site with loads of flash cartoons. In particular, check out the Stone Fly series. Priceless!  And BTW, if you know of any other eclectic sites where funny and/or unusual web entertainment can be found, please pass it on here!