blah.  so for the first time since i moved to jersey, i've gotten sick... just in time for the holidays -- yuck.  it's not that terribly bad... just annoying since it's just not fun to be sick while travelling like i will be in another day and a half... it's all in my throat which is just pretty yucky right now.  accomplishments of the week?  mostly a lot of movie watching.  thursday, after my 4:30 am return home, i went to sleep at 6, woke up at 9, and finished reading _perelandra_ (2nd book in the c.s.lewis space trilogy... read them all before, had re-started perelandra earlier this month and had been too swamped with stuff to finish it until now)... then eric and sam came over and we watched all of star wars episode 4, and the beginning of the empire strikes back.... then being thursday, those of us still around had the requistite no math night and finished watching empire...  after the movie, leigh wanted to see christmas lights and colleen and i were excited too, so we decided it was a go... but none of the guys were too enthused, so we left them at colleen's place to bake christmas cookies while we went around driving and singing... it was lots of fun especially since this was the first time all semester that the three of us got to hang out without any of the guys... don't get me wrong, they're all great too, but one of the things about being a female in higher math is that you're definitely in the minority... so we have tons of fun hanging out with all the guys, but from time to time it's nice to have some just girl time, which doesn't come by all that often... i think that's one of the reasons my visit with jessica last weekend was so excellent -- not only was it away from things stressing me out, it was also some quality much needed girl time. =)  so yesterday i woke up feeling yucky, but nonetheless, the star wars marathon continued and just eric and me watched the return of the jedi... then colleen, sam, and scott came over for pizza and we watched citizen kane (never seen that before either)... pretty quality... ian came over for a bit after the movie too... fun all around, but by the end i was feeling pretty miserable sick-wise, so eric accompanied me on a 1am grocery store run to get some medicine, which is helping, but i'm definitely running low on energy and feeling yucky in general...  today, it was the rest of star wars marathon with eric over here to watch episodes 1 and 2 and feast on leftover raw veggies and soup... joy.  so star wars -- that pretty much sums up the last three days of my life -- joy. =P  actually, i did pretty much enjoy them, but there's so many weird names and weird details that this being my first time ever to see them confused me a bit... eric was good at explaining, but it's still a lot to keep track of.  hard to believe tonight i'm in a 2-bedroom new jersey apartment and in 4 nights i'll be in a large old drafty falling apart tennessee clampett-house just 15 miles from mississippi... the contrast is so large!  i love new jersey -- i'm gonna really actually miss my math people for the next few weeks, but on the other hand, the south fits like a glove too... i've been listening to country and yay south/dixie kinda music all week -- it won't be a white christmas, but it'll be the one i know best =)  and i'll even get to pick up my minor drawl for a bit too =)  i guess like the saying goes -- you can take the girl outta the south, but you can't take the south outta the girl.  agenda tomorrow?  church and packing for the long drive home agenda now?  save tons of emails off my computer (my yahoo account's about to explode!) and watch a dumb movie until my cold medicine rekicks in enough for me to go to sleep =P  good night all!