So the Mr. and I went to see Farenheit 911 while Em went to Shiner with Grammy.  We saw it in a packed house in one of the larger of the 24 screens out here in the burbs.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, although I bawled my eyes out.  All that guilt I feel every time I think about the fact that my country just went over and demolished those peoples lives.  And all those young men and women who will be fucked up for the rest of their lives and will be the ones under the overpasses holding signs.  It kills me and I feel at least partially personally responsible.  Perhaps becuz it's the first time I really paid attention to what was going on before it happened.  I just did not imagine that we would do it.  I spent most of March 2003 in this horrible fog.  I never really caught up on my caseload after that.  Somehow it all seemed far less important.   I didn't pay much attention to the Gulf War even though I knew it was gonna happen.  I was talking to some classmates the other day about a possible draft.  They were freaking out because of course they don't won't their husbands and fiances to go.  It reminded me that my first crazy thought was "if he has to go to war I have to have his baby."  Why the hell does that thought pop into women's heads???  Insanity.  It's got to be some crazy weird biological response.  Of course I did come to my senses and realize the absurdity of having some dead guy's kid.  (i think that's when i started pushing the idea of canada.)  In any event, my best friend was in the hospital dying when it all started and I don't remember any more about it.  The movie just hit on every single one of my issues.  Seeing those poor blue collars folks preyed upon by the recruiters, watching the grief of both the Iraaqui and American moms.  It was shear torture.   Oh yeah, and then the whole stolen election thing.  I remember being fairly sure that we would have some sort of "civil" internal war over the whole thing.  And one day in December I heard all these sirens wailing and thought that it had started.  It turned out to be the annual light parade with all the fire trucks.  I was so surprised that it seemed that no one gave a shit that an election had been rigged.  We all just accepted it.  I was so glad to see that that was not the case and that the shrub didn't get to take his little walk.  Was that reported?  I sure didn't see any coverage of it.   Anyway, I loved the movie.   My favorite line: "Even Ricky Martin couldn't fly."  And there flashed Ricky across the screen with his big smile.  Michael Moore rocks.  But what to do about it all??  Therein lies the issue... We went to see a fireworks display at the Katy Mills Mall rather than drive into town.  We decided to dine al fresco at Jillian's where they were having a luau buffet complete with live band.  Very fun.  They set up a watermelon eating contest and no one would come up.  The prize was to be a $50 game card.  When Em and Zoe heard that, they ran up to the table.  Trevor is lookin at me like I'm gonna go up and eat watermelon in front of a crowd of people.  Hell no, i'm not.  I'll charge up $50 b4 I'll do such a thing.  So he went up and joined Zoe.  They had one minute.  Three other groups were there competition:  a little old lady and her maybe 6 year old granddaughter (clearly no way), a man and his say 8 year old son (looked like they might be competitors), and a 10 year old boy and his like 15 year old brother (i seriously thought the boys would prevail).  But when they got started, Zoe chomped into that melon.  When they said 30 seconds left, the announcer yells something about group 4 having their heads buried in those melons.   And they won!!!! The fireworks display was totally awesome.  And we were right next to where they were setting them off so it often appeared that they were coming straight at us.  Super cool. Then we went back to the game room and the girls played games for like 2 hours.   For some reason Zoe chose four back scrathcher as her prize.  But Em did get a new deck of cards out of it.  Perhaps now we can not use the deck that she and Trevor had to change hearts into spades on some of the cards!!!  God save the queen.