well its 8 pm right now. 7th Heaven's on right now on the NEWVI! woooOoooo. i swear to GOD jessica biel will never look any other way. lol. ok so enough bout them. so lainey just went home a while ago. i walked her to the bus stop and we waited for the 407 to Gilbert to arrive. didnt take more than 5 mins. damn those buses are fast. so yea shes gone home now. and i decided to go online and blog my friggin mind out. so thas wat i'm doin.  yes so what a day! man! soo much shit happened in one day. i need a shrink. right now i got a couple questions and thoughts running through my mind:  Numero uno: What the hell am i gonna do bout this new mess? Numero dos: How am i spsed to live in the same house with that asshole? Numero tres: Why does my hamster look dead? And why does he smell so damn funny? Numero cuatro: What am i spsed to do bout this guY??  kay heres the straight story.  i think i'm diggin this new guy. cant mention his name just incase he reads this blog. well i like this guy. hes a good friend of mine now. well at least i think i like him.  i enjoy talking to him. and hes ADORABLE! which is a *french accent*   ploos ploos if ye kno what i mean?  so yea this guy. hes great. hes funny. and apparently he likes to make me laugh! wow! well i laugh to be made to laugh. wow that was a complicated sentence. ok well anyways, yea so i dont really know what to do bout this guy cause i dont kno if he digs me the way i dig him. he seems to. i guess. he doesnt mind talking to me. and yea blahdee blahdee blah! enough bout that tho.  so yes. other than that mess my summers been goin pretty good. my mom FINALLY picked up the Pilates for me. u kno? the Mari Winsor Pilates work out system thing? yea well apparently it works real well. so she got that for me and i'm gonna start using it tomorrow. and i started swimming with laineboogers again so thas good. oh man! the lifeguards are to die for! well the lifeguard actually. theres one guy that early in the morning so yea hes HOT! *drool*  alrighty i've run outta things to talk bout here. i'll come back later on if anything interesting happens. oh yea and lainey if u check this out tonight, mail or call me and let me kno how to add other peoples blog links to my page. kkk? alrighty well thas it for now.  TASH IN ;) later much  CHEERS(B)