When did the staple of a healthy human diet transcend the border of good and evil? You can't turn on the t.v., walk past a billboard, or turn the pages of a magazine without coming accross an ad for a new "low-carb" food. Since the Atkins diet caught fire the food industry has been more than happy to supply the new needs of a carbohydrate-fearing population.    This cycle began with the Atkins diet becoming popular. The ad wizards of the U.S.A noticed this popularity and began to make products, these advertisements in turn created an even larger following. Now the average joe-america knows that "carbs" are bad. What the fuck?    Do most people understand that "carbs" are actualy carbohydrates, ie sugars, fibers and starches. Has anyone looked at the trusty food pyramid lately. If you have you might notice that carbohydrates are what you should be eating the most of throughout the day. I realize that there have been new studies showing that we may not need as much as we thought, but still, carbohydrates are a main part of a healthy diet. They are our bodies fuel. They help transport protiens (all the new rage) to our muscles.    Another thing that gets me is these "new" products that are hitting the market as "low-carb". Here's some secret information: things that never had any carbs to begin with, like sugarfree jello and diet soda, aren't new products for a carb-free environment. This new coke,C2, what the fuck? It has half the carbs of normal coke so people are going to buy it thinking that they are saving their lives. Hey, guess  what? Diet coke has no carbs, you know why? cause it has no sugar. The sugar in soda is what accounts for all the carbs. So this new C2 is just a mix between regular coke and diet coke. But, all in all this carb craze is meant to scare people. The new products are provided to make these frightened people feel secure.     Seriously, the whole carbs = evil craze is just like the media inventing an imaginary disease and selling medicine that doesn't really do anything.    I have to go now, my french bread is almost done baking.