Once Yaeka and I wrote a song about bad karma. I don't remember it too well, I think there was a line that was something like, "Stub your toe, BAAAD KAR-MA." Essentially the whole song was "Something bad happens to you, BAAD KAR-MA." I think it would have been one of our hit songs, after "Rockstar Party" and "Fish and Tomatoes." Unfortunately, we never did start our band, and so the bad karma song has been lost for eternity.  The reason I mention this song, is sometimes I wonder if their really is a such thing as karma. I mean I see some people, and I think, "Man oh man, they really should be racking up the bad karma..." And yet, I see no evidence that this bad karma they should be racking up has come back to bite them in the ass. Although I may invent crazy stories to placate myself, I'm always left with the nagging knowledge that their is no cosmic justice.  But behold, I'm starting to come around. Bad karma it seems takes awhile to catch up to you. I know this because the bad roommate karma I gained during my college years has finally come to bite me in the ass. More particularly, my bad washing dishes roommate karma.  Anyone who lived with me from 1998-2002 can attest that I was always the messy roommate. I was the one that didn't clean the stovetop immediately after making rice-o-roni. I was the one who left dishes in the sink (with every intention of washing them) that were more promptly washed by one of my more immaculate roommates. I was the one people were pissed off by on a fairly regular basis. That was me.  Since graduating I have had my share of not so wonderful roommate-ness. Most people know about the situation with my first post-Hamilton NY roommate. She was messy yes, but I think that was the least of her problems. I don't think she reflects the cosmos getting back at me, at least not for doing dishes. If she was the result of bad karma, I must have done some pretty awful things to people. Perhaps I did, and perhaps someone somewhere got word of how my life sucked with her and felt a little better. I don't think I'm that bad of a person though, so I will chalk it up to bad luck and not bad karma.  I currently have a new roommate. She is subletting from one of my previous roommates but will continue to live here in the fall. Overall I think she is a really nice person, and not "nice" in a generic "I don't have anything else to say about her" sort of way. I really like her. Except one thing. She's fucking messy as shit. I mean she cooks all the time. Myself and my other roommate aren't big cookers. She's like a 4 pan a day sort of lady. She cooks and she never ever does the dishes afterwards. At first I bit the bullet given my prior history. Every morning though, after my tae bo cardio, I would do all the dishes in the sink. Usually 1 or 2 would be mine. I was annoyed, but not annoyed to the point that I would need to write a whole blog post about it. But then, then, I realized the cosmos were definitely out to get me. On a rare occasion I did a little cooking for dinner (essentially I am running out of money and thus am forcing myself to eat the food I have before I buy more food, which I generally food you have to make, which is why it hasn't been eaten, but that is not important for the point), and on this rare occasion she was doing her dishes. Given that I had been doing her dishes for her for about a week, I assumed that she would wash mine as well. You can already see where this is going...I woke up the next morning and only her dishes were washed.   I probably should have said something sort of in a nice way like "Oh just so you know, the way we usually do dishes is everyone washes everyone's dishes but we try to take turns so nobody is doing them all the time." I settled on passive-aggressive and just stopped washing everyone's but my own. Then she left for a weekend leaving some (though granted not all) of her dishes still in the sink. I swore I wasn't going to wash them. But then I used her salad dressing to make a pasta salad to take to a picnic without asking her. So I eventually did do her dishes. I don't want any more bad karma.  urlLink  postCount('108909127553795424');