Can you ever get over your first love?  Aha! This is a trick question. Sure, it's  possible ...but it will never happen. They won't let it.  In a world of cliches and universal truths, one that has consistently demonstrated itself as accurate is that ex's have a mystical sixth sense that alerts them just before the precise moment that they are to become obsolete in your life. No matter whether you met someone else, you've become occupied by work and hobbies, you've found an outlet like singing or writing, or enough time has passed that you've healed old wounds...whatever it is that has allowed you mind off of your ex...it cannot disrupt the omnipotence of your ex's spidey sense that tingles as soon as you're about to take another step forward emotionally.  Upon receiving this sensation, your ex will inevitably get in contact with you. It may be a random phone call on a rainy night, or a message on your voice mail when you get back from work, or an otherwise harmless looking e-mail, or an instant message accompanied by an all too-familiar icon. Whatever medium they use, the contact will (without fail) be short, sweet, and wholy dissatisfying. In fact, it will look/sound something like this:  Hey ___(a)___, The other day I was ___(b)___ , and it reminded me of that time we ____(c)____ . I couldn't help but ___(d)___ when I thought of it, so I thought I'd share it with you. I hope you're doing well. Give me a call if you want.  -___(e)____  btw...How's ___(f)___ ?  Now, fill in the blanks with the following options: A) -your first name -a nickname your ex gave you  B) -watching a movie -listening to our favorite song on the radio -telling a story  C) -made love all night watching movies -made love all night listening to music -made love in a public place  D) -laugh -cry -smile  E) -your ex's first name -a nickname you gave your ex  F) -work -your family -school  It will be short, because your ex does not want you to think that they are missing you so much that they put an inordinate amount of time or thought into it. A long and informative message would indicate that your ex has an awful lot to share with someone and that you are still such an important part of their life that it's necessary to share it with you. Admitting this sort of dependence is something an ex will never do...at least not until you have done so first.  It will be sweet because your ex wants to subconsciously trigger all the cute and cuddley memories that made your relationship momentarily worthwhile. Time and space away from someone has a way of widdling down your mental image of that person and your relationship together. If things ended amicably, then the remnants of your memories will predominantly be positive. If things ended bitterly, then the experiences salvaged by your memores will be predominatly negative. And if things ended ambiguously, then you'll have a balanced collection of good and bad memories. A sweet snipet of words from your ex will tip the balances toward the positive. Even if you were venomously brooding over your ex, a properly plucked heartstring can convince you to reconsider any resentful feelings you were previously harboring. Illiciting the, "Wow, I forgot how cute/funny/silly she could be. Maybe she's not a total bitch after all. I really miss her," response.  It will be unsatisfactory because it will not contain any of the information you really  want  to read. It won't confirm that you're better off without her. It won't tell you that her life is in shambles since you broke up. It won't tell you that she's be abstinent since she last laid with you. And if, heaven forbid, it contains evidence to the contrary, it won't confirm that you're much better in bed then her more recent lovers. It won't tell you that she's had a moment of clarity and enlightenment that revealed to her that she will never find someone as loving, supportive, funny, attractive, intelligent, and overall perfect as you. It won't tell you that she's come to the realization that in the pseudo-financial world of the dating stock market, her stock peaked when she was with you and it has been suffering a market crash ever since you broke up. It won't tell you that she still loves you. It won't let you forget.  (to be continued)