Well, I seem to be in a writing mood this weekend, so I thought I'd add one more entry.  I just went to the  conbini , which is the Japanese abbreviated word for "convenience store." The conbinis in Japan sell everything from brand new white dress shirts to tiny servings of  melon-flavored  Haagen-Dasz (but no gasoline). I was going to ride to Chuo Food, but it was getting dark and I was too tired to go that far. So I stopped by FamilyMart instead to pick up enough rations for the next 12 hours or so.  Guess what I found! Greek Feta Pringles. I bought some and the only feta aspect I can discern is a faint  goatlike  flavor. The Soy Sauce Pringles I had a few years ago seem to have fallen off the market. I do believe the Squid Pringles may still be around though. They love their squid around here.  Anyway, I felt another twinge of homesickness while perusing the aisles of the conbini. So many things I've taken for granted and am now left without. I found a cookie, a real American-looking cookie like the kind you'd see at Corner Bakery (as opposed to little butter cookies or creme sandwich cookies) and  pounced  on it. It was cranberry cashew, chewy, and quite nostalgic. I also bought some little mini Snickers for my low-grade gooey chocolate craving, and some beef jerky looking stuff (hopefully not more fish sausage!).   I found that my eyes were scanning over the shelves, searching out a familiar-looking product or an English explanation. It's not the same as visiting...I'm realizing that more and more each day. Visiting Japan is an adventure, a getaway, a string of days that I expect to be out of the ordinary. But living here means that I am supposed to be having ordinary days full of my little compulsory routines which don't require me to be mentally  checked-in . Not the case at all! I have to concentrate hard each time I visit the grocery store, relying on my spasmodic reading skills to deliver me to a successful dinner or load of laundry. The pastries look delicious but I have to spend ten minutes ferretting out what they contain, and sometimes I give up trying.  Also strange is the knowledge that most English speakers I meet pepper their conversation with random Japanese words. This is the nature of hanging out with people who are in Japan not for tourism or military duty, but because they chose to come and they probably studied Japan in some form or another. Some of the words have no convenient English translation (like  izakaya , a typically  rowdy  restaurant for copious eating and drinking), and some of the words do translate, but convey more of the true meaning in their original Japanese (like  genki , which means healthy and lively but has a more complicated connotation like young, alert, cheerful, and ready to take on whatever).  Thus, my English conversations often go something like this: "I tried to call your keitai last night but I didn't get an answer." "Yeah, I was at the izakaya 'til midnight or so, then we hit a nomihodai and closed it down." "Wow, you had a busy night!" "Yep, amazingly, I'm feeling pretty genki considering." "That's good, since we have another enkai tonight."  And so on. It feels pretty bizarre to me, this hybrid language (I guess it's like Spanglish).  A lot of things feel bizarre lately. I know it's been  done to death  by every other JET that came before me, and it's being dug up and revived and made to dance around by every JET that arrived with me, but I still gotta say it. Culture shock is a muther, and I really underestimated it.