Wow,I thought it would be easier to start by traveling through my life, starting from the beginning.  I was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina almost 35 years ago.  My mom and dad were together up until I was 3 years of age.  I have a younger brother with whom I have periods of silence and resentment, and others not bad.  When my parents divorced, I was told that I was really angry for not seeing my dad for over 6 months. Apparently, after I saw him I came back with strabismus.  Being crosseyed has always bother me a lot, until finally last summer I had surgery, and I am much better now.  My mom re-married Ricardo, a Uruguayan musician and composer.  He was very creative and nice at the beginning.  During the eight years my mom was married to him, she made me feel very guilty about seeing my dad maybe once or twice a year.  Ricardo overtime became violent, and started to physically abuse my mother and I in particular. I don't remember anything happening to Rodrigo.  I remember trying to fall asleep at night and hearing him hitting my mom, and her pleading for help.  I also remember a couple times in the middle of the night, getting us together and telling us we were leaving the house.  He never worked, and my mom didn't either at that time.  They/we were living of my grandpa's tremendous effort.  He arrived to Argentina from Germany with nothing and built his own little empire.  Ricardo went through a face that he was following the macrobiotic diet.  I will never forget as long as I live that one day I asked him for money to buy candy and he slapped my face and threw his wine on top of m,y school uniform.  I had to go to school after lunch and stinking like an alcoholic...  After eight years my mom finally divorced.   I start a new paragraph because my life completely changed between the time I was eleven until pretty much I was 24.  My mom had depression and sometimes spent days vomiting by her bed with a bucket on her side.  Another thing that happened is that she became very promiscuous, and slept with almost a different man every night.  When I was 12 she told me to smoke pot that it was not addicting.  As a way of rebellion I never wanted to try it. As I became older every time I went out and came back, I would see a jacket hanging on the livingroom's chair.  I knew that man was sleeping with my mother.  A couple times I called her "puta", she slapped me and told me that it's either men in her room or her vomiting.  Of course I could not say much.  I started to be silent and to absorb all the things that were going on.  God, I was so embarrassed of my mother in public.  She used to dress with mini skirts and spandex tops...  My friends had good families, so I felt alienated and did not talk much.  I wrote some, but there was less writing than thoughts and feelings.  I started college many careers, but no one told me the importance of getting a college degree.  At the age of 24 my mom sold the big apartment and bought 2, one for me and one for her.  She wanted to live alone.  I felt less cared for than before.  I know I was 23, but I was more alone than ever.  My brother had always been my moms reason of being, and ironically he is the one that has made her suffer the most.  Ever since I was born, the role model and person I admire the most has been my grandpa Leo.  I guess, since I was little I was ambitious, hard working and loving like he was.  If it wasn't for the stable home of my grandparents I could have turn to drugs, sex or alcohol.  I look back, and I know that many people have it worse, but I don't understand where I had the strength to endure all of those tough days...  I will continue at another time.