Walked:  3 days  Weights:  3 days  Eating:  Not bad, actually.  I was pretty bad on Thursday night--I pigged out while watching the NBA Draft--but other than that, I've been able to keep it reasonable.  I'm especially proud of myself for sticking to one Coke a day (down from 3-4/day in recent weeks).  However, I am starting to get bored with the types of food I got on my last grocery trip, so I'll have to make sure I get different things when I go this week.  Commentary:   I met my minimum goals for the week in terms of exercise.  I wish that I could have walked one more day this week, but I was unable to stare down the heat on Friday, and I overslept badly on Tuesday.  Summers are difficult.  Since the gym's hours don't mesh with my schedule, I have to walk outside.  However, I have terrible sensitivity to heat (which is even worse than it used to be because I'm not in shape), and if it is sunny, more than 75 degrees, and there is any humidity, my energy vanishes.  It's awful.  On today's walk, the conditions varied wildly--when I started and finished it was grey and there was a bit of a breeze.  The sun came out in the middle, and when it was out, I felt exhausted--yet at the end of my walk, when the sun ducked under a cloud, I felt pretty good.  This means I should, ideally, walk before 9am (of the three walks, the most pleasant was at 6am (!), while the other two started around 10am), OR after 8pm.  Walking after 8pm is a sketchy thing because this campus is  deserted  after everything closes (between 4-5pm), and I'd be all by myself.  I guess this means I have to haul myself out of bed earlier.   Today's Walk:    The weather was not ideal, but I found another "course" to walk, bringing my total to three (I think this is good, as variety should keep me motivated...if I don't feel like doing the Gibbons walk, I can do something else).  This one takes me back to the Douglass graduation field (that's not its name, but I don't know what it is called), and I do a few trips up and down the steps, which can't hurt.  Both the Douglass and Cook fields have sad brown spots where the graduation platforms were (they finally moved them, a month later)--it sorta sums up the entire University during the summer.  I know most of my fellow grad students love the quiet, but I hate it; it just makes me want to sleep and be lazy.  35/44