Since today is Father's Day, I thought it appropriate to do an entry on my dad.  My dad is my hero.  He married my mom at the ripe young age of 19, and became a father at 22.  He worked hard, sometimes working two jobs, to put me through Catholic school and four years of college.  My dad is not the most emotional of people.  There were times growing up that the only time I heard his voice was when he was yelling at me for talking back to my mother or for doing something stupid.  However, I always knew that he was proud of me and that he loved me more than anything else in this world (except, of course, my mom).  This can be verified in the times that I've seen him cry -- the day I graduated from high school, the day I graduated from college, and when he got to walk me down the aisle on my wedding day.  My dad also would get so nervous that he would get diarrhea everytime something nerve-wracking happened (starting the day my mom went into labor with me LOL), like when I got food poisoning and had to go to the hospital, or when my husband left me.  Sometimes people don't realize the importance of fathers until something serious happens.  Before August 2003, everytime I heard that Baz Lurhman song "Trust Me On the Sunscreen," the line, "The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind, the kind that blindside you at 4 p.m. on some idle Tuesday," never held any weight to me (well, actually, they meant something on September 11, a Tuesday, but anyway...).  Now those lines make me cry.  I never knew  real  worry and trouble until that day in August, after my dad's colonoscopy, when the gastroenterologist took my dad, mom, and me into the "quiet room" and told us that my dad had a large, and no doubt cancerous tumor in his colon.  I was truly blindsided.  I was blindsided again when the pathologist's report came back -- Stage IV colorectal cancer.  The cancer had completely engulfed 17 of the 24 lymph nodes in the area, and had spread to his liver as well.  Since then, I have seen my father go through surgery as well as heavy doses of radiation and chemotherapy.  Most days he feels terrible; most days he wishes he was dead.  Despite all his shortcomings, my father is a superhero to me.  I can't imagine my life without him in it, and hopefully I won't have to see that day anytime soon.  I am greatful to my Lord Jesus for taking my father this far and bringing this wonderful man into my life.  I only hope that the next man I will marry will be as brave, strong, and loving as my dad has been.  And I only hope that my father will be able to walk me down the aisle when that day comes.  Thank you, Dad, for everything.