I was just about to spend another day bored out of my mind.  I had spent the morning doing some designing, graphically of course, and had just left to visit my local Sheetz.  When I got back home, Danny and I sat down with my dad to watch some Fox News over lunch.  But wait... what's this?  Breaking news?  It's a CAR CHASE!  The saving grace of any afternoon: a high speed car chase somewhere in California.  Even better, it was a bank robbery and they were soaring on some freeway throwing money out of the window!    All three of us stopped and watched the screen.  Danny started clapping in excitement.  I tell ya, there is nothing that cheers me up more than some hella-sweet action that could wind up in disaster.  This chase scene, which at first brought back fond memories of the O.J. chase, was going to be a good one too.  There were three robbers speeding around in what appeared to be a Chrysler Pacifica, with about five cop cars following suit.  What's even better is they were catching everything from helicopter cam!    The driver of this car was pretty crazy at times.  He was all over the 8 lane super highway, and then he would take an exit and head into the urban areas of LA, including Compton (represent!), and then would loop around and get back on the freeway going in the other direction.  Even better, he utilized the car pool lane!  Not only was that smart, but it was also considerate, since he did have more than two passengers.  After about fifteen minutes of driving all over LA, and after evading the police which weren't very smart, they wound up in this suburban area.  The robbers pulled the car onto some lady's lawn and pulled this weird Chinese fire drill.  The woman, who was a large African American, was standing on the corner screaming at the robbers... and then screaming at the cops... and then screaming at everything.    Two of the robbers gave up instantly.  But the driver, who was a pretty hefty fellow wearing some O.G. football jersey, ran inside the house.  There was a standoff for a little while, which was especially hilarious because this crazy woman was standing between the cops and the house, getting into the way of their pointed guns.  Eventually the woman, whom I can only assume to be the driver's mother, talked the robber into coming out of the house and giving up.    Although I must say, judging from what I saw of the robbers... they didn't plan this well at all.  They were all wearing normal street clothes, no suits or black ties, and none of them had masks.  They obviously didn't have a good safe house, and obviously didn't have enough man power.  If more robbers would just do their research and watch some movies they might get away with it once in a while.  But anyways...  What excitement!  I tell ya, great car chases only happen every once in a while,  much like comets or the Olympics.  And just like the previously mentioned events, car chases are not to be missed.  My day has been brightened because of these ridiculous robbers and their poor planning.  Thank you, young vigilantes.  Thank you!