The decimal reference in the title refers to Summer 2003, when I used to entertain my yellow school bus morning mates by telling us all what week, and what day, of TFA training it was (ala, Week 2, Day 3 would be "2.3").  I rolled back to JW Oates today, and immediately began the compare and contrast process between my life presently, and a year prior.  There were still various pieces of classroom furniture all over the hallways. Various faculty members were cracking awkward inside jokes. The place smelled the same. The really dedicated, determined teachers almost had their rooms finished. I was extremely tired. The meetings were a mix of cheer, boredom, and inane chatter (with some solid motivation).  In reality, the only difference was that I'm a year older.  Honestly, you ever associate a smell with a place, or a smell with a feeling? Every time I walk into JW Oates and smell it in late summer, I get this feeling... I can't really explain the feeling, but it's kind of like a mix of excitement and dread, almost the feeling you get when you reach the front of a 1 hour line for a rollercoaster. Like, you denied reality for so long, right? But then there it is, before you, and it's going to be cool, but also suck at points. I don't know if that made any sense, but I tried.  I'm teaching third grade this year, which means I have most of the same kids I had last year. This basically means I'd need to work harder in terms of establishing rules, procedures, and consequences, so that I can actually get some stuff done and not be bogged down by the behavior of my students. I was assigned this kid, whose identity I'll protect for right now (but probably not by 3 weeks from now), who has a long history of behavior problems (long history = ironic because he's only 8). Let's see how I do with this challenge. He exposed himself to girls at recess last year.  The background noise to this posting, ESPN (what else), just called the NFC East the "toughest division in football." Eh, I guess... but in reality, only the Eagles have a chance to win it. The Skins are a year away, the Cowboys have a 41 year old under center. The Giants, conversely, have a 22 year old under center, and the Cardinals... are they in the NFC East anymore?  As a final note, don't get me wrong as I keep posting about my life at JW Oates. Teaching may not be for me - I think this will gradually emerge as you read posts about my classroom management starting next week - but I do think it's a good thing to do for 2 years, and... I've met some tremendously dedicated, creative people who would be kicking ass and taking names in a variety of professions, but choose to dedicate their time and committment to this random elementary school off the eastern part of the Houston ship channel.  By the way, there's a school profile - and caricatures of old teachers - in the local McDonald's. Kick ass.