so i just woke up from being in the middle of the most bizarre dream.  it's very very very rarely that i remember what i'm dreaming about when i wake up so i figured i'd start typing while it's still there.  there were 5 of us... me, my two younger pittsburgh cousins, and then two other little kids who i've already forgotten who they were, but i knew them no question while i was actually asleep.  we were in some huge house my head made up, and we left the rest of everyone else to finish decorating a christmas tree in the hallway.  but the hallway was weird.  it was a big across as a normal room, (hence christmas tree right in the middle of it) and at the very far end it was just plain open to the rest of the world... like if you looked down the hallway or a normal day you could just see the outside, not through a window, just right there... otherwise a typical hallway full of lots and lots of doors down both sides, most of them closed.  so the 5 of us, me by far the oldest and in charge of the rest, are decorating this tree... then i look up down the "open" end of the hallway and see a cyclone cloud coming down the hallway at us... it's only like a dozen doors away, so we assume time is of the essence and dash into the nearest doorway -- it happens to be a frozen over cornfield (told you my head is weird)... we all lie down on the ground, heads down to brace for the big hurricane like storm coming through and all i can think of is "just like in july -- when did memphis start getting hurricanes?" (i'm soooo weird)  we all close our eyes and wait, wishing there's time to warn the people we just left before going to decorate the tree.... then when we open them there's a clock there, it says 2:something am and we're confused by it... i get up and look out the door, the storm's still coming, only a few doors away now, so i go back to the rest of the crew...  next time we close our eyes and open them we're in a room full of sinks, the clock says 3:07, and we're waiting, with such things as mattresses to take cover under when the storm actually hits.  ....and then my alarm went off...  is that bizarre of what?  what on earth does it mean? (my theory on dreams is usually assorted images already in your head firing at random and putting themselves together in the back of your head, kinda filing them all away, and in that case it's all somewhat insignificant.)  i really have no clue, but it's often 6 months or more between when i actually have dreams i remember, so i had to start typing while i was still relatively clear on the details.  go figure =P  laugh away, and have a great day! =P