And your entirely random selection of Gmail invites. Despite not having done a thing in another blog that I had on this account for 2 months, and even those four blogs were deleted by me on the day, I still was invited for a nice new gmail account. I'm so happy! :). Admittedly, I'm not even sure if it works, so I'm pretty stuffed there.   Gmail homepage works, until I try to log on in which case I get a server error. Which is BAD. I think ;). It says wait a few minutes and then try again... I am continually ;)  Did some real work on the website for my ICT coursework today for the first time in ever, it now consists of two pages and two style sheets, one of the stylesheets (print.css) is completely blank at the moment, and the other one is under development. I printed out index.html's source before adding any content whatsoever, and it was just a number of   tags. But it looks good, I can show lots of progressive development ;). I'm building a few new features into it that I haven't dared touch before - one is stylesheets for multiple mediums (one sheet for screen/projection and one for printing) and also alternate stylesheets so that (provided they have a compatible browser,) they can change the site's appearance. It's a real shame that IE doesn't support that feature unless I clutter the whole thing up by adding some large javascript button.  I hate hayfever - it's prevented me from doing barely any work for the majority of the morning - especially in German. However, I improved in DT enough to design a few nice borders for my major project - I just need to choose between them tomorrow. One I've decided against already because it consists of two sets of coloured boxes - both greys, with a picture fitting awkwardly into one corner - it doesn't have too much connection with the actual product (which, for the record, is a project on making something for a the outdoors - a collapsable stand / worksurface that can be used to put a Trangia on top of and prepare meals etc. Should be... reasonably but not too hard.  I upgraded to Firefox 0.9 as of... last Tuesday. It doesn't have many noticeable changes, other than a reduced (currently) number of compatibnle themes. I've altered from the default one (I'll join other blogs in declareing it crap) back to Qute. And my brother gets quite annoying...