I'm taking a little trip to Rochester today. I hope that my car makes it alright. This morning it was doing this weird stally thing it sometimes does. The car is a real peice of crap. That's probably a little unfair, its actually not a bad car its just really old and has gotten to the point where it is a big piece of crap. It has 180K+ miles, the driver's side inside door handle broke off, the other doors seem to have difficulty opening, the air conditioning does not work, the passenger side window doesn't roll down, there is a big dent in the left fender, you get the idea. My mom tells me that if my car breaks down to just leave it on the side of the road...I have a new car waiting for me at my parents house.  I am VERY excited about this car. It is a 2001 Jetta GTS with a sunroof. I have been wanting a Jetta for quite awhile, I think starting when they had the really cool ad campaign in the late 90's showing how hip VWs were. It wasn't just the hip-ness of the Jetta ad-campaign that made me want one. (Though, it was brilliant marketing. Currently VW ads aren't as smart, though Saturn seems to be moving away from the "join the saturn cult" campaign and filling the hip car campaign void, but I digress.) So many people around Colgate had Jetta's and everytime I saw one I thought they were the cutest little cars in the world. At that time I was driving a 1986 Dodge Charger with over 260K miles, I was allowed to covet cute cars.  When I was considering buying this car my friend told me not to buy a Jetta. He didn't think they were bad cars, but his reason was that "everyone our age drives a Jetta." While that statement is somewhat of a hyperbole, there are A LOT of recent model Jettas out there. I don't really have a problem with this. My current car, a powder blue 1989 Toyota Camry is also a very popular model. Despite being nearly 15 years old, I still see many many many powder blue Toyota Camry's on the road, especially here in Ithaca. Not having a particularly unique car is not a particularly big problem for me.   Besides, in the past I haven't driven cars that really fit my personality. My 1986 Dodge Charger said something like "I'm a guy in my 20s, I went to vocational school, I smoke Camels, I have a mullet, I wear T-Shirts for bands like White Snake and Pantera with the sleeves cut off." That really doesn't describe me at all. So what if I drive a car that says, "I'm a female in my 20's, I shop at the Gap, I know very little about cars but I want something reliable and cute, I like to drink Chai Lattes, Barnes & Noble is cool." That, for once, is a car that actually describes me.  urlLink  postCount('108455621196811500');