Reading  urlLink Anita Shreve's latest novel  on love relationships and reminiscing, i walk away after the first few pages like walking away from a departmental store coz they just don't have your size. What is it with reminiscing? Can you remember how the flames lick up the drapes and the logo of the rolling stone flashing across your mind? Can you remember the divine being of fire that breathed in the entire hotel and spit out its ashes? You're not reminiscing and I hate to be fooled by someone who tries to strike a pose and past off as being spontaneous, pontificating proliferative shit.   Nothing against A.S. Nothing against the world.   Because now i'm going to reminisce. Yes I am and despite all of my misgivings for this pretentious activity, I will pursue this till my brain begins to put up the sign for a rest room break. Believe me that i am a romantic; Believe me that i still believe in enthusiasm. I write because it's about time to have a record about these things. How do you know when it is the time? When you realise that although you're twenty-three, there will always never ever be the right time for writing. You start it, get the engine running or stall and wait till someone fills your gas. Will someone come? Best not to take the gamble. It's time for life to present itself even if i don't understand or realise half of the time of what i'm really saying. That's your job. All i do is write.   So there i was a 10 year old waiting at a bus-stop. i've wandered from the shopping mall nearby and have completely lost sight of the mother, the mother ship or my mum who I only meet occasionally. Her absence is always excused by my grandparent's explanations as they sought to pacify me with the television whenever i could not shut the hell up. Or when i was in that silent, pensive mood, they would try to speak to me.   "she's gotta work boy. She's working now so she can buy you things. She can buy you food and the clothes that you wear right now... also the television! See your favourite." "Where is mum" "Ssshh... She's working hard now... you go watch tv and then later when ah gong is back, we'll go out for a nice dinner ok" "Will she be back soon" "tsk. No more questions now. You watch he-man finish and keep quiet. If you are good, we will eat mcdonalds."  Asking questions can be irritating. I can understand that now especially if this kid bugs you everyday with the same thing and there's no way out even if it's as simple as walking out of the house. He-man always looked kinda orange to me. I return to the living room even though he-man is getting boring. I was ten. I was waiting for the vampire flicks to kick in at 10pm where i will watch secretly from under the covers, my ah gong just half a meter away who didn't care if i couldn't get to sleep.   "You can't sleep ah" "Yeah"  And vampires would jump to the ringing of the bell, being controlled by the taoist priest who had pasted yellow slips of paper on their foreheads. my ah-gong ate his peanuts and burped with his beer; His back always to me which was comforting at times coz when it really got scary, i'll think ah gong is protecting me. He won't let them come out of the tv.   When waiting for my mum to pick me up in her little red car after piano lessons, I will find the ixoras and pinch at the little stem to draw out the sweet liquid. i will wait some more after the ixoras have exhausted me and just let my gaze run with the cracks in the concrete bench. i'll find a rhythm to beat out on the hand rails with paint flaking from them. If i could get an edge, i'll pull out a rill of paint and spend more time observing the ants, negotiating through the bumpy terrain of hand rails.  Sometimes there was a huge spider web on the tree nearby, but i never got to see the spider. And after all this, i'll just wait some more. Maybe the spider will appear.   But there will be a loud and discordant noise of impatient honking and i'll know, it could only be mum.