I swear sometimes I just want to hit a wall...  As I am both a man and someone who is trying to climb a career ladder in a profession where you need to be a role-model 24 hours a day, seven days a week, I understand and accept the fact that I am bound to behave in certain ways over others.  I accept the fact that I need to model to other people (especially students) how other people should be treated, and that I can demonstrate and exemplify kindness and respect.  As a man, I understand that I have to be especially courteous to women and other gender stereotypes like that.  What I can't understand for the life of me...what makes me want to snap every time it happens (not because it happened in the first place, but because I am seeing it more and more on a daily basis) is the lack of respect or appreciation demonstrated by other people.  To me, it seems like to many other people feel like I  owe  something to them, as if I should feel priviledged for helping them out.  It seems like Upstate NY (the Rochester area) is a breeding ground for this sort of apathy, and it just makes me sick.  Case-in-point:  As a student teacher this past December, I was teaching at a school in a rough city neighborhood.  It was my first day of "solo week" (where the student teacher does literally everything on his or her own), and I spent the entire night before traveling back from Florida on an airplane only to spend the next 4 hours at a hospital with my fiance's mother, whom suffered from a pendacitis.  I get to school at 7am on a Monday morning just so I could finish planning my week and set things up.  I remember it was a cold and snowy commute that day.  Anyways, as I was walking through the cold, dark parking lot, I managed to step on an old hanger that went through my boot and into my foot.  As I tried to assess the damage of my foot (by gently pulling on it before wincing in pain), three employees managed to walk right by me without saying a word, asking if I was okay, or offering to help pick up my belongings which were at this point soaking wet in a puddle of black slush.  As far as general appreciation goes, I'd like to think of myself as an appreciative person.  I always go out of my way to thank people when they do anything for me, because I know that they don't owe me anything.  What I can't understand as why people think it's okay to just tell me to do something without asking nicely or showing a little bit of gratitude once I agree to do it.  Being a sub is only two letters away from being a scrub, and sometimes it just bugs me.  I enjoy working with so many people in the buildings that I sub for, but sometimes people will just stand in front of me and bark orders.  Even when I agree to do something, I never get a thanks, or a "Hey, I appreciate what you're doing."  Mind you, it's never the whole crowd, but there are always a few rotten apples.  I'm sorry about my rant, but I just wish that there were more opportunities for people to share their appreciation for one-another.