I think I've manage to bring the end of my life significantly closer over these past two weeks or so.  And the madness continued last night.  I met up with Gina for dinner at WABA.  She has to be the coolest girl in Korea I think.  Anyway I had a great time hanging out with her and chilling.  We then rolled over to Baskin Robbins and picked up some icecream for dessert.  Caleb joined us and then we desperately went looking around for a place to get some beer.  Little did we know it would be almost impossible.  After being turned away at 3 places  we finally found a winner in the form of this new place call Kaiser which is across from Gallery Zone.  Nothing special but it was fun.  The House showed up shortly after and the beer began to flow like water.  At some point we started to play the finger game.  This was the beginning of  the end for me.  Really, I just can't win this game.  I lost count of how many times I lost.  We should have switched games but nobody was up from that.  At some point after losing I found myself in the bathroom relieving myself when I was accosted by a Korean who really wanted to be friends.  Bathroom meetings are always awkward.  So he ended up grabbing my hand and was dragging me back to his table.  Oh I should add this guy was rip roaring loaded.  Kudos go to his friends though who saw what was going on and they ran to my rescue.  This of course let to the two tables mingling, the really drunk guy one shotting a glass of our beer and them buying a pitcher for us.  It was actually a great deal of fun.   Well the sad hour of 1 finally rolled round and we had to go see Asma off.  The weather was terrible but we managed.  This was a little bit sad.  When I think of true friends Asma comes to mind and will be missed.  I gave my small going away present and then helped lug a suitcase down the stairs.  I feel like dud having not  gone to the bus station.  I didn't know so many people were going, I thought it was only Jeff and Caleb.  Asma best of luck in everything.   It is really sad to think that just like that someone you've known so well and hung out with so much is just out of your life and you don't really know if you'll ever see them again.  I guess I always hang onto the idea that we could meet again.  So I just fool myself out of saying "good-bye" and into saying "see you later."  My Saturday night continued with Gina and I going to The Pulse.  This place is pretty cool.  We got another pitcher and hung out.  Caleb joined back up with us after coming downtown again.  We decided to scope out Au which is the new place above The Pulse.  I don't know what the trend is with naming places after symbols on the periodic table but it seems to be working.  I like Fe and Au ain't bad.  It was kind of dead but that is to be expected since it's new.  It is pretty swank on the inside.  The need salsa to go with the chips and they need to get bartenders who know what the hell is going on.  The balcony is just awesome.  I really look forward to sitting up there and watching all the ants march by as soon as the weather is decent.  Fountain, Jung-nam and Alex joined us at some point and this is where stuff got interesting and a little awkward.  I haven't seen her in forever and the last time we did meet we didn't part on such good terms.  Well she was totally wankered as usual and I hung out for a little bit and then decided it was time to go.  Gina and I then ended up at New Blue and had some lemon soju and then called it a night.  I literally managed to get no sleep last night.  Now here comes the best part, I had work at 8:30.  Luckily I was done at 12:10.  Yuck, that sucked.  My first class was cake, but the other two were terrible.  These kids were just brats.  I wouldn't want to be there either on Sunday morning but hell man I'd at least put my best foot forward since my parents are shelling out money.  The classes were too big and the kids just didn't give a damn.  But that made it easy for me b/c I didn't give a damn either.  It was so good to make it back to bed where I got a little rest.  I totally was supposed to met someone for coffee at 3 and that feel through, go figure.  Man I felt like an ass too.  I'll make it up to her later.  I'm feeling alright now but I'll sleep well tonight.   There are plans for a "giver" blog in the works.  I'll keep you guys updated.  I'm also officially part of the hand phone giver club.  Ask about how you can join.  You need a hand phone hadn't already guessed.   The weather sucked today.  I really don't mind the rain so much, just not on the weekends.  It is great during the week b/c it cuts down on the military flights and veggie trucks.  This in turn means less noise for yours truly.   I'm trying to get to Taiwan this Friday.  We'll see if it works out.  If not then I'm just going to sit at home, hang out and do nothing.  That is what I need, a couple days of nothing.  I still need someone to go with.  If anyone wants to go to Taiwan and has from Friday to Monday off let me know.  I think I'm done for now.   Duke, duke, duke of  earl.