Paris wasn´t what I was expecting, I would agree with a lot of people who say that paris has to be one of the most beautiful cities on earth, and it is quite clean! Paris was also one of our first stops where we all spent the night in one of the contiki villiages, and hence we all got a little more familier with one another. Now I don´t know if our tour manager is telling mincie pies, but apparently we are one of the best groups he has ever toured with, and a quick sureptitious word with the bus driver also reveals that he too thinks we are definatly one of the best groups. So I was still a little pesimistic about these comments not being totally true as you could imagin a tour guide wanting his clientelle to be happy. But I must admit that there is not one single person who has issues with one particular person or the entire group, I am totally amazed that such a fantastic group of people would so quickly become those whom I would lable as friends, and this is a fairly big statement, for althought I may say someone is my friend, most of the time I would really regard them as an associate. But all of these people whom I travel with are indeed of the true friend variety. For this I am happy. Trie Bien.  The Effile Tower is not as amazing as had imagined, not at least in the same way that I imagined it, it is truely one of the many feates of wonder that I have and will encounter during my sojourn. During every O´clock in the dark velvet of night, the world biggest radio antennae lights up with thousands of strobes, giving it the effect of a glittering be-jeweled needle that peirces the horrizion. I have photos, and when I get the opportunity to finish wy web gallery software, I will stick them on the net for all to see.  Napoleon has a lot to answer for in frech history and alot of that we are learning during this trip he may be seen as a villian for so many lives were taken because of his desicions. But the nation of france still loves him for what he did and how he was, should you so desire - I urge you to learn more about his amazing deeds for he was truley a remarkable person.  Should you ever visit france you may notice many statues of Napoleon or a large emblazioned "n" on some of the architechture around paris. This is a sign of Napoleon´s passing.