Reality, reality, let down your hair.  by A Better Mousetrap   from impeccable's last post, it seems i must say something about knowing cats from reality shows. mike royko, the ol chicago cynic/columnist once said that if you live in chicago for 5 years, you'll know someone who has been mugged, 10 years, you'll know someone who has been killed. (it's true, oddly, for me at least.) we can amend this cosmic law of averages now to reality shows: if you watch reality shows for 10 years, you'll know at least one moron who feels the need to take off his or her shirt, to "vent" to complete strangers, to "hook up" on account of all the free booze and instant celebrity (let's face it--people want the famous people, and reality shows fabricate more famous people) or to argue about "the needs of the house," all in front of 5 million drooling people with dorito-chapped fingertips.  so who is mine after these 10 years? ms.  urlLink Ellen Cho .  I don't have many funny stories about ellen, if you've seen road rules 10, shown June-November 2001, you know who she is, the flaky asian girl who got drunk every episode and never wanted to get her hands dirty. she's from libertyville, IL all right (actually Vernon Hills, a dopey stretch of quarter-acre lots next to our malls). i'm beginning to believe that anyone with no dirt under their cuticles is from libertyville.   ellen beat me for sophmore class treasurer. my platform was utilizing more of the class budget toward a social event, such as a sophmore valentine's day dance, where ellen advocated the allocation of funds to athletics and the creation of new clubs, such as LEAF (libertyville enviromental action foundation). i lost probably due to the fact that i was a weird geek and ellen was a cheerleader, but still, i'd rather dance than pick up litter. we lived in a suburb for christsakes.   as i watched ellen on mtv two years ago, realizing she was the first of no doubt many of my classmates that will become famous, i was forced to confront the nature of fame in my culture. first, her fame was not achieved by talent or hard work, so i wasn't proud or boastful of my fellow libertyvillian. (libertyvillian- wow, that word is spinning me around. it's like an evil patrick henry.) second, i saw that fame, even for the talented and hard-working, isn't something envious, because no matter what, you're on the same noterity level as someone like ellen or fat steve the obnoxious fiance. you get equal billing in the celeb media. if you're a woman, cloistered men still prowl around the internet for sites with you topless at the same relative rate as that of any other famous woman.   who wants to be famous anymore?