People always pray that THEY have the better day, but you wonder to yourself, is it worth making that person over there's life just a tad better? I myself was having the lousiest day available, but hell, what about that poor guy at Subway over there? I got an interesting sandwich off him, and it was about $5.30, so I gave him six dollars instead. However, looking upon the cash register, he actually doesn't find the seventy cents extra. I don't think he was particularly happy about this situation, as company rules, never to say "I owe you..." so he asked instead if I had thirty cents, as he gave me back the extra dollar bill. I had to rummage, believe me, in my pockets to find thirty cents, whilst, as I heard from the guy under his breath, "please make this my lucky day..." At last, I found thirty cents, and he got the exact change. He looked somewhat relieved, as he gave me a  broad smile, and a warm thank-you. I left with a good sandwich and he got his exact change. Mutual happiness. And he got 'a lucky day' apparently. Making someone happy, now that's pretty good to give. Perhaps I'm misquoting here, but JFK once said, "It's not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country," as he tried to recruit Peace Corp members. Well, screw trying to get self-satisfaction. I'd say go for the giving for whatever possible.   But then again, there's this other theory...  ...what if, in assumption, he was just having the worst day of his life? What if, as a matter of fact, he was having a bad day because he was being held up by his girlfriend, who he was waiting for at his dayjob? What if, for some strange and bizarre reason, it was because of ANOTHER reason that he wasn't particularly happy, and that he was muttering about something else, besides just a hope that I had a quarter and a nickel? Or three dimes? You sort of wonder after a while, if you mull over somethign for a good ten to fifteen minutes...  ...whatever the case, hope that guy had a lucky day.