Yesterday seemed kind of fast and wasted... I mean, SFSU was great and everything, but after that it just got irritating, maybe it was because there wasn't enough time to be spent well, and well... Albert wanted to go clubbing later in the evening, so it worked out pretty well for him, I guess. After State, we walked over to Taravel and 19th to have pho and some eggrolls. It was rather funny how we found ourselves sitting next to a large round table of burmese men. "STOP EAVESDROPPING!" he said. He turned his head with much eager to listen to what they were saying, but disguised it as though he was just glaring out the window. "YOU STOP EAVESDROPPING!" We both laughed. Yeah, good shit. We weren't really actively listening, but we did manage to pick up parts of the conversation that consisted of shops, socialites, and concubines...yes.. concubines. I didn't realize it at first, but quite a few burmese families are pretty dysfunctional in terms of fidelity and marital relationships.                We left for downtown to meet up with Ryan and Kristian to go shopping. We arrived there earlier than they did, so Albert and I decided to walk over to Urban and check out some clothes. Under the $10 shelves were some pretty awesome shirts, especially the one that had Lynyrd Skynyrd on it. Sadly, there wasn't a price tag and it wasn't until I took it to the counter to get it checked that it wasn't $10, but it was $14.99. What a tragedy. I decided not to buy it because I didn't want to waste my cash flow too quickly. :sigh: I wanted to buy it soooo bad, though. Oh well, next time around eh? I really wanna go spend some time around Haight;haven't been there in a while.         We met up with Ryan and Kristian at Border's, then headed over to Men's Macy's. Kristian bought a really sexy black Reaction jacket for about $140; looked very sexilicious on him. Then we went all the way down to the bottom floor to get Albert a nice dress shirt to wear for club. I finally met Christine, Ryan's taken love interest... or was it Kristine.. What do I think of her...All I can say is that she's cute, but I don't know her well enough to make a full analytical judgement about her.On another note, I get to go to see the A's play! LIVE! In an actual stadium! WOOHOO! I'm excited. It's my first baseball game..err.. actually, first game ever! Yup. It'll be fun.