I can't even set this up properly, so I'll just let you read it.   Headlining an appearance with other Democratic women senators on behalf of Sen. Barbara Boxer, who is up for re-election this year, Hillary Clinton told several hundred supporters—some of whom had ponied up as much as $10,000 to attend—to expect to lose some of the tax cuts passed by President Bush if Democrats win the White House and control of Congress.   “Many of you are well enough off that ... the tax cuts may have helped you,” Sen. Clinton said.  “We’re saying that for America to get back on track, we’re probably going to cut that short and not give it to you. We’re going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good."     WHAT!?! I don't believe she had the balls to even think something like that, much less say it out loud at a fundraiser! Are liberals so stupid that they actually applauded for this nonsense? Were there no little red flags popping up around that room? Libs, here's what you don't get. You work, and for working you earn something called  money . You can use it to buy things. Buying things helps the economy. If you put money back in, the government doesn't have to take so much away from you. Everybody wins. If the government takes the money you worked to earn, they spend it on big programs that give your money to folks who don't work. That's the "common good" she's talking about. Now, call me crazy, but that just don't seem fittin' (as my grandmother might say).    Libs, take the tofu out of your ears and think for a change. Where does Hillary get off saying that they know what's "good for you"? (Last time I checked, she wasn't running for president until 2008.) I'll let you in on a little secret---she doesn't know.   I was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas and lived in a tiny little town named Paragould. Bill Clinton was governor and the state was in the shitter. Education in Arkansas was ranked 48th (thank God for Alabama and Mississippi), so, naturally, Bill gave the job of cleaning up education to his wife. I guess it was because she had ABSOLUTLEY NO EXPERIENCE WITH IT! She must have known exactly what to do, right? Wouldn't want to give that task to former teachers who'd been in the trenches and knew what their co-workers and students needed to succeed now would you? After a year of Hillary's rule as the head of the education department, Arkansas did not climb up the ranks. We slipped to 50th. Yes, dead last. Past Alabama and Mississippi if you can believe it. She plans on doing the exact same thing for this entire country if she (God forbid) ever gets behind the big desk.  Now that this rant has shifted from Marxism to Hillary, I guess I'll pose this question. When did she become qualified to be a senator? Most folks work their way through the ranks--they sit on school boards and work as members of city councils. Others are lawyers and doctors who work closely with politicians, but where did Hillary get her clout? She worked as a crooked member of a crooked law firm, rides her husbands britches, which are dragging on the floor behind him as he screws every intern he can get his sweaty hands on, and lands up in the White House. Does she stop there? No! She buys a house in a posh New York suburb and wheedles her way in through folks too stupid to see what she's up to. Now she thinks she is fit to be the first female president. If that's true....then I'm Barney's lover. I mean it. Both concepts make me quite ill.  Oh, and about the sweaty hands bit. I know it for a fact that he has them. I met him when I was in third grade. All I remember was that his shoes were shiny and that his hand was sweaty and clammy. I just thought it was gross at the time, but knowing what we know about him now...it's downright disgusting.