This past weekend I traveled to Nagano with 23 other Miyagi JETS.  Unfortunately, neither team did particularly well but it was a fun trip nonetheless.  On Saturday, the girls team was scheduled to play 2 games, the first against Gunma and the second against Nagano Prefecture.  For the entire tournament I was the goalie and was the only team member to play every minute of every game.  I don't know how it happened, but somehow I managed to actually play really well on day 1.      The first game against Gunman ended with a 0-0 tie and we therefore went into penalty kicks.  Because we were playing 6 a side soccer, three shooters were chosen.  Our shooter made the 1st and unfortunately so did theirs.  Then our 2nd missed and theirs made it.   Now the pressure was really on.  Our 3rd fortunately made it but if I didn't save the next shot we would have lost.  Well, I blocked it.  We then went into sudden death.  Our 1st and 2nd shooters both missed but I saved both shots from the other team.  Then our 3rd shooter came through for me again and as luck would have it, the last shot from the other team didn't get passed me and we had 1 our first game!!!   Prior to the start of the second game, we heard that Nagano beat Gunma 7-1 so we knew it would be a tough game.  I was diving all over the place and reaching shots that I didn't think was possible.  Those watching were making comments and the Nagano girls were getting frustrated because I was able to read where they were heading and block some pretty good shots.  Although we lost, I was quite pleased with my play that game.     On day 3 we drew Chiba and again the first half I was diving all over the place and saved every shot they had.  We also got a lucky goal and were up 1-0.  Unfortunately, we switched sides in the 2nd half and I ended up slipping and sliding in mud for the duration of the half.  The combination of lots of mud and a horrible ref resulted in us losing the game.  I was quite disappointed with my play in the 2nd half but I guess you can't save them all and the conditions were working against me.  While we didn't make it very far, it was good fun and the teams we played were very nice for the most part.