Yes my shoes are dirty.  It ended up pouring rain for a bit this afternoon.  Lucky for me I was pretty much done with all my sightseeing for the day and I was on the way back to the hotel.  I have a bit of mud on my pants too and that sucks.   I think I need to get out of Cambodia before I become depressed.  The longer I'm here the more details I find out about there war torn history.  Today, totally by chance, my motto driver turned out to be some kind of linguistic genius.  He speaks, Cambodian, Vietnamese, Russian and English.  So he could explain everything perfectly in English.  How this dude ended up driving around tourist like me, I'll never know.  So turns out this guy is 35 and was around during the civil war in Cambodia.  He and his family used to live in the capital but were relocated to Battambang.  Here his family was split up and he was put into a concentration camp.  At the time he had 10 siblings and both parents.  When everything finally ended he had lost 7 siblings and his father.  The details are just too bloody to get into but anyway it was a very moving story.  He was educated in Russian and Vietnamese but had to learn English on his own since that is what all the tourists speak.   One of our first stops was a place called the killing cave.  We've all heard of the killing fields and this is basically the same idea.  It was a deap cave with a hole at the top and the soldiers would throw you in and leave you to die.  There was a way to walk around into the cave from the other side so we went in.  In the event you didn't die from the fall there was someone waiting at the bottom to stab you with a bamboo spear.  Over 50,000 people were killed in this fashion.  There are still human bones left in the cave as a reminder.  It was a very humbling experiance to say the least.   After touring around I walked around town.  I'm planning on head to the capital, Phnom Pehn, tomorrow.  From my walk is seems I've made the right choice.  There really isn't much of interest here.  There is one local club I might dip into and have a beer just to see what's up.   I have to say the women here seem to be a lot more attractive than the ones in Siem Reap.  There also aren't nearly as many beggers.  Should be only 6 hours tomorrow so that shouldn't be too bad.  Stay tuned.