Only 5 more days of going to Fellows stuff for the rest of the summer. University coursework is technically done, but with my family situation, my two professors gave me extensions to finish up the huge workload due for the end of semester. So, I'm spending the rest of this weekend getting together my papers that need to be turned in and studying for my Ed Psych final.  Last weekend with Holly was a ton of well-needed fun. We went to see 3, yes, 3, broadway shows. After she arrived Thursday night, we went to Brick Cafe, where we spent, um, I think, somewhere between 3 and 4 hours catching up.  Friday, she went to school with me at Queens College. What a brave soul! That night for dinner, we went to the Olive Garden in Times Square. It was absolutely pouring down rain, and we all got soaked (although I got it the worst, being a dummy and thinking that when the rain had quit earlier that afternoon, it was really over, and therefore choosing not to take an umbrella). Still, the Olive Garden is always good, even when you're wet. And even being wet doesn't seem too bad after a Long Island iced tea and a Cosmo. Hahaha. (Holly, I still owe you a drink, girl!)  Saturday night we saw "Wonderful Town" with the amazing Donna Murphy. We actually went and waited by the stage door for her to come out, but after what felt like forever, we decided to press on and do other things. Like go to the Virgin Megastore and buy lots of music. Yay!  Sunday, we went to the tkts booth again, and got seats for the matinee performance of "Bombay Dreams." Oh-the costumes, the dancing! It was fantastic! From there, we stopped quickly at Roy Rogers and got a quick bite, and then met Sarah out front of the famous Winter Garden theater, where we saw "Momma Mia!" That was truly spectacular! Although lots of people sang along through the whole show, at the end, I don't think there was a single person not dancing in the aisles! And it was special because it was Sarah's first Broadway show  ever . Afterwards, we went to Ellen's Stardust Diner, where the servers take turns performing. Turns out that our waiter was actually from Sarah's hometown in Ohio, and was only a year or two older than her. Only in NY!  In case you're curious, the ex-boyfriend is still calling me. It seems he is determined to get himself "back in the picture," but he has, um, shall we say, some "issues." The most I have agreed to at this point is to let him take me out to dinner once while I'm in Texas. He had already been planning to go to see his family, but after talking with me on the phone, put off his intended schedule to wait until I would be there. So, no pressure or anything there, I just thought that just about anyone who has the guts to call after 6 years should be given at least a chance.  Anyway, I am very glad to have things wrapping up here and am ready for a break from school. I'll see ya'll soon!