where will ibe the day after tomorrow? [hahaha]  i had a great time with my grandma and my aunt the other day. they treated me and my brother out. first, we at this delicious pasta house named "napoli" somewhere in Timog. then we went to the mall and watched a movie called, " the day after tomorrow". it was about this climetologist father trying to get to his son in manhattan in the middle of a huge natural disaster. it was when the glaciers in the north and south poles started melting and it affected the oceans's currents and caused the freezing of the Northern Hemisphere. it was a great movie. it was scary as hell. i mean, it's not completely impossible for that to happen. and the bravery and heroism of the characters were admirable. plus, i learned hell of a lot of stuff.  1. never test nature.  i am now fully aware of what can and may happen years from now [my lifetime or not]. if we continue destroying mother nature, she'll destroy us. if not, we'll end up killing ourselves. i, for one, don't want to freeze to death so maybe it's a really good idea to take it easy with the massive consumption or resources.  2. humanity survives with hope, will and, sometimes, desperation. the reason why there were survivors is because they feared dying so they ran in frustration and panic. they ran their asses off to safety when half the globe was almost ending. they took fatal risks, stunts, hurried decisions and had their minds over matter because their will to live was so great. not only in that movie but in real life as well. people become who they want to be because their will to succeed was great. and they did something risky to fulfill that will.  3. unity is a big part of surviving.  there was a part in the movie where the americans had to evacuate south because the north was freezing. the mexicans didn't let them in because it would be illegal migration. most americans brought down the fences and just crossed the border illegally just to get to safety. later on, the us president offered the mexican government a deal of amnesty in exchange for refuge. so somekinda symbiosis kept poeple alive. the mexican's hospitality and the american's amnesty grant. there was a connection and an alliance made between the countries and it helped them in suviving.   4. believe sometimes, no matter how far-fetched soem ideas or promise are, we should give them the beefit of a doubt. nothing really is impossible. even if it's an end-of-the-world theory or a promise to walk 3000 miles to you in the freezing cold by foot, no idea is born without fact provoking it.  5. never watch a movie without a jacket. dammit! all the ice in the movie made me feel a lot colder than i already was.  *** i haven't to jammi in days now and i don't miss him. it's like it's normal. like we're just friends....just friends....he hasn't called anyway...