Well, a lot has occured since the last post.  Yesterday (Monday) was pretty busy.  I got some mental work done on my citizenship, law and education paper.  Many thanks go out to the diverse bunch of people who replied in response to my last post.  Your comments stimulated a lot of thinking, and I'll probably have more to say about that later today.  We also held the philosophy club meeting yesterday evening, where we talked about equality.  One of the basic problems we were trying to answer was how we are supposed to treat people who are different equally.  What does equal treatment mean, in other words.  Different people have different needs and different values, and if we were to treat everyone the same, we would inevitably be treating some of them unequally.  An easy illustration: everyone has different sized feet.  If we treated everyone the same by giving everyone the same sized shoe, anyone who has feet that don't fit the shoe will be treated unequally.  This is very different from moral issues such as rights of a fetus and affirmative action, but I think the necessary common aspect between the illustration and the real problem is evident.    Anyways, Eric, Molly, and myself went to Keg'n Kork for a single beer afterwards, at about 6:00pm.  Three pitchers and five hours later, Eric drove me home.  We had an excellent talk/argument/bonding experience...well, at least I did.  Molly and Eric know each other exceptionally well, so the bonding was mostly in my relationships with each of them.  We talked about love, relationships, the future, personal histories, and other such interesting topics.  I won't go into more detail, unfortunately, as much of the conversation was private.  You'll just have to trust me when I say that it was a very interesting conversation, so you should pretend I just had lots of interesting things to say, which will motivate you to visit this blog more often.  OK, I've got to go and deliver the remainder of my presentation on Heraclitus and strife, now.  Later today, I've got to pound out that law, citizenship, and education paper---it looks like it'll be 15+ pages...holy crap.  I've still got a take-home test for the same law and economics class due in two days, which, by the way, I haven't even looked at yet.  "What does not destroy you, makes you stronger."--Nietzsche.  (Quoted quite a lot, and yet, not lived nearly as much as it should be.)