Once again, I am bringing out the classics. So once again, he is one more former post.  Well not much happened today except for this one little thing that I would like to quibble about.  Today the person that inspired me to create this blog said that she would like to read a book about my life. Well I was very appreciative and was about to thank her when this imbecile next to me chimed in to say something to the effect of “I would not like to read that, he does not do anything.” (well it was more derogatory but you get the idea)  Well this had incensed me because it follows this basic idea, "I go out more and try to socialize with my fellow idiots, so my life is better than yours." Well thank you moron. I cannot believe that anyone would believe this once you know more about who said this. You see the person that said that comment is a wannabe. He is so much of a wannabe that he goes out and drinks (alcohol) about every night and then comes to school the next day and tries to make it seem like he had a blast.  Now I have been under the influence of alcohol before and lets just say that I am never going to do that again. (Now for all you alcoholics who say that it gets better well bullshit because I know many former drunks that always ponder why they continued to drink.) First of all the only sensation you get from this is becoming an utter simpleton. Now there is many better solutions that I will suggest for people that like to drink. You could get a gun out and shoot yourself in the head because you are a complete idiot or you could bungee jump off a bridge and forgot to bring a rope. Now those would be fun times wouldn't they?  With all those joyous things that come out of being drunk you also get all those damn deficiencies that come to your body. Now I will not list off all of these because I bet you remember some of these from those stupid DARE classes, but here is what you lose when you get liver cancer.   What the liver does  Stores and Mobilizes Energy Controls Blood Sugar (Glucose) Regulates Glycogen Regulates Fat Storage Aids Digestion Produces Bile Regulates Blood Clotting Produces Several (Non-Reproductive) Hormones Manufactures Cholesterol (a certain amount of cholesterol is beneficial) Filters Blood Eliminates Bacteria Breaks down Drugs Produces Vitamins Stores Minerals Produces Essential Immune System Factors Monitors, as Well as Manufactures, Countless other Blood Proteins, to Maintain the Proper Levels of Numerous Chemicals in the Body  Then once you are done with all those little things like debilitating cancers you have to face the wrath of having to lay down some money for this precious liquid. Now how do you get this money, well you have to work. And with this retard the only job that he can do is hard labor. So a basic synopsis of his life goes like this:  1. Work 10-12 hours a day lifting 100 lb bags 2. Waste his money on the great alcohol 3. Become a complete moron 4. Pass out 5. Wake up 3 hours later 6. Continue cycle until age 35 when death is upon him.  Oh hurray with all those benefits (being a moron) isn't it time you thought about drinking your life away and complaining about my peaceful life you completely useless fool.