It was just... one of those days.  First, when I woke up this morning, I found water on my kitchen floor.  Why?  Because my entire fridge AND freezer defrosted overnight.  Not because the door was open or anything.  In fact, not for any reason that I could find.  So... I went over and filed a work order to get it fixed, and Nicole and I left for our trip of the day.    Upon returning, almost seven hours later, I had a message.  They didn't get my work order (which I filled out at 10 am) until after everyone was gone for the day.  So... no one looked at my fridge.  They would try to get to it tomorrow.  If I wanted, I could get security to open up the empty apartment upstairs for me, so I could use that fridge.  So, I went through my fridge and freezer, and threw out everything that was ruined.  I took the rest of it upstairs and put it in that fridge.  Now, of course this happened after I went shopping last week, and bought a bunch of chicken, because it was on sale.  I brought it home, and froze it all... and it all defrosted.  So now I have to cook all of this chicken in the next week before it goes bad.  Anyone want to come over for dinner?  But wait.  It gets better.  I made dinner (chicken of course), and Nicole and I watched a movie.  A while later, I walk into my bathroom... and step into a puddle of water on the floor.  I turn on the light to see where it's from, and find that I have water dripping through my light fixture on to the floor.  I immediately turn off the light, and go upstairs to the apartment above me.  Of course, no one is home.  So I go over to security, and tell them the situation.  They come back with me, and key into the apartment above mine.  They decide that the seal on the base of his toilet must be faulty, so they call someone in to turn off the water to his toilet.    At this point, I'm really annoyed with my entire apartment, so Nicole and I head out to Friendly's to get some ice cream.  An hour later, we return, and I walk into my apartment.  There is still water dripping from the ceiling of my bathroom.  Now, in addition to dripping through the light fixture, there is a paint bubble about the size of a softball next to the light, which is also dripping water, and looks like it is about to burst any second.  I go back over to security, to see where things stand.  They've changed shifts by now, so the new guy tells me that the water will stop eventually, and that maintenance will be there to look at it in the morning.    So... chances are, this is going to be a long process.  Nicole and I decide that we should really take showers tonight, because God knows if we'll even be able to use the bathroom tomorrow.  So we take showers... in the dark.  Of course we can't use the light--that might cause an electrical fire.  And there are no windows in my bathroom.  So we take our nice, dark showers.  And now, we're trying to go to bed early, because the maintenance crew starts at 7, and with my luck, they'll knock on my door at 7:05.    Now for a little bit of good news from today.  We did drive down and check out Binghamton University, which was very nice.  The conducting program, which is what Nicole is looking at, is a really good one.  I was amazed when the professor we spoke to said that he accepts one conducting student a year.  That's it.  That one person then gets literally hundreds of hours of conducting time in during the course of their Master's Program.  I couldn't believe how great of a program this sounded like.  So that was my good  part of the day... and man, did I need it.