Ted and I are moving next week.  We're packing up and leaving college behind for good.  It's all very strange and I don't know how to feel about it.  I love our apartment, and I like living in Urbana......I like my job, school, all of that.  But school is over now so we've gotta leave.  I guess it might be easier if we had some clue as to what was going to happen next.  I mean, Ted and I plan on joining the Peace Corps, but that decision is really out of our hands now.  We're moving in with my parents while we wait to hear one way or the other.  It's strange and uncomfortable leaving your fate in the hands of someone you've never met.  Our recruiter tells us not to worry, but how can I not worry when I have to put my whole life on hold for something that may not happen.  As it is, I'm sick of talking about the Peace Corps since it's all anyone ever asks us about....so no more on that subject.  There are some benefits to being done with school other than the satisfaction of having a Master's Degree in a field I'm super passionate about.  I finally have time to do things other than school!  Red and I just bought a bunch of new books, and I love having the time to sit down and really enjoy them.  Right now I'm reading Anna Karenina, and even though Oprah chose it for her silly book club, I have to give her (or whoever chooses Oprah's books) credit for choosing a truly beautiful translation.  It is so truly fabulous to be able to enjoy a book without that little nagging voice in my head telling me I really should be reading this article or writing this paper.  I've also recently taken up knitting and jewelry making.  I had to have two hobbies because knitting takes a long time to create a product so I need the instand gratification of jewelry making.  I was talking to Ted the other day about how I have discovered this amazing joy that comes with making something with your hands.  My whole life I've been that smart girl who reads books and I never fully appreciated or realized the other kinds of intelligence I could possess.  There is a great satifaction that comes from creating a piece of fabric out of two stick and some yarn or taking tiny random beads and putting them together to create something beautiful.  I feel like most of my life has focused on school and on learning from books, and now I've discovered a whole new way to learn.  That's all for now, packing calls....