Yesterday, Harry Fox had an idea to drive up to Milwaukee and watch the Brewers play at Miller Park.  Eric Swanson and Rob Anderson came with too.  The day kicked a male camel's ass!   (P.S.: As I write this post, Trust by Megadeth is on the radio.  YEEEEESSSS!!!!!)  We didn't want to waste any time when we all met up, so we went right to the liquor store!  Each of us purchased a 40 from Pakistani Pete (the local brewmaster) and we bought a case of Miller Lite to split.  Everything was packed tightly into Horvie's cooler, so that the beer was fresh and cool like a mountain stream.  We were then faced with a tough decision: Chipotle or Mr. A's for lunch?  Chipotle won so like Mr. Hedstrom would say, we "ate our lips off".  Good thing Curta wasn't there or else she would've SHAT her pants.   Off to Milwaukee we went.  Since Fox was driving, he took it upon himself to create a road trip cd.  It had some great bands like Megadeth and Local H.  The middle of the cd was very touching as "it made you think about life."  The cd was no  That's What I Call HORV 3  but it still kicked ass.   We arrived at Miller Park around 2pm and earned one of the best tailgating spots in the parking lot.  Between 2 and 5pm, we drank all of the beer except for 2 cans.  The other experienced tailgaters remembered to bring chairs, footballs, and that bean bag game.  Since we didn't have that kind of entertainment, an idea was struck up to create a bowling alley.  The empty 40s were the bowling pins and Fox's spare tire was the bowling ball.  We never got to bowl, but this sport may become the next Baseketball.  Swany and I both wore our Urlacher jerseys to "Packerland".  We took a lot of heat, but the Cheeseheads weren't good debaters.  The only thing they kept saying was "6 to 8 weeks!!!!", making fun of Urlacher's injury.   We decided to enter the stadium around one hour early to get the free give-away.  It was a Milwaukee Brewers 12-can cooler pack with the old Brewer's logo on it!  As we were walking to the stadium, a Pirate fan with a Bobby Hill jersey #17 told us about the two big trades in Chicago.  I was about to beat Bobby Hills ass because I didn't like the trade and thought he was lying.  Fox confirmed the trade with his brother.  Our seats were behind home plate in the upper deck.  It was actually a great view of the field for only $12.  The game was pretty boring.  The Pirates won 4-1 behind the pitching of pitchers I never heard of.  Rob had the closest prediction as he picked the Pirates to win 5-2.  We got into a heated debate about who the Pick-to-Click was.  Fox wanted to give Lyle Overbay the title because the scoreboard said he liked Pearl Jam.  Overbay did end up with 2 hits, but Jason Kendall (Horv's pick) had the  only RBI  of our picks and his team won!  We were sitting close to this guy with a Paul Konerko jersey on, but he ended up being a sellout as he bought a Brewer's t-shirt halfway into the game.  I was pissed off that I didn't get to see Bernie the Brewer go down his slide in left field.  Geoff Jenkins did hit a solo homerun, but I was a dumbass and forgot to look at Bernie's slide.  I can't remember anything else cool that happened at the game itself...if you do, let me know and I will edit this post.  After the game, we went to Pap's Bar and Grill in Arlington Heights and met up with Tom "Big T" Ward and Dave Crowell for karioke night.  Most of the regulars like Barry-oke and B-man were in attendance.  Swany and Horv limped up to the stage as the "Drunken Urlachers" and sang Sweet Caroline.  The girls in the front row were going crazy!  We then let Rob join our group as the 3 D's (Drunk, Drunker, and Drunkest) to sing Sister Christian.  Everybody sang the grand finale as the "White Jackson Five" singing Don't Stop Believing by Journey!  We were so good that BeatleFanJoe held his lighter in the air as we sang.  Big T was hitting on a large girl for most of the night and I got that girl to call Aaron Bonfig (in Iowa) and try to convince him to come to Chicago.  Unfortunately, Bonfig blacked out and remembers nothing from the night.  We went our Separate Ways (Whoa, we should've sang that song too!!!) after the bar closed.  Swany and Big T went with the large girl to a party.  Rob, Dave and I went home.  It was a great day overall!