Seems like I've spent a lot of time on buses lately.   And in fact I think I have.  Getting to Phonsavan was interesting.  So we left Luang Prabang bright and early on the public bus (there was no other way).  All seemed to be going really rather well.  We were making good time, not stopping too much etc.  Then as fate would have it a tire blew out.  Ok no biggie I needed to go to the bathroom anyway and these dudes had obviously seen it before and were all over it.  Maybe we lost 20 minutes.  So then all is going well again, I finished my book, enjoying the scenery and "blam", another tire goes out.  It might have been the same tire actually.  I needed to go to the bathroom again so it wasn't a total waist.  This time seemed to take a little long.  At this point we're pretty close to town.  So we get going again.  We're 3KM from town for a third time a tire goes out.  What luck?  Well this time we're fucked b/c for whatever reason they can't fix it or it's going to take forever.  So they radio into town and have some little "took tooks" come and pick us up.  So at last we made it.  We found a good guesthouse and got some food and that's about all.  It's hard as hell to sleep on these buses b/c you're always going up and down mountains so you're constantly moving from side to side and being slid out of your seat.   Phonsavan is nothing special in and of itself.  It's a pretty small town with not much going on.  But the plain of jars is pretty darn awesome.  I explained most of it in the previous post but I'll go over it again.  So there are three major sites that you can visit.  Site 1 was probably the best as it had 350 huge ass cement jars scattered all over the place.  The largest one weighed around 15 tons.  The best part is nobody knows what the heck they are for.  It reminded me of stonehenge a bit in that they were really old and mysterious.  They are around 2500 years old by the way.  We then proceeded to sites 2 and 3.  I guess they are all more of less the same with slight differences in size and number of jars.  It's just really odd that someone (or some group of people) made all these jars and just left them lying around and nobody can seem to make heads or tails of it.   Yesterday night I had the best Indian food I think I've ever had.  There always seems to be an Indian restaurant around no matter where you are and in Laos they are cheap and really good.  We also had a few bottles of Beer Laos which made things taste all the better.   Today was another really long bus ride.  I think I just get really frustrated with the fact that it takes so long to go such short distances.  This is mostly due to the fact that you're in and out of mountains most of the time.  But the buses are old and everything just seems to take forever.  Laos people are never in a hurry it seems.  Neither am I really but it would help to get places a little bit faster.  I would like to visit a few more cities in Laos  but time is against me I think.  Scott needs to get back to me and tell me when I'm need back in the ROK.  We'll see how things go.  Gyeh-son flies out on Wednesday so then I'll be all by my lonesome again.  I need to figure stuff out by then.