Hey! I have been having sort-of a mixed up day today. I don't know whether that's good or bad... Today first started out good because I slept in and wasn't awoken by someone screaming 'Get up!' or, in some cases, 'Shut up!' After I awoke, I took a shower, went downstairs, skipped breakfast, and then I greeted my parents back from their camping trip.  Greeting my parents made me kind of mad because I knew that they went out and had a good weekend without me. Although it made me a little mad, I was still happy to see them and I was super happy that they, themselves, had a good time. I don't mean to be rude by saying that I was mad because they were having fun, I just mean that I wish that I could have been involved in their enjoyment. I'm just tired of being cooped up in this house. I mean I feel like if I leave then someone will get mad at me because they need me at home. It's bad enough going to my computer club meetings every Thursday knowing that someone needs me at home; but leaving to go do something that is totally school un-related and un-related to family life, I feel like everyone gets mad at me. I remember one time I went over to one of my old friends to stay the weekend and I had a great time. (This was back when I was like 7 btw) Anyways, I come home on Sunday and it seemed like everyone was mad at me for leaving for so long. I think that was the last time I had ever spent the whole weekend at one of my friends’ houses. I remember that all that Sunday night, I was crying because I thought everyone hated me for wanting to have a little bit of fun. I have to admit, I still think like that from time to time. I swear, bad thoughts like that are just demons that haunt you until you just don't care anymore. This weekend I actually left the house for more than an hour, though. I was hanging out with my sister, her baby, her boyfriend, and my boyfriend, so it was like home, but still. We were all laughing and having a good time and I just didn't want to come home. I have to be honest, but I am just too tired to really care if I make it home now days. I mean it seems like there is so many people to care for at home that I don't get anytime to really think about me. I mean, I can notice how people are complaining in school about how their wrists hurt or how they have a back problem. I feel sympathetic for them, of course, but I also feel like I don't have the same right to say that my back hurts. I'm so used to not thinking about myself here at home that I really don't tell people what is wrong. People can tell, though, almost everyday I have someone asking me 'what’s wrong' and I can never actually bring myself to tell them. Thinking about this makes me think of how Mom came up to me about a week ago and asked me how come I don't smile anymore. Then about the next day Dad asked me the same question and tell me that I used to be so happy. I couldn't help but to mutter under my breath 'Yeah, when?' Of course he didn't hear me... But then again, a lot of people don't hear me when I talk. I guess that’s a good reason why I feel so alone all of the time. I don't think anyone notices that either, like when I'm here at home I prefer to be all by myself unless someone needs me. Now that I read back through this, to me it sounds like I'm just a human doll that everyone uses when they need something. I guess I don't mind, but it kind of sucks knowing that most people only want to be around you to use you. You know what the weird thing is, though? Like I was saying before, I don't complain about anything on my body hurting. But then again I  do  complain a lot about my head hurting. I wonder why that is. Anyways, that’s all I have to write for now. Bye!