My life has slowed down for the night so I'll use this time wisely to blog.  This weekend was the best of times and the worst of times.  But I'll only write about the best of them.  Saturday was fun/interesting.  I started out with Fenton at AU.  This place is simply badass.  But I have to say I'm not sure it's the place I want to start at on a Saturday.  It is swanky and laid back.  But usually I'm the mood for somewhere a little more crowded and happening.  Either way it was fun.  People start showing up and we started drinking more.  The finger game as always was my undoing.  I was doing great for a while but then everything just fell apart.  My girlfriend can drink beer faster then me, how pathetic is that?  Fenton never seems to let me forget this.  But I can drink a hell of a lot more.  From AU we stopped in at Bellagio.  Not much memorable happened there, or maybe I just don't remember, I'm not sure which.  At some point Gumi James, Jeff, Lee and I were going to GR but something went horribly wrong at only Jeff and I made it there.  He then ended up upstairs while I danced myself almost to sobriety.  Gumi James bumped into some girl on the street who he ran off with, no surprise there really.  But Lee on the other hand, well this was a little fishy.  So I was the first to pay and go in.  The entrance is up top now so you pay and go down all the stairs.  So I paid and went on my way.  I saw Jeff and Lee pay and assumed they'd be along shortly.  Well Jeff made it but Lee never did.  I thought maybe he got confused so I went to look for him upstairs but still nothing.  Later that night we found out the bouncers wouldn't' let him in b/c they thought his camera was a bomb.  Only in Korea.  GR was a lot of fun.  Even though there weren't any other people from the friend group there I ended up knowing most of the foreigners there.  Jeff and I finally bounced around 3:30 or four.  Oh yeah Gumi did finally make it there.  It was then off to BB.  This place was packed an happening like I've never ever seen.  For some reason there seemed to be a ton of beautiful girls out.  At some point Gumi James asked me where a DVD bang was.  We can only guess what happened after that.  I ended up meeting a girl named Min-ah who was pretty cool.  All in all not a bad night.  I was less drunk then I thought I'd be.  After AU I was a little worried but when I got home I was almost completely sober.   I totally got caught sleeping in class today.  Worse yet I just couldn't less.  There were three kids and they've finished the book so we did the review and after they were finished they wanted to play hangman.  So whatever I let them play.  Being a little pooped I sat down and dozed off.  Sure enough the manager happened to walk by and check on me.  But he just woke me up and that was it and didn't say anything else.  I still don't think he likes me.  I also went to the travel agent today and I'm going to try and go to Saipan this upcoming break.  I'm excited, I think it'll be fun.  It is always good to get a little break from Korea.   I saw Hidalgo last night.  Pretty good movie.  Not great but fun.  Makes me want to ride horses and shit like that.  I feel I should be insightful on my blog, but at this point it's just beyond me.  I'm looking forward to a peaceful nights sleep tonight.  I planned on washing my clothes but wouldn't you know it my roomy beat me to it and there is only one drying rack which means my ass has to wait.   Oh I forgot to mention my streak of not so great Korean haircuts was continued this week.  I went with Gyeh-son to get my hair cut on Wed.  This time my hair doesn't look much different.  I guess if I have to choose between the two this is better then having it butchered.  I also got possibly the worst highlights ever.  I asked about them but didn't ask for them.  I just wanted to know if they were available and how much they were.  Well someone misunderstood something and before I knew it crazy shit was happening so I just sucked it up and took it.  Ok I'm going to find some kind of online quiz to take. Putting your appointed path ahead of any inner conflicts, you make your own rules for the benefit of all.  If my life or death I can protect you, I will.  p> urlLink