The first is a why don't we...    Why don't we use more pop songs in Church style worship?  If we are trying to develop a model of worship that empowers people to meet God where he is working in heir lives then shouldn't our songs reflect that.  Songs like (for example) Wake me up and Where is the love have (I think) a prayerfulness and also a real-ness that could be used powerfully in corporate worship plus when its beard on the radio or whatever I might remember the time we sung it might be prompted me more to worship.  Dunno if that made sense or not - but its been bubbling in my head for a while.   Second is a bit recycled from the excellent  urlLink Wild at Heart  .  Been thinking a lot about the revolutionary Jesus. Sure he was kind and gentle to people who needed it but he was also not shy of picking a fight.  For example look at the two times (I think) when he heals people on the Sabbath.  Both times he stands in the crowd and asks the religious leaders "Is it right to do this?" knowing they'll say no, and he'll heal the people anyway and embarrass the leaders.  Then there's the famous hard man Jesus story where he turns over all the tables in the temple because of the religious corruption and injustice going on there.  Even when he is in Gethsemane he is facing down the opposition with taunts;  "Why didn't you arrest me before  he asks, I've been in the city for days."  These were parts of the story that I knew but had forgotten.  They add to my image of Jesus.  Now he is itching for confrontation with darkness as well as gentle meek and mild.       This has two implications for me.  Firstly I'm following a fighter God who confronts injustice and oppression (spiritual and physical - they're both the same really) unflinchingly.  Doesn't that give me a mandate and challenge for action?  Secondly there is a challenge to my inside life.  Are there areas in my life that Jesus wants to pick a fight with.  What needs overturning in my attitudes, thoughts and actions.  Ouch.  I think God just got a little bigger.