Hey! It's about 8 o-clock right now here in this little town in Washington State; and, believe it or not, I'm usually in bed by now! But, of course, I had to have about two pots of coffee today total =/. It's all good though; I prefer to be up and able to move around. In the post before last, I was talking about my weekend plans and how I was stressing over what I was going to do. Well, It kind of just played out by itself... My boyfriend's father didn't get paid this weekend, so we are postponing our date  again , my parents left without me and my sister to go camping, so I can't lacquer the table  or  go camping (obviously), and I only had to baby-sit last night so I'm free for the rest of tonight and tomorrow. I definitely need more coffee! Remember in the last post how I was talking about blowing up on people? Well, I think I've found my problem. I think it's because of all of my stress and the fact that I just can't take anymore. I mean I love my family dearly, but I can only handle a few things at once and it seems like everyone keeps piling everything on me. I also know that most teenagers have these same family related stressors and friend related stressors, and I know that some kids have  way  more stress packed on them than me, but, personally, I don't see how they do it. I know that some people live day-to-day, in the just-trying-to-get-by sense, but it's horrible to live under such conditions. Us teenagers have so much going on (school, family problems, friend problems, etc, etc…) that some just can't handle it... I may be one of them because of my constant blowing up on people.  I mean is it truly natural for a teenager to constantly feel bad about themselves, feel like no one cares, and feel like they’re all alone? I knew (from local gossip) that most, if not all, teenagers feel like no one really, truly, cares for them; but doesn't that seem a bit wrong? I still wonder 'why is that?' late at night when I can't get to bed. You know what's really not funny but sorta is?... After typing on this subject (I don't think I'm done yet, but I'm just trying to type what I feel ;)), I really-truly miss my parents and wish that they were here right now. Actually, typing about this makes me think of my tight-enclosed heart that never lets anyone in. I mean I care for people, I truly do, but I have only had two good friends in my life; and even then, I was never really that close to them. I don't think I have  ever  told  anyone  how I truly feel. He he, now thinking about all of this makes me think of my friend that wanted me to tell him what was wrong and I wouldn't =/. It's all right though. I think I will  try , at least, to be more out and in-the-open.  But, then again, the word 'try' doesn't go all that far. Back on topic: I think that the majority of teenager’s now-days care a bit too much about what others think of them. I do agree that I care what others think of me, but I also don't spend two hours in the morning in the bathroom just putting on make-up. I think that's the reason the U.S. has so much teen suicide attempts. Not only because teens think about what others think about them, but also because all of the stressors that teenagers have to deal with everyday. And that whole 'day-to-day' thing really doesn't help much; because one day, that person is just going to say 'screw-it' and give up on everything that they have... Just to get away from it all. To be completely honest, I, myself, had thought about suicide more than once. Most of the reasons were simply because I wasn't happy (not in a spoiled way either). I was always looking down whenever I passed someone, and I used to  always  read books to get away from real life. I used to always cry at night, and I used to always give-up on the little things (which started me in on giving-up on the big things too... Like school)... ...That was 'back in the day' though, more or less, around a year ago. Over the past year I have other stresses on me and I don't have enough time to wallow in self-pity. School is my most important aspect in life, right now. Not my boyfriend, appearances (although I still look pretty good ;)), personal matters, etc, etc… I'm just hoping to graduate in the year of 07 and by 09 have a degree in Massage Therapy or Aroma Therapy. Do you think my hopes are too high now? I hope not... LOL. I  do  have a lot going for me, like most people (teenagers) do. And I  am  able to accomplish anything I want! :) ...Boy didn't that sound selfish! Like I said before, though, it's all good. I have my hopes for the future, and I have all of my pride in myself, and that’s all I need.  Despite this, though, I still do miss my friends a lot :(! But if friends are going to cause me more problems than I can handle, than I'm willing to give them up. I  do  believe that I  will  find newer and better friends later on in life. So I'm happy where I am, and where I'm going, in life, with, or without, friends. Anyways, I got to go, because that’s all I can write on this subject, for now anyways. So, Bye!