Berkeley sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild has documented the rise of the "time bind" in modern society: an increasing pressure to appear on the job for spiraling numbers of hours, a syndrome that affects factory workers as well as executives, datable from the early eighties in America.  Hochschild is concerned about what the "time bind" means for American families.  Do ninety-hour-a-week clocking consultants get to know their children?    Economists and journalists tend to shrug at Americans' hard-working habits.  When asked, most hour-clockers concede that they wouldn't know what to do with themselves if they had more time.  A house full of strangers is less stimulating than adrenaline-flooded work for those accustomed to the rush of task-oriented stimuli.  But among the most significant lessons to draw about the "time bind" is how people become accustomed to spending time in different ways.  Adults in their fifties remember clearly the discussions of three-hour work-weeks mooted in the 1970s.  Historians reckon that the three- or four-day weeks was prevalent in Western Europe until about 1820, when Sunday School teachers, factory managers, and the police conspired to murder the extra week-end that laborers showed no intention of giving up by themselves.  A small minority of scholars have recently asked what we lose with the "time bind," among them outspoken historian Christopher Lasch.  Are families who barely know each other the most stable units imaginable?  Would low voter-turn-out increase if educated Americans had more time to dedicate to social interaction?    Yet what we know from historians is that habits die hard.  Were we to decide as a nation that the ninety-hour-week was not the best use of the talents of the best and brightest twenty-somethings, establishing rewards for non-work would be a difficult task.  Without village and church to pressure the youth into not working so hard, what would be left?  Tax breaks for playing with children and talking to old people?     How shall we build a time machine?