Having graduated with a major in English Literature, I can guarantee that 99% of everything that I have ever read or a story that I have heard from birth until this very moment has centered around a hero of some sort.  Whether or not the hero is male, female, a group of people, good, evil, the notions remain the same:  there is a problem of some sort and it always threatens the well-being of one or more protagonists.  And this is where your hero is born.  This is where I get to come in, and I don't even know why I am here at all.  All I know for sure is that I saw a story on Fox News last week about Google going public, and that Google also owned Blogger.com, which prompted me to check out what's going on with this site since I have always wanted a blog of my own.  I don't even know whom this blog is being written for, since anybody can seem to access it, yet I never have been one to point out to others "Hey, check this out!  Look at what I have created!"  I suppose that this is here for me, and maybe even for those of you whom share in similar ideas or notions.  Currently, I am a recent college graduate and I'm looking for employment in the wonderful field of childhood education.  I am a large, hulking monseter (6'6" - 280 lbs.) with a degree in Elementary Education and English, and the job market here in Rochester, NY for teachers is more competitive than a litter of baby wolves vying for their mother's milk.  While I'm searching for this job of jobs (the one that I will be happy at for the rest of my life - wink, wink), I decided to also get engaged to my best friend and start looking for houses.  So, you're probably thinking "What's the point of this garbage?"  To me, it's simply a place to start.  As we have all started the first days of school with ice breakers and introductions, this is in a sense all I really know.  The best is yet to come.  Here is a place where I can finally post my opinions and whatever else I'd like to, and though you may not be able to tell, I am extremely happy that I found this place and not some stupid online forum.  Again, welcome to my new blog.  It'll be a fun ride, I swear.