I arrived in Athens at 6:30am this morning, Greece time, but I think it was around 1:30pm Sydney time. The trip felt like it was never going to end, I guess it felt even longer as I was and still am by myself. Allan and the band are arriving tonight, their flight gets in at 5:30pm. I really feel for them, as they left before me yesterday, but cause their flight went via London it is taking them longer to get here. My flight wasn't that bad, I have been a great observer and had a few chuckles along the way. It was so funny last night, I was stopped over in Singapore for 2 1/2 hours, and I couldn't get over all these little old greek couples, they seemed to be bickering amongst themselves, and it all seemed to do with who was first, and going first. I had the same impression when I arrived at Athens airport. I was practically left for dead, trampled on as they all ran for passport lines, and then the baggage collection. I almost felt invisible as they pushed past me. But I had to laugh about it.  With the Olympics within weeks, I definately thought the airport security would have been fairly tight, but not all. After I finally made it the window to the customs/immirigration line, I was shocked that the guy didn't even say BOO to me. He took my passport looked at it, and stamped it, and pointed past him, not even a hello. My bags were not checked, scanned or x-rayed, I could have hid anything in it, but never mind, really it made getting out the place quicker.  My ride in the taxi to Plaka, where I am staying at the Electra Hotel was funny as. The taxi driver attempted to check how cluely I was, first acting like he didn't speak english, and then questioning me, I had a few phrases, and greetings written down in Greek, so I tried my foriegn tongue out, not bad I thought, and must have impressed him, as he didn't rip me off, and actually gave me a discount fair, well atleast I thought it was, it cost me $25 Euro, which is almost $50 Aus.  So I am now contemplating which way I will go, I think it is just after 10am here, after 5pm Sydney time, I just tried a Greek Mac, at Maccas, I was starving and it was the easiest thing to order, it tasted good, on a wrap bread with a yoghurt style sauce intsead of our mac's. I think I am going to wander around the streets until Allan and the rest of the crew arrive.