This post follows a question asked by Chica and is the post I referenced at the end of Hi Dad.  To explain the relationship I have with my mom took me some time.  I needed to reflect on where we were and where we are today.  I have to say that I do not blame my mom for her difficulties in mothering.  She did not have a role model to follow that was capable of teaching nurturing skills.  So, to answer Chica's question I must start with some background.  My mom was raised by a paranoid schizophrenic mother and a father who might as well have been invisible.  Unfortunately, my mom never really knew the "right" way to parent her children and often exhibits the traits of schizophrenia she learned from her mother.  It wasn't until I was in high school that my mom finally realized she needed help (with the added persuasion of my father and the realization of not wanting to alienate me and my brothers as she was alienated by her mom).  My mom did really well trying to get over her past and we had started bonding as best as we could.  Then, I got married.  She couldn't handle the stress I suppose and started going downhill.  We seemed to be able to tolerate each fairly well, but only in small doses.  When I became pregnant, I think she really wanted to make an effort to be the mom to me that she wanted her mom to be to her.  She did everything she could to try and make things better.  She even became my stand in birthing class coach while S was working.  Things were going well. After a while, she started backsliding and became more judgemental of my actions in the caring for Shorty.  I didn't appreciate her scathing remarks and we would end up in bitter arguments.  These usually resulted in her crying and apologizing for being like her mother.   Anyway, making a long story longer than it needed to be, I can say that my mom and I do pretty well together. We can handle to be around each other for about a week, sometimes more or less.  We talk a lot more, and I try to convince her that she really wasn't a bad mom, she just didn't know any better.  I don't fault my mom for most of the belittling things she did (mind you she was never physically abusive) and on occasion does to me, but I know that I could never be her best friend either.