I am now walking approximately 4 out of 7 days per week 1.6 miles in 30 minutes in our neighborhood.  That is better than what I was doing 6 weeks ago which was not much.  The other day I was at the Pastor's house helping them with some computer issues when his wife and daughter made mention that I was losing some weight.  I know that I have probably not lost much but I do know from the way my pants are fitting me looser that I am atleast toning up a bit even if the weight loss is very gradual.  I am also feeling much better and I have more energy than before.  That energy level increasing has given me more self confidence and the ability to suck it up and go for that proverbial walk even when my body wants to be lazy in the morning.    I am having more luck with the increased exercise than I have been with my diet.  I need to find the same will power and tenacity when it comes to sticking less calories into my head.  The BEST way to lose weight is to EAT LESS and EXERCISE MORE.  Repeat this after me.   EAT LESS EXERCISE MORE  Yes, I know, easier said than done.  :)  It seems as if the body has a mind of its own.  No pun intended..... Maybe the body (flesh) KNOWS that I am planning something silly with regards to denying it of what IT wants and it preemptively shuts down all the logic and will power circuits in my mind and takes over from there by opening my mind and starting the hand to mouth reflex problems....    Have you noticed how many people in your community have mad cow disease?  No, I, we are not alone.  Lets face it, us Americans are just down right obese.  Someone said the other day that there is no shortage of food therefore we do not need to eat EVERYTHING in sight and that we just have access to way too much food to begin with.  I never really thought about it that way but whoever said it is right.  We do have access to way too much food.       Ok, enough said about mad cow disease.  I am going to take my mind (and yours) off of the calorie counting madness and diving off into one of my favorite hobbies which would be photography.  If you have know us (me) for long you had access to our www.fototime.com picture archive in which we had almost 1500 photos online.  I took those photos in the space of the last 3 years.  I guess you could say that I am a shutterbug at heart.  I hate being on the business end of the camera but I LOVE being on the other end.  The other day I noticed that there was a Canon AE1 35mm camera with a 50mm lens for sale at Goodwill.  The price was 19.95 with 50% off which brought the grand total to 9.95.  Yes, you guessed it, I am providing a new home for this camera.  I was also told that someone saw a zoom lens for it lying around but I was unable to find it.  So, with that in mind we now have another means of taking photos other than our digital camera or 8mm camcorder.  Tomorrow I will be burning the first roll of film at Kristina's awards ceremony in the hopes that it will take some decent pictures.  The proof will be in the negatives per sa...  LOL....  If the pictures turn out I will take the camera with me to Houston and use it to take some pics there during the graduation as well as some of the sights there.  I think that I saw something about Photoblogging over on Blogger.com.  Gosh, imagine that, driveling through pics....  LOL...  The fun thing about using the Canon AE1 is that there is nothing automatic about it.  With the advent of the technology age we live in everything is digital and automatic.  Just point and click and the electronics does all of the work for you.  Not so with the Canon AE1.  You have to know HOW to use the different settings and I am embarrased to say that I have fallen victim to the technical simplicity of things and I have forgotten almost everything I ever learned about photography using this type of camera.  With that said, it took me several moments to figure out HOW to open the back of the camera to load film.  Just today I figured out how to remove the 50mm lens but it took me much longer to figure out HOW to put the silly thing back on.    Once I know that I know that the camera is still fully functional and I can figure out all of the different settings then I will begin the search for some CHEAP accessories for this camera.  I will be needing a auto winder, zoom lenses and a flash unit and camera bag.   I will be keeping my eyeballs peeled (ouch) over at Goodwill to snag any more good camera deals that come along in the near future.