So anyway My trial at the Local walkabout has finished. I have done many jobs so far: Bar Tender, Doorman, chef, Cleaner and glassy. I think that management a fairly happy with my work. I am quite happy in this job right now!  The staff are all awesome, I have been accepted straight away by all of them with no exceptions, its great! There is quite a family atmosphere here and this is quite amazin for the size of the staff list. There are at the moment about twenty five staff that will be working at any one time the bar is quite large, there is a fourstand bar down bellow and a three stand up top. So it is a medium sized bar. Or small if you consider the size of the Ministry of sound club in London which holds about 7000 people on any one night. Ours probably holds about 900-1000.  I was working in the kitchen yesterday, and the sink got blocked, so I had to go in to the Grease trap room, disassemble the lid of the grease trap, and clean out the rotting food and whatknot - lucky I had a mucusy nose at the time, because apparently it smells very foul indeed. The other chief that was there dry reached when he came near the grease trap room, just to give you some idea.  I am cycling about 50-60kms a day to keep up my fitness, and to get to work. The train to work takes only about 8 mins and costs about £2.40 but that can be up to £8 per day, which can get expensive in the end, and a bit excessive considering I can bike the distance easily.  Te night before last was FANTASTIC! as at this stage I have learned the till system, and most of the little quirks of the bar. I worked hard and fast, and also made about £5 in tips, which is pretty good for a first night I hear. (it was my third night, second night on the bar)  I will probably be staying in the UK a little while longer now, I want to give myself the chance to pay off a few debts in pounds.  Chell is good, she isn't staying in the same area as me at the moment, as she has a teaching job out the other side of London, but She is on good money and is reasonably happy with her current job.