Ah... the time is almost here. Day one of 175 geared towards attempting to give a bunch of 8 year olds a better stock in life, guided by rhetoric over realism, inspiration over facts, and determination and will over everything else.  I'll tell you - it's really hard. I don't feel a need to get all preachy here, because I definitely could, but what good would that do? Here's the thing, though. People talk about the differences between public schools and private schools, right? Private schools are obviously well-resourced, and have teachers slightly more dedicated because of larger pay scales. OK, those are the basic facts that would seem to distinguish a private school education from a public school education in terms of base quality.  However, here's something I was thinking in the shower this morning. I can certainly do a lot in terms of a classroom teacher this year - but, there's only SO much I can do. See, the kids have to WANT to be there, and need a framework for learning and understanding and paying attention. Because you probably have more affluent (thus, more free time) parents in private schools, the children have a greater framework for all those factors. I can make students WANT to be at school, and love being there... but I only have them for so many hours in a given day. During the other hours, they might be speaking Spanish, watching television, being unsupervised, or any number of other things. I think I need a more substantial parental involvement plan this year.  My points seemed more salient when I first crafted them, but I think everything seems more salient in the shower, if you really think about it.  With regard to James McGreevey, is the bad thing that he's a gay leader, that he lied about being a gay leader, or that he led his wife into a web of lies? I'm not sure exactly where the blame falls.  With regard to USA Basketball, was this team really such a good idea?  With regard to the MLB season, did anyone see this coming with the Cardinals? Jason Marquis? Woody Williams? And how did they get Larry Walker?  Last year before the first day, I was nervous, yet also excited and jazzed full of idealism. This year before the first day, I'm pacing myself for a marathon, and trying to keep things as simple and directive as possible. I wonder if that's a sign of maturity, or apathy.