So...what IS the live you intended, and what is the life you're living?       I've always been indecisive. I remember when I was young, drawing pictures of me in a tu-tu and ballet slippers. I was going to be a ballet teacher. I don't know why....maybe it was just because I thought the costume was pretty.    My parents would take me every year to see The Nutcracker Ballet. I remember watching, and thinking...I belong up there. I took tap and ballet...excelling at both, and at some point decided it wasn't for me.       The story of my life. It's not for me.       This was the general theme of my life. My parents (God love them for being so patient) always let me try anything I wanted. There were no limits, no rules...except for one. Once I started, I had to finish out the year.    So, I did...I played softball and tennis, took ballet, piano, and theater. I think I even did Girl Scouts at some point.    But, nothing ever "clicked" with me.       Don't get me wrong...I've excelled at just about everything I've ever done. I wasn't ever flat out bad at anything. And, maybe that's all I wanted to know. That I  could  do it.       So, as I got older, that same idea floated with me throughout high school.    I had "friends" most of who turned on me two weeks before our graduation. Something else that always happened to me.....abandonment. And, I think that probably had a lot to do with why I never finish what I start...it's in my blood.       And, when I found my passion during my sophomore year of high school...I let it pass me by. Just like everything else.    I remember filling out my schedule for the next year, and finding Newspaper as one of my choices. It took me in. The thought of writing and gaining attention for my opinions was like what a poor girl thinks while staring in a Nieman Marcus window. (trust me, I know  both  feelings)   I remember the first few weeks of the semester, I had to spend learning the basics. Headlines, bylines, paragraphing, fonts...it was SO boring. And, then one morning, she asked the $10,000 dollar question.   Who wants to write an opinion piece for the paper?     I couldn't believe it! And when I turned around and saw that noone else in that class was interested, my hand shot up. Of course, the topic wasn't fun...it was about the new cameras they'd installed all over campus....but I still gave it my best and was thrilled to see my name right there on page 7! (Of COURSE I didn't expect the front page!)      I spent the next two years on the Pioneer Press staff. I loved every minute of it. My pieces were praised and critisized. I had one that caused so much trouble that it was banned. And, I had more investigative adventures a kid could want.    I was going to write my way right into a career with the most prestigious newspapers in the country. I'd be a world reknown journalist. People would write me hate mail, and I'd live among the greatest talents in news our world has ever known. Tom Brokaw was my hero!      So...I quit?       I abandoned my college education, and settled for a life of just getting by. I moved into an apartment with a friend, and spent my days working as a hostess for Red Lobster, and partying with people who didn't give a flying fuck about me unless I wanted to have a drink.       I don't remember at what point it all dawned on me that I was screwing up. But, it did, and I moved back home. The Prodigal Daughter stage is how I like to refer to it now. Thankfully my parents welcomed me back with open arms, and decided to let me work my life out on my own.       And, it was shortly after that that I hit reality as an adult.       I met Jonathan is March of 99'. He was adorable, and so was I...and dammit, we were in love. In April, we got engaged, and then...in June...I was pregnant. Good-bye life. Hello parenthood.    Of course, Jonathan stuck by me through it all. He married me and made a semi-honest women out of me. And, through him, I learned that sometimes you just have to grow up. Sometimes, the things we want have to be put aside because there are bigger fish to fry. And so, I became Gini-mom and wife, instead of Gini-the brilliant journalist.       The last five years have quickly passed me by as I've sat and felt bad for myself. My son has grown and my marriage has somehow flourished. It took a long time to discover who I am and what I want to do. Baby steps...that's all I can say.       I'm now writing a successful political blog...a rediscovered passion!   I'm in the midst of planning a political website that will be full of my writings and my opinions. And, hopefully, before too long, I'll be where I want to be. But, in order to be happy later....I'm going to have to work to be happy now.       And, I am. I've pissed away so many opportunities in my life. And, here I am...still reaping benefits AND punishments for those choices. But, I cannot abandon my life now. Because I never want to look back upon this moment and feel sorrow or regret.