Holy Cow! It's been a pretty long time since i've wrote in here. Um wow, lets catch up on things. This past weekend...hmmm... saturday janelle was at a cheerleader carwash until 2 i think, then she had to go to a bday party for her great-grandma. I was on my way to circuit city around 7:00 and janelle called, so i went and picked her up and we went to circuit city so i could get a new phone and then we went to dairy queen and saw kelly/serah/bethany. I took her home around 9. Sunday was f'in awesome! Her fam picked me up around 9 am, and we went to Knoebles Grove ALL DAY! It was so fun and awesome. They have alot of awesome rides and if it had more roller coasters it could majorly compete with hershey. I got home around 12 or 1 in the morning so i decided not to go to football on monday. Me and janelle didnt see each other monday, but we hung out tuesday. I went to her house from like 1-5:30 (she had cheerleading practice so i had to leave early), Wed. I didnt go to football again because i was up at nathans eating wings until around 12:45 and then we got a firecall around 1, after the call i was at the firehouse with my dad and another guy talking until like 2:30 so i was to tired to go to football, so i woke up and around 10 i got janelle and she came with me to circuit city/ verizon wireless/ gander mountain/ super petz. I got a new xbox at circuit city, i got a new phone at verizon, at super petz i got some supplies so all my pets can eat when im away on my vacation, and gander mountain I got nothing. We got to my house around 12, and we hung out in my room until like 5:45. We watched donnie darko and some of freddy vs. jason, and some tv and other random things that i forget, that day was definitly very very good. Thursday is today and i didnt see janelle today but i had fun. Ummm i cant even remember what i did today. Oh yea, i got up talked to janelle for a while, ate lunch, cut the grass, talked to janelle, went on a firecall, talked to janelle, went to wendys, went to the firehouse meeting, came home and played some madden and talked to janelle. Tomorrow morning im definitly going to football because i miss it and its gonna be fun (angle ball). After football is over rutter is taking my to janelles house and i get to chill there all day, its gonna be awesome. Swim/chill and other crazy stuff. Saturday Im leaving for the beach!!!! Im taking brett to wildwood, NJ. Its gonna be awesome, were getting out own room and im video taping and everything, were right next to the beach and a block away from the boardwalk. Im going there until wed. or thurs. Im not really sure, but it will be awesome. Well im gonna go and make some cds for janelle and for my trip. I may update tomorrow night. PEACE!!!