I know what my problem is! It's not like I'm in denial! I have long since accepted the fact that  I am too romantic  for my own good.  Troubling, and yet those closest to me have always said, "You're smart too, so that should shield you somewhat!"     It's not good to be in love with love at my age.  It hurts more, or maybe I'm lamenting my own foolish wound--again!  Let me make an appeal to my vague and silent audience here; I'm sorry if my posts are a bit melodramatic, un-novel. Really, I am an interesting person, yet I tend to forget that there are a plethora of individuals, who I'm sure have and are, experiencing the same loss of connection with the other gender/or the same gender,depending on preference, of course.    You see, I see what my problem is, but I am unable to move away from it.  I have tried NOT to be romantic, but it always gets jumbled.  Let me be more specific here: reading Pablo Neruda... The last line of "Everyday you play with the universe: I want to do with you what spring does with the cherry trees."  That line just moves me!  I could read the poem again and again, and it hits me!  WOW!    I remember in graduate school friends talking about what it would have been like to have made love to Keats, or Yeats.  I had to laugh because, in my head, I was thinking I'd always be second fiddle to Fanny Brawne, and Maud Gonne.  But Neruda, or Marlowe, or Shakespeare--Oh, incredible indeed!  "Come with me and be my love..."  Or, "Love's fire heats water, Water cools not Love," would be something I certainly would want to explore!   And it's not just the poetry.  It's my way of seeing things.  I love rain.  I love to go out in it, getting soaked, feeling and understanding what's around me. Or Taking a ride in the Jemez mountains, seeing the bright red earth amid the green of juniper against a perwinkinle sky, just makes me love.  It makes me feel in love, and want to love and be loved!  Or twilight around here; I can look up at a vivid sky, in this deep, deep blue, seeing one big star, and it speaks to me.  Pathetic romantic indeed!  And to waste a southwestern sunset on K!  Like he could understand that there never will be another one exactly, exactly, the same! He is a want-to-be romantic, and when a want-to-be, you tend to be pretentious, if not, artificial.    So much for imitations... Just now, I remember a conversation with the beautiful and brilliant EB.  We were walking around somewhere, probably to class, and out of the blue he said, "My problem, is that I'm too much of a romantic..."  When he said that, I looked at him,  REALLY LOOKED AT HIM, .  Again, it occurred to me that he could have been in my bedroom listening to me speak at night. I couldn't really define this uncanny substance of Plato's otherness between us, so I smiled and said, "It's a curse, isn't it?"  And then I looked up at the sky so I didn't have to look into his eyes and he said, "It's a beautiful sky, isn't it, " and I said, "Yes."   What can I say?  The man seemed to speak the language of my soul!  I suppose it is not good to remember so much about him; I need to give my next lover his own throne room of romantic intonations.  I have to put EB back in the museum...    Back to work, Jumbled Chaos