Now, people who know me know that I usually complain, but here on this blog, no one does. So, I will introduce another side of myself. I just found out that Caroline or Change and Frozen are closing due to costs, most of which are coming from Republicans who receive free tickets when they are here in the city, (NYC that is). Can they not afford their own? Can Bush or Arnold not splurge a little and let the moths out of their wallets? That is the last straw as far as I am concerned. They can run around playing with the Constitution all they want, they can probe people up whatever. That has been going on for over 200 years. But when Broadway shows, which should stay open, (especially Caroline), are closed due to poor ticket sales only furthered by free tickets...well..that's it! Another complaint I have is of the cards we buy in the store. I went to get one for my mom, (her birthday was yesterday), and I came across such horrible ones and quickly walked out. Why do we have to press the age issue so much? Can we not think of anything else to say anymore? Here's one last complaint before I leave..I was watching old episodes of Mr. Rogers. Even though, the man put all children of Gen X in a fantasy world because things of concern such as bringing a truck to school and the teacher not taking said truck away from the student does not happen in the "real world," It was good to watch because it taught patience and respect as does Sesame Street. I then turned on to compare this to Barney and Friends, (granted ten years in the making but still relevant to these times). I really didn't like this show when taking an objective look at it. The songs sound like so many others and the children are too rehearsed. In this case, I'm going against the grain, I'd rather be green, it's not that hard Kermit. Wait, I thought of one other thing, (see how much I complain?), I was watching CNN which took a look at all the drugs and you know what? We are all turning into kids with toys or things in cereal boxes. The "I want that" mentally is kind of bad and we have to stop this. Forget all of those ads that were put into circulation in 1997! Come on people! Turn off that TV! Or don't listen! There are many ads telling us we are sick, but that's just because more than half of all Americans are over 50, blame the baby boomers! Some people need meds, (me), but some don't and YES we all have to watch the doctors, but we won't dance like those actors do in the ads. Listen to the side effects as they are dancing. Oh wait! Low Carb sucks, (follow the pyramid of foods), I didn't jump on that train and lost 13 lbs. so far. I'm not a horse and it took me a bit longer, but I did it. AND...put The Boy From Oz on DVD. MORE MONEY FOR EVERYONE! Now, I will go, I am seeing Peter, Paul and Mary tonight and LOVE them. An influence from my hippie mom.