Hey mates...its been long since I last came in here. How's it going? Sorry Jake I was studying the whole day today. Geez... I just realised something on Saturday, actually when I was "high". Man... its been like ages since I last did something like that. It was only one mug, then twiced, darn... it was bad. At the Village, I looked up, star gazing brought about some thoughts. True in fact, but hard to believe. I realise I'm better off being a lone ranger. Why? Lol... simple reason, its like, everything ya do, some people do approve, some don't. But am I here to meet their demands? Am I here to satisfy them all? Why do I have to worry what others would think of me, even when I am doing the right thing. I just looked at the stars real hard, not to count'em, not to bore myself, but try to be like one of 'em. All alone, far away from one star to another. What would that little star feel being all alone. The right thing of it to do is shine itself, let others see that that particular star is standing out, not hidden in darkness far into the galaxy. Thats its only purpose, whether ya like it being there or not, its just there. No other stars are gonna bump into it and say "hey, ya're taking my spot". So its like, I rather be by myself, thinking for myself, helping myself. The Os ain't something whereby we all stand the same, but rather will I have better grades or the one behind. Its like, why should I drink when I am told to. Yeah, in fact thank god I drank that day, for I thought so deep, deep that I could still think. Tab.. my best friend, online all day but not a single greeting at all. Jake in Poly, barely have time to be well organised for an outing, Alv, having someone close to him, I gotta give that space. Its not them to be blamed, rather myself. I put myself in that position whereby I stand to feel...weird after. Its been the DX- generation that turned me lost, but I found myself, Aims made me sad, but I found myself. Now them... am I to be lost again just because I can't find my best friends at times? Geez... I stand back now, far back. But yet yesterday and today I took one step forward in helping a friend, to help him do well in his prelim, so we sat, while others were partying, we sat there, studying and pushing from one subject to another. Realising, I rather be seated, than with others. A lone ranger stands out, but gains to lose alot, be discriminated, insulted, ignored. But still stand out, not for others but himself. Should I be one of that? Who are my real friends... or rather what are they..    Today I stand to realise why we should be like plants in forest, always fighting to be taller than the other, why? Only to survive longer. The only person that stays within ya, is yaself. And it took my a mug and a star to see this. Every minute, every second counts. Be it getting a better life, getting a supporter, getting what ya want, just like a race, first to the line wins, be it a split second behind, ya still lose. But losing in a winning way its what we have to see.To see whats the next step to take, not to sit and wait. But yet there's always someone to "light my fire",always someone to help ya. No reason to look for someone, try ya best, let them see it, and let them come, to light or relight ya fire.But till that day comes, it'd bring a smile or a word of phrase from me and to me. Guys I've done this thinking for so so long. Turning into something else could take place anytime, its just the moment of time that comes. For me, it came, yet now I am trying to push back, real back.Don't help me though, I have to do it on my own, do not be disturb by my ignorance, nor my hypothetical behaviour. Lol fancy me using that word...but I chose this way, just gotta see when this way will come to an end. Silence brings about changes to yaself, can it be broken? Will I allow it to be broken? Till then mates.. till then...