Well, I had no intentions of actually doing this, but I ended up telling Evelyn today that I won't be renewing my contract for next year.  We were talking about a student concern, and she asked me when my contract ended.  I told her, and she mentioned that she needed to speak to Human Resources about extending it through the summer, since Connie was leaving.  While it's one thing to just keep my mouth shut about leaving, it's another to outright lie about it.  So I told her that I needed to tell her something, and I explained that I was applying for grad schools in the fall, and that I wouldn't be renewing my contract.  I don't think that she was happy--by the deer-in-headlights look on her face she was anything but--but she was characteristically optimistic about it.  Then, at the staff meeting, Connie announced to the RAs that she was resigning.  Their reactions were absolutely priceless, and although Connie was surprised at the depth of their reactions, I was not.  I've told her time and time again that she makes a difference every day that she is here.  The RAs exemplified that when she broke the news to them.  At the beginning of the meeting, the RAs reapplying for next year had turned in their applications.  Several of them seriously requested their applications back before she convinced them to apply anyways.  Whether she believes it or not, Connie is going to be sorely missed by a large number of people when she leaves here.  Besides that?  Most of my day sucked.  I'm SO glad to be going on vacation soon (in less than eight hours)!  I actually had a student come into my office, and inform me that the problem that she refused to take responsibility for was entirely my fault.  I felt like crying when she left.  Sometimes, I think that my problem in this job is that I care too much.  I work so hard to try and help these students.  I bend over backwards to help them succeed and in return I get told that the problems they have are all my fault.  When you pour that much effort and concern into someone, that kind of a comment really hurts.    We also had a very ... interesting meeting with Security this morning.  I love the kinds of things that go on at this college.  Even after all of the things that I have seen, sometimes, things still shock the hell out of me.    The rest of my day?  I met with a couple of other students about some issues, and I sat through a two hour Orientation meeting.  I felt like that was a total waste of my time, because I won't even be here.  This evening, on the other hand?  I'm so excited, I can barely sit still.  I did laundry for my trip, and packed my suitcase.  It was tough to figure out what to bring, because I am essentially packing for two trips.  On one hand, I wanted to pack for New Orleans weather, and Mardi Gras fun.  On the other hand, I had to have some things for the Utica climate, and for a job interview.  It was an interesting feat, but I managed to pull it off.  Then I hopped online for a few hours, and printed out all of the info I've been collecting over the past few weeks--tours, attractions, restaurants, parade schedules.  I want to see as much as I possibly can while I'm in New Orleans.  I could not be more excited about it.    I've got to head to bed now, because I'm leaving for Baltimore bright and early tomorrow morning.  Have a great week without me--cause I'll be having a great week of my own!  :-D