Needless to say, where ever I end up going, I have an interesting thing to tell you. Well this time is no different than any other.     I brought my best friend Alisa along with my family and I to Mackinac Island in norhtern Michigan. We stayed at a hotel right on lake superior or huron, something like that.     Anyway, while we were up tehre, Alisa and I continued to say and think the same things as eachotehr. the one that sticks out the most to me was when we were in the car on the way to the UP (upper pinensula) to see this ship museum my Dad had been looking forward to.My mom had mentioned that we might be taking a ship ride through the locks. Alisa and I began talking about all the possibly things a ship could crash on. I said "a randome coral reife, a boat, another ship..." then alisa and I looked at eachother and at the exact same time we both randomely said "an air plane."  talk about odd.     We do this all the time ^ ^;;...     I don't realy remember all the things we did at the same time while we were there, but I'm sure I'll remember them sooner or later. I know I wrote them down but I think I threw that away in the trash before we left the hotel to head home.     OH! more things about our trip. We both were looking out the window and we saw a sign that said "waters" and pointed up an exit ramp. now, we had been driving out in the country for quite some time now, so alisa and I are all like "when you see something like that, you know you're in a rural area." becasue right after that sign was a restraunt sign that said simply "Restraunt." in big bold letters. No name, no other words, simply restraunt.     Then we were watching the trees and we began to say "oh look a tree!" just to mock the restraunt sign. Then I went on with, "Then you see the tree start walking on it's own... an ent!?" o0;; and alisa laughed and contiunued in my place "yeah, then there's this randome elf twirling a laso singing 'laso laso laso' then he lasoed the ent and pulled back saying 'woah there!' " and we went on.Alisa said: "then a randome elf latches onto our car window cill on the outside and shout something and points past us.I open the window 'what? I couldn't hear you!'and the elf shouted again 'look the other way!' and you're like 'why!?' and he goes 'because we're not supposed to GAHHHHHH!' and he falls off the window cill." then I went on from that "and he's laying in the road back there, gets hit by a car." Alisa: "and we here him shouting in the background and shaking his fists." who drives that fast!? AND ON A DIRT ROAD! I mean, come on!' all angry like and stuff." and then me: "so we l,ook at eachotehr and then we go iun reverse... suddenly the elf is in our car with a bandage on his forhead. hge sniffs 'thanks but who goes that fast, I mean realy!?" thus was the end of that story of ours ^ ^;;...     OH OH OH ! You'll never beleive what Alisa and I found in Mackinac Island!!!! PIG AND COW HAT! not only that but they moo and oink and their evil! their eyes glow red when they moo/oink! IT'S AWSOME!!!!!!!!    Well that's all I can remember for .... no wait. Alisa and I went swiming untill 12:00 at night on friday, just for the heck of it, though wee both ended up tired and out of bvreath afterwarxs ^ ^..... no wait that was on thursday not friday o0;;.... we walked mackinac island on saterday, and we weren't tired which means we couldn't have swam the day before because we would have been tired... or something..... ok here was our schedual:     Thursday- driving there, eating pizza dinner, swiming untill 5 and then after dinner untill 12     Friday- went and saw ship museum, the soo locks, and the mystery spot, baby sat alex, watched 'Gold Member'     Saturday- walked the eight miles of Mackinac island, baught cow and pig hats, watched A.I. (Artificial Inteligence)     Sunday- ate breakfast and headed home.   thus was our trip to Mackinac Island ^ ^ *bow bow* thank you and good night!