................................  10 things i'm "into"  ................................  1. IM - ing with my brother David - there's something about the discourse of fragmentation and commentary that delights me.  2. Lynn's style - my wife has become so daring and expressive and bold both in her personal "look" (which is hot) and in her thinking about her profession and vocation (which is deep).  3. family dance nite - we light candles and writhe -- these days to the Flaming Lips (Jaelyn has a longterm, ongoing thing for the character and song -- Yoshimi) and Rufus Wainwright (i must also allude to the eargasm that song #3 from this new album - WANT - gives me when i listen using earphones. i'm pretty sure it would have a similar effect upon anyone even slightly open to the world of suprising sensual delight).  4. emails from old friends - I need old friends.  The day to day social fabric of my life feels precarious and threadbare -- in general premised upon too many "professional" relationships.  5. boundary breaking - a few "professional relationships" -- students and peers -- who are shockingly honest and regularly kind  6. cottage cheese - i don't know why, i just love it right now.  7. phone conversations with daniel - we've been concocting more than our average share of thinking / heresy lately.  8. grey skies and a midwestern chill in the air - i'm a northern boy, what can i say?  9. impending thanksgiving - traditionally Rudd thanksgiving is our favorite holiday of the lot.  can't wait. (i'm particularly eager to see Ang & Ryan's new house -- which will be -- I'm sure -- *very* goth.)  10. hair wax - i can't believe how much difference it makes in the day to day grind.  * not neccessarily in order. except for the last one.  b/c that's a little bit tongue in cheek.  ** as for the title: my friend Greg used to regularly be "into" new things -- he's an early adopter of, i think, all important trends.  this *is*, if you're wondering, Greg, the co-founder of the Sensualist Society (of which I am the other co-founder).  and the Greg who fantasizes about taking a nap in a pile of freshly laundered clothing while flying in an airplane. But *not* the Greg who quoth _The Raven_ in a mask and cape on a public stairway in Florence, Italy.  That's another Greg who is also often "into" very interesting and exotic things.  Right now he's literally "into" Korea -- where he teaches and has astonishing adventures.  He *is* the Greg who made the mobile whirling over my desk...  ***what if i die on the plane en route to miami and this is my last blog?  aren't our lives trivial?!  aren't our joys mundane?!  peace~