My mother called today. We had a nice chat. Talked about the up coming float trip, my pseudo-job hunt, and my plans for Israel. But as we were wrapping up, she remembered to tell me, as a matter of passing information, that my Grandmother isn’t doing very well.   She’s 86, and her health is, well, she’s still alive and not in hooked to any machines. But her body is slowly failing, and her mind has deteriorated, particularly over the course of the passed 3 years. When I saw her last autumn, she had trouble recognizing me. After a few seconds of mental work, she recognized me as “Grandson”, which was really okay with me. My mother has told me of numerous occasions how she has been meet by my grandmother with an unrecognizing blank stare. Last week apparently, Mom took Grandmother to have her spectacles adjusted. As they were riding in the car, Grandmother said, “Funny, my daughter spoke of doing this same thing”. When my mom asked, “Well, who do you think I am?” all my grandmother could do was giggle in embarrassment.   So  urlLink Hospice  is helping Mom care for Grandmother now. This is in addition of course to the very nice assisted living facility Grandmother has been in for nearly three years. Basically, Hospice provides support during the last few steps of the journey from the cradle to the grave. If there is a medical emergency, 911 isn’t called, there is no resuscitation. A shot of morphine or a tranquilizer to keep her comfortable is the most they do.   It’s weird, and very sad to be thinking about all of this. I’m not particularly close to Grandmother, but she’s Grandmother. She’s been the nebulous, comforting, stable force all of my life. She made Halloween costume for  urlLink Rebekah  and I when we were kids on her visits from Florida. She baked cookies and went with us to the Zoo. Of all the shit that happened in my family, of all the words said in anger and disrespect, she was never part of it. Only once, during fight between my parents, did I hear my father speak ill of Grandmother. She was, is, just above it all. There is only one thing left for her to do, but she will do it on her own time, as she has done so many other things in her life.