Yes, it's true. Shopping is exhausting. I can hear you all cackling about that right now, but seriously, it is! Perhaps walking around in muggy 31 degree celsius weather didn't help.  Amy and Steve came up for the  urlLink Van Halen  concert Saturday night. No success getting rid of the two extra tickets, but after having talked to  urlLink Lisa  this happened to a friend of hers as well, so they're not alone.  I wish they'd stayed at my place instead of spending $169 on a hotel room though!  But you can't turn back time. I guess the bargains we found more than made up for that expenditure (hmm that's not faulty logic is it..spend more money to make up for spending too much money in the first place..why are we wired this way??).  urlLink H&M  at Fairview was something of a disappointment in terms of the sizing issue. A 32 inch belt couldn't even get around my waist. How depressing. We couldn't find anything larger than a size 8 in there for a lot of great items but that could be because they sold out of them. Was tempted to get a pretty summer halter dress for $9.90 but held back (how many dresses does one really need? I got that $19 prom dress at the  urlLink Sears Outlet  just last week). Amy got a bundle of hair ties for $2 and I got a cheap ass polyester belt, but Steve was the big shopper at this mall. He got a couple of shirts on his way to and from the BATHROOM!  At least I got my sister's birthday present out of the way. I got her a combination skin face system for $89 at  urlLink H20+ . Steve scored on some majorly discounted bath and body gift sets there for under $20 a piece, pleasing the saleswoman (haven't we bought enough?? Even if the other stuff is discounted by 30%??).  The sweetest plum was probably the  urlLink Roots  outlet on Orfus Road. I got a velour skirt for $4.99, a waffle weave boys top for my boss's son for $9 (I estimate his age at four although I can't be positive), a sun hat for $2.99, and a t-shirt for $9 for his two year old daughter.  Check out the weird ass "Whirlyball" arena on the strip of outlet stores though:     Whirlyball. It's the sport of the future!!  Amy scoped out some great things at the Stitches outlet believe it or not. $5 summer sweaters, $10  urlLink Maple Leafs  t-shirt. An incredible amount of neon  urlLink mesh  and "I'm a Hooker named Laverne" wear was spotted here. Does one * really * require a MESH cape slash poncho? You can't argue the warmth factor. You can't argue the style factor. Explain that one to me.  The Le Chateau outlet also had some wicked deals. Dress tops for $2.99, shoes for $15..on top of that there was a 25% discount off everything in the store. We managed to catch the last eight minutes of the sale. I kind of felt like my head was going to explode trying to find something without going overboard. I ended up settling on a $4 top. The frenzy-type music they played really got people worked up and scrambling to get in line before the discount stopped.  On top of all this we got two dozen doughnuts from one of the flagship  urlLink Krispy Kreme 's by my house. Thinking this would not suffice to make us morbidly obese on refined sugars (because you know, type two diabetes is good or something) we proceeded to have an early dinner at the Lone Star. I think I've been to Lone Stars a total of 300 times with Amy and Steve, and we never seem to tire of it. At the last minute they decided to get me some brownie/ice cream cake, which we proceeded to devour against our better judgement. Belt buckles were undone to accommodate.     After dodging lightning we made it back. It didn't feel like goodbye.  All full size pictures are  urlLink here