LOSE WEIGHT.  TAKE A NAP.  I worked out today.  I don't recommend it.  It takes too much effort.  I'd rather eat fried chicken than run on a dumb treadmill.  I haven't worked out in quite a while.  My apartment complex has a workout room so I thought I'd give it a try.  I threw up.  Working out is pretty dumb.  There's gotta be an easier way to get in shape.  Just a sec, i'll check....  ...Yep.  Here ya go...I love the Internet.  urlLink The 30 Easiest Ways to Burn More Calories    Here are a few of my favorites:  3. Do something inspiring. A cheap incentive is sticking a picture of a dress you'd really love to wear where it will motivate you. For those with a wild side, get your belly button pierced.   5. Sleep for weight loss. Getting enough sleep does more than keep you from eating for energy. The University of Chicago recently found that metabolism rises 40% when you get enough sleep.   10. Snack right. A hard candy is only about 20 calories and can last up to twenty minutes. A 400-calorie ice cream cone never lasts more than ten minutes. Try these tasty treats that are less than 150 calories: two Oreo cookies, a McDonald's Ice Cream Cone, a half cup of Italian Ice, a Starbucks Frappuccino Ice Cream Bar, Jell-o with whipped cream, angel food cake with strawberries, a Fudgsicle.  11. Listen to feel-good music when you have the urge to binge. Researchers have found that it activates the same feel-good center of the brain that eating your favorite foods does.   15. Get out. Try to spend twenty minutes a day sitting outside or taking a walk or, at the very least, sit by a sunny window. Sunlight helps to control food cravings.   17. Get minty fresh. Brush your teeth and tongue with the best-tasting toothpaste you can find. Use mouthwash and breath mints to trick your taste buds.   21. Take the stairs instead of the elevator.   22. Dance in your car. While you're stuck in traffic, work your abs. Concentrate on your rib cage -- pretend you're an exotic dancer and swirl around. Not only will you see your waist whittle and your abs harden, you'll release lower back tension.   24. Work your butt. When you're in the car or standing in line, contract your buttocks for fifteen second intervals. Tighten your muscles as you breathe in and then breathe out and release. It not only firms your butt, but relieves stress.   25. Act goofy. Even if you're too busy for the gym, you can still do cardio. Put on a pair of socks and slide around the house like a skater. You'll burn 150 calories in just ten minutes.   27. Take two steps at a time when you climb stairs. Skipping a step will force your leg and buttocks muscles to extend and work harder. Plus, this movement releases endorphins that will make you feel great!   Who knew that snacking, sleeping, brushing your teeth, a being dumb helps you loose weight.  Incredible.     And  urlLink this ?  This is just funny.    Tigers Somehow 0-8 Before Season Even Starts  Through a bizzare set of circumstances, the Detroit Tigers have somehow managed to reach Opening Day with a losing record, even though no games have been played. The 0-8 Tigers begin the 2003 season 8 games out of first place, trailing the Royals, Twins, White Sox, and Indians, who all share 0-0 records.  "I have no idea how this happened," said new manager Alan Trammell, who is taking over a team that finished 55-106 last season. "I thought it would take at least a week for us to lose 8 games."  Theories suggest that this year's Tigers are so horrible that even the laws of science couldn't hide their ineptitude.  "Usually, a team can't lose games that haven't been played," said Michigan State University physicist Dr. Liam Johannson. "But I believe that somehow, the Tigers' total lack of baseball skill has managed to create what I call a 'Vortex of Sh*ttiness' in the time-space continuum, and they're drawing these losses from a pocket dimension. It's also possible that some of last year's losses carried over into this season via a subspace wormhole. But while we continue our pursuit of the answers, one fact remains undeniable -- their on-field bungling somehow transcends physics, mathematics, and the rest of the known universe."  Some believe the reality-defying losses are the results of front office mismanagement, an accusation that team officials deny.  "I'm utterly shocked at these accusations," said team president/excessive drooler Dave Dombrowski. "We made some great moves last year, getting rid of talentless hacks like Mark Redman, Jeff Weaver, and Juan Acevedo, and bringing in...well, nobody in particular...but still, addition by subtraction, right?  "And we've brought up some good youngsters," added Dombrowski. "There are some great kids on the roster, like...whats-his-name...and...the other one. Did I mention that we have a nice, fairly-new stadium?"  Regardless of the reasons behind the team's 0-8 pre-start, Dombrowski has vowed to take up the issue with MLB. "Okay, maybe we're not a top contender this year, but still, can't they somehow fix this? I mean, there's no way we're as bad as the Devil Rays."   When reminded that the Tigers and Devil Rays finished with identical records last season, and that the Devil Rays have taken several steps to improve their ballclub this year, Dombrowski produced a revolver and proceeded to shoot himself in the foot.   However, despite Dombrowski's protests, the commissioner's office stated there will be no investigation. "I'm sorry, but those losses are on the record," said commissioner/made man Bud Selig. "This is an unfortunate occurrence, to be sure. If this happened to the Yankees, or the Phillies, or even the Marlins, we would take the necessary steps to correct the problem. But come on, it's the friggin' Tigers. No one really gives a rat's *ss about them anyway, so let's just move on."  Tigers fans were busy looking forward to the 2007 season and were unavailable for comment.