Just rolled back into town, an unexpected early return for a majority of the members of the Detroit Boat Club Crew. No party, not even close. No medals, even further out. A trip that was supposed to last seven days, cut down to three. Here is how it went down.  Monday morning, a beautiful day. We set out to the boat club to load up and ship out, on our way to the Royal Canadian Henley Regatta. A new food trailer, we leave the club (and the cadets that swarm around us) with style. On the first leg of our trip I fall asleep. Once we reach the border though I am wide awake and have my papers ready. Once crossing in to the barron land that we know as Canada, my teammates and I stop for a bathroom break, and for those that needed to, a chance to exchange their currency. Back into the car, four hours to St. Catherines. The whole way up I have to listen to the most boring conversations about History. I don't care about war and all the different weapons, and "Hey, who do you think is gonna make a come back, China or Russia" I don't care! Another break, this strech of highway has become uncomfortably farmiliar from all the trips up to St. Kits. I hate this rest stop, we always go there, it's the only thing on the highway up there in Canada for miles. The place has a Wendy's (Spelt in Canada W-e-n-d-y-*-* maple leaf for an apostrophe *-*-s). I mean what the fuck, everywhere in Canada they throw in the maple leaf on their signs. Do we put the American Flag all over our crap? Back in the car.  Finally we reach our destination, We unpack our stuff, and put up our camp site. My tentmates (As Alexi would call them) were Jon Mon, Snella (Pronounced Sch-nell-a by Dr. Bell), and John Silva (Yuck!). We were the first to successfully put together our tent. Now this area we are on is mostly dirt so we decide to make a patio out of rocks that were once a road going through the area so if it rains we have somewhere to sit. What does everyone else do with it . . . They put the coolers on it, fuckers. We go out and practice (Which sucks because we never practice this boat so it is a piece of shit) then we come back and go out to eat. I don't remember the name of the restaurant, just that they had a mean chicken caesar, and garlic bread to die for. I was a real pig that night. I had Snella's side salad (Because he didn't like the dressing), six pieces of garlic bread, and one huge chicken caesar salad, I was stuffed. We came back to camp, and hit the hay (After assembling Dr. Bell's tent first!).  The next morning we awoke to quite a storm, and because we hadn't properly put on the rain fly our tent was a bit wet by the doors. My sleeping bag, along with Snella's, was completely soaked. We hung them up on some other team's trailer to dry (They didn't seem to care much when they came back to see that). I listened to Howard most of the morning, he had on Pamela Anderson (Pamaler Anderson as stuttering John would say). We learned that Pamela has had sex with women, has never had a threesome, has at one point wanted Howard Stern, and has had sex with Kid Rock at some point in the past three months. All day, fucking Tim Cragg was eating like crazy. TIM WE ONLY HAVE A LIMITED SUPPLY OF FOOD YOU FUCKER. God I hate that kid. I felt like bathing. I think I read in a magazine once that taking a mud bath removes dead skin and replenishes nutrients in your skin . . . so that is exactly what I did, I put some mud on. I was completely covered and Dr. Bell was speechless. I took a dive in the lake and proceeded to bathe. Alexi showed up. Nobody wants to talk to you Alexi why are you here! He seemed really interested in seeing Pete's new Rolex! Jon Mon started to cover our walls with pictures from  Maxim,  I decided to help and found one hot piece of ass. Kelly Carlson, the girl is absolutely beautiful. She is in  Nip Tuck , but there she has short hair, she needs to keep the hair long it looks better that way. After that we went out to practice again, we still rowed like crap. We came back and I watched some  Big Brother , I was able to get it on my little tv from Buffalo channel 4. After that we made dinner, some had salad, some had sandwiches, I chose to have spaghetti. FUCKING CRAGG TOOK AN OVERFLOWING PLATE FULL OF SPAGHETTI. WHAT THE FUCK, YOU HAVE BEEN EATING ALL DAY YOU NEED MORE FUCKING FOOD THAN ANYONE ELSE! FUCKER! Following that we all went to bed.  Wednesday, both my races were today. The first thing I did that day was look at yesterday's paper, and what do you know I was in it. Me and little Heide off to the side in a shot of the camp sites in a picture in the St. Catherines-Niagara Standard. Anyway, on to the races. First came the four . . . what can I say, the boat fucking sucks, DFL. Then the eight, something we should have practiced at least once this summer. It was a very tight race coming down the line. The junior eight semi-final, would we move on to the next round the final round. A great start. Down the line neck and neck with St. Kits #2 the whole way their cox at our bow, their cox at our cox. Here comes the finish. St. Kits #2 goes on to the final by a nose. Good Race guys. I truly mean that. Both teams went their hardest and I love those close races. Unfortunately we lost. Now we probably wouldn't had left so early if the Cullens hadn't been there, but they ended up taking all of the people who didn't qualify back home. I packed my stuff up. Went to get a shirt and pin with Jon Mon. Got a bite to eat. Turned in my twenty three entries for some drawing. And packed into the Honda.  Like before I slept the first leg. We stopped for gas and I woke up. I listened to my Howard Stern and several other CD's and we eventually stopped in London for dinner. It was a pretty nice ribs place and I has some good conversation with Snella, little Heide, and Johnny(Of all people!). We were in there for almost two hours but they had some alright stuff on the tube. Back into the car we went as we headed for the Border. So much for strong Homeland Security. The guy I don't think even looked at us, he was reading a magazine and I think in five seconds we got through.  We finally arrived home, and here I am now. Typing about the trip. Although it ended earlier than most of us would have liked, I still enjoyed it. Thank you for the Cullens for cutting your New York vacation to take us home, and good luck to all the rowers from the club still at camp, see you when you get home.