Ok, I think it is finally official.  I fell off the deep end today never to return.  I finally understand why I keep having to toss the neighborhood cats out of the house when I open a window or a door.  I understand now why they keep scratching at the door, meowing endlessly and hanging around at all hours of the day and night.  The cats are hungry and they have decided that we are running a "kibbles & bits" kitchen for the neighborhood.  If the word gets out that I did this we will be in deep trouble.  I will have cats of all sizes, shapes and colors all the time.  You might have to call me Mr. Meow...  No, not the "cats meow" but MR Meow....  How about.....  Yes, I finally fell off the deep end.  I noticed today that every time I moved and looked around our house several felines kept moving away from me.  It was almost as if a magnet were sweeping small metal shavings around on the floor.  I move three feet forward they move three feet back.  I move 10 feet away from the food bowl they follow me as far as the food bowl.  I thought it was an interesting experiment so I picked up the food bowl to see if they would follow me.  No such luck.  I was hoping I could put the food bowl on roller skates and tie it to the back of my car and have them all follow me down the street.  I could not get that lucky now could I???    So, yes, after gazing into their starving little eyes I selected an old plastic cup and scooped out some food and put it on the back porch for the varmints to consume.  EVERY fiber in my being was telling me to NOT do that but I did it anyway.  Its almost as if there is a "Little BO Peep" person living in me that wants to come out and love all the animals.  Did you see the movie with Eddie Murphy where he was Dr. Doolittle and he could understand what all the animals were saying and speak with them?  You got it, I am married to one and the same. No, not Eddie Murphy but Dr. Doolittle nonetheless.  I think that she has secretly been brain washing me over the last 14 years because if not I would have never committed this act of lunacy.    I had the insane urge to give them a bowl of water too. Oh my gosh....  NO WAY.... The next thing you know I will be going down to Bi Lo to buy the cute little felines their own individual pint of milk with matching plastic bowls and bibs.  NOT and ABSOLUTELY NOT...  They can find liquid somewhere else.  I am NOT going to do it.  NO, I am not going to do it. I REFUSE.....  Maybe I have missed my calling.  I know that Katy has missed her calling with the way that she loves animals.  We both need to open up our very own street rescue mission for animals. It is a good thing that we have not done that so far.  We would run the SPCA out of business.    Gosh, now that I have that out of the way I feel better. It is a beautiful day today and I get to go to work in another 25 minutes.  Wahoooo.  We owe we owe off to work I go is my song that I sing as I pull out of the drive way each day.  I need to find a better, newer more snazzier tune I think.  After singing that one for about 20 times you get tired of it.  I want to sing something along the lines of  Hi ho, hi ho we won the lottery today!!  I guess you have to play the lottery to win it huh?  Are you REALLY still reading this?  hahahahahahaha