TO SPELL YOU MUST: 1. Recognize letters and sounds. 2. Remember the correct sequence of letters and spell the word in your mind. 3. Recall the sequence.   MEMORY 1. We remember what we want to remember. 2. We tend to remember the most recently learned material. 3. Practice is essential for memory. 4. The easiest material to remember is that which we have discovered ourselves.   BUT HOW? 1. Make the spelling words relevant. Learn spelling within a context. (Write letters where spelling is important.)   2. Try to write a whole passage first, then edit. Don't struggle over each word as it comes up.   3. If the spelling of a word is asked for, give it, and circle it so that you can go back to it later in discussion. Don't interrupt the flow of meaning.   4. Don't ask your learner to copy words or passages unless you have explained the reason why. Do you know why? If they are rehearsing it as they copy it, it will make more sense.   5. Put a relevant spelling word on a card. Rehearse it. Turn the card over. Practice it.   6. Trace over a spelling word with your finger or pencil. This reinforces the visual memory task involved in spelling.   7. Break words into syllables. Long words tend to be threatening.   8. Mnemonics - a trick to remember a hard spelling word. (In February we say brr.)   9. Fill in gaps and have the learner learn each letter in a word. (--bruary, ---ruary, ----uary, etc.)   10. Play crossword and Scrabble games.   11. Don't begin by talking about consonants and vowels. Slowly introduce these concepts if you feel it is necessary.   12. After writing a story, tick all the words the learner feels sure he has spelled correctly. See if you can get the learner to identify the parts of the words he is not sure of.   13. Pay attention to the kinds of mistakes the learner makes.   SPELLING RULES 1. When a word has only one vowel between two consonants, the vowel usually says its short sound.   eg. rat, him   2. A silent e on the end of a word makes the vowel before it long. eg. not - short o becomes - note - long   3. Usually when two vowels come together, the first is long and the second is silent.   eg. rain - long a and silent i   4. When c comes before a, o or u it usually says its hard sound. The hard sound of c sounds like k. eg. cat, cot, cup When c comes before e, i or y it usually says its soft sound. The soft sound of c sounds like s.   eg. cent, city, dice   5. When g comes before a, o or u it usually says its hard sound.   eg. gate, gold, gum When g comes before e, i or y it usually says its soft sound.   eg. gem, giant, gym   6. Forming plurals:   A) Add s to most words.   eg. bird + s = birds   B) Add es if the word ends in sh, ch, ss, s, x or z.   eg. dish + es = dishes   C) If a word ends in a consonant followed by y, change y to i and add es.   eg. baby + i + es = babies   D) A number of nouns ending in long o add es for the plural. Learn this entire list.   buffaloes, embargoes, tomatoes, calicoes , heroes , torpedoes , cargoes,, mosquitoes , vetoes , desperadoes ,mottoes , viragoes , dominoes, Negroes, volcanoes, echoes , potatoes.   *NOTE: The following forms are also acceptable; mottos, Negros, torpedos and vetos. A few nouns ending in long o, add only an s. Remember them by groups.   Music - altos, sopranos, contraltos, pianos and solos.   Circular Appearance - dynamos, cameos and silos.   E) Compound nouns add s or es to only the principal word to form the plural.   eg. In the in-law series, the principal word is son, brother etc. brothers-in-law   F) Certain nouns ending in f or fe form the plural by changing f to v and adding s or es.   i) nouns changing final f or fe to v and adding s or es for plural:   Common Nouns   calf calves; elf elves;,knife knives; leaf leaves;life lives; loaf loaves;thief thieves;wife wives;wolf wolves   ii) Nouns ending in f and adding only s for plural:   -ief   belief beliefs; brief briefs;chief chiefs; grief griefs;  -oof   hoof hoofs (rarely hooves); proof proofs;roof roofs;  -rf   dwarf dwarfs; scarf scarfs (or scarves); turf turfs;wharf wharfs (or wharves)   7. The ie-ei Rule:   Write ei   (1) after c, as in ceiling   (2) when the letters sound like long a, as in neighbour   (3) before the letters gh, as in eight   (4) between the letters f and t, as in forfeit   Write ie   (1) in most other words   (2) even after c: :when c sounds like sh, as in efficient :in words with the long i sound after c, as in society and science   8. Adding suffixes:   A) When a one-syllable word ends in one vowel and one consonant, that consonant is doubled before a suffix beginning with a vowel.   eg. hit + er = hitter   hit + ing = hitting   B) A word of more than one syllable ending in a single vowel and a single consonant, which has the accent on the final syllable, doubles that consonant before a suffix beginning with a vowel. Remember the accent must be on the last syllable.   eg. occur + ing = occurring   If the final syllable has no accent, there will be no doubling of the consonant. Thus, benefit will not double the t because the accent is on the first syllable.   eg. benefit + ing = benefiting   C) When a word ends in e, drop the final e before a suffix beginning with a vowel.   eg. large + er = larger   love + able = lovable   come + ing = coming   (Suffixes beginning with a vowel: -able, -ed, -er, -est, -ity, -ence, -ance, -ing, -ous)   * Verbs ending in oe (canoe) retain the e to preserve the pronunciation.   eg. canoe + ing = canoeing   D) The final e is retained when the suffix begins with a consonant.   eg. amuse + ment = amusement   (Suffixes beginning with a consonant: -ness, -ment, -ful, -less)   E) Some words retain the final e regardless of the suffix in order to retain pronunciation.   i) When the word ends in double ee, the final e is not dropped.   eg. agree, agreeable, agreement.   ii) Words ending in -ce or -ge will retain the final e before a suffix beginning with a vowel.   eg. notice, noticeable change, changeable   iii) Words ending in -oe retain the final e.   eg. canoe, canoeing   F) Certain words would lose their hard pronunciation of certain consonants unless a k is added before a suffix beginning with e, i or y.   eg. panic + ing = panicking   G) The final y preceded by a vowel remains y when suffixes are added.   eg. annoy + ing = annoying buy + er = buyer   H) When a consonant precedes the final y, the y changes to i when suffixes are added.   eg. enemy + es = enemies beauty + ful = beautiful   *There is only one case in which the y is retained. This is before -ing.   eg. carry + ing = carrying   9. Syllabication:   A) The Vowel/Consonant - Consonant/Vowel Pattern: When two consonants come together between two vowels, the first syllable usually ends after the first consonant.   eg. car/ton yel/low   VC/CV VC/CV   * A consonant blend or a consonant digraph is considered as one consonant when dividing a word into syllables.   eg. pit/cher   VC/C V   B) The Long Vowel/Consonant - Vowel Pattern: When only one consonant separates two vowel sounds, and the first vowel sound is long, the first syllable ends after the long vowel sound.   eg. na/ture be/low   V/CV V/CV   * A vowel sound is not the same as a vowel. In the word doughnut for example, -ough is considered one vowel sound.   eg. dough/nut   V /CV   C) The Short Vowel - Consonant/Vowel Pattern: When only one consonant separates two vowel sounds, and the first vowel is short, the first syllable ends after the consonant.   eg. pan/ic hab/it   VC/V VC/V   D) When a root word has a prefix or a suffix, the word is divided after the prefix or before the suffix.   eg. un/lock hand/ful   E) If a word ends in -le and a consonant comes before -le, divide the word before the consonant.   e.g. cas/tle hand/ful  F) In a compound word, divide between the words that make up the compound word.   eg. flash/light   10. When using seed, ceed, sede and cede:   A) When to use seed - seed linseed   B) When to use ceed - proceed exceed succeed   C) When to use sede - supersede   D) All other words are spelled cede.   http://www.hpl.ca/local/literacy/spelling.shtml