Alrighty, so yeah... Goin to RotK tomorrow, gonna kick ass 'cause a crap-load of my friends are going... It'll be the single best thing to do for the week, with going to Nate's right behind it... Maybe... And, umm... If Katherine didn't read my journal I would say what I got her today, one of many things to come ;P Looked around downtown for anything anyone would like, found some cool stuff... Saw my wallet full of money and all the music at Boomtown... Must... Hold... Back!!! ACK!! But yeah, gonna have a fun Christmas Break, tons of fun! Back to tomorrow... Dane's going to run into Cannon's D-Block English class where Kat, Sarah and Conley will be and rescue 'em from him. I'll stand somewhere behind him with leaves taped to my sweatshirt holding up sticks(treant ;D). Gonna wake up early tomorrow and run to 7-11 to get a couple rockstars for the day... Need as much energy as my body can hold!! ACK! I'm so fucking sore from yesterday's D-Block, OMG... Could barely bend over to turn on the shower, uhg... hope it leaves by tomorrow, really probably won't... Oh well... So yeah... Um, theres more I know it. Fought with Dane some more today... The usual, 'cept annoying stupid people that follow Arron(fucking awesome) try to get in... Just not gonna happen, so me and Dane take 'em down in a second and continue. So fun! I've been trying to throw him outside but he catches his balance too fast, dam him and his balance... Anyways, umm... thinking of posting a Rage to give my Journal a little more... "interesting... things", been persuaded by Katherine to post it... 'Course, so yeah... Love you Katherine  This be a tired rage that I made sometime early in the morning(probably about 2-3)  uhg, tired... i wonder how i can be so tired after sleeping twelve hours straight last night, is there a reason... damn my tiredness, i just wanted to catch up from being at dads. this sucks, i just want to go to take a hot shower and fall asleep. but i cant do that, i have to talk to kat first, itd be wouldnt be very nice of me. cause i have to be nice or i might hurt someones feelings, and i dont wanna do that now do i... oh no, none of fucking that, be nice to everyone. cause if you change they'll all fucking hate you! ya, thats right, wouldnt want to dissapoint anyone. there will be none of that, DONT LET IT FUCKING HAPPEN!! I FUCKING HATE YOU!! FUCK OFF! god damnit, fucking bastard pricks have no sense of fucking humor, theres no fucking way to get past them. WHAT THE FUCK!! JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!! FUCK OFF! i fucking hate you like no other on earth, ill fucking cut your fucking head off! leave me the fuck alone, fucking assholes... stpuid queers always trying to fucking piss me off, FUCK YOU!! FUCKING HYPS! NO FUCKING FAIR! i hate you all... FUCK YOU! where the fuck did all that shit come fropm, i dont fucking know... so fuck off you stupid bitch, i fucking hate you!! GOD DAMNIT, JUST FUCKING LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!! FUCK!!! i dont fucking care where anything came from, i couldnt care less really and neither should anyone else. for christs sake, just fuck off and leave me the fuck alone, i dont want to be asked a thousand questions every fucking day of my life. including the one I cant fucking answer!! "tell em about yourself myles" WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT TO FUCKING KNOW, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!! fuck, who do you think you are, i fucking hate you so fucking much!! leave me alone!! god damnit, just shut the fuck up and go the fuck away!! ONCE AGAIN, FUCK OFF!!!  Take into consideration what I've asked before... :) 7|-|4|\||