Citizenship, Education, and Law  Alright, so I've begun working on the paper concerning pragmatism, law, and economy in America.  I haven't written anything yet, just toyed with some ideas.  I began thinking about "instrumentalism," which is John Dewey's variation of pragmatism.  Instrumentalism, in the context of law, would say that we can create laws in order to change some aspect of our culture.  I also decided that I want to incorporate some of Robert Bellah's concerns about our nation's movement towards egoisitic individualism and away from a commitment to community.  During my interview, he also talked about how our nation's "democracy" is merely a facade.  Partly due to the lack of community involvement, and partly due to a lack of awareness of the rest of the world, the individual voter's opinions and beliefs are basically controlled by the government, big businness, and mass media.  Thus, although the form of the government is democracy, in actuality, it is much more of a plutocracy (literally "rule by money;" democracy is "rule by the whole people").  This also connects to John Stuart Mill's concerns about the tyranny of the majority in a democracy; since the majority opinion rules, the minority opinion and interests are effectively ignored; thus the minority becomes oppressed by the majority and loses all of their power.  Coming back to Dewey, he also had a a lot to say about democracy.  Dewey splits our national society into four areas: school, family, church, and work; in each sphere, democracy must be practiced, and each individual must be allowed their voice; otherwise, people will be oppressed (its been a while since I've read that particular essay; I'm sure that's not quite what he said.)  Also, both Bellah and Dewey were extremely concerned with the role of education in a democracy.  According to Bellah, too many people have the idea that an higher education's purpose is to help one find a job.  In my experience, this is certainly the case.  Consider how often one sees an add for a college that offers technical skills that will help you get a job compared to how many adds you see for an education that will make you a more effective citizen.  In a democracy, every individual is effectively a legislator; someone who makes decisions for the government.  Legislators need to be informed.    Anyways, somewhere in this mess of loosely connected ideas, I am going to try and identify (or blatantly copy) the primary problems affecting the community involvement of our culture, then identify some goals whose attainment will get us past the problems, and finally, try to think of some solutions, in the form of laws that will effect the economy, and eventually effect our society as well.  As I work on this problem, I'll do some more relevant postings on this blog, so if anyone has any criticisms or ideas, let me know.  (I always enjoy making others do my homework.)