I like Vanessa’s closing thought, “…we can do our best to please them some of the time.”  There is no doubt that teaching is a tough gig in the 21st Century – it almost seems that were we to teach in a far off place where the only resources available were a few books, we could fare much better.    We have not solved the issue of creating an “equal” society by ensuring that all individuals achieve a level of “literacy” commensurate with democratic and economic rights in any nation.  Literacy, like new media, has become a “moving target” and pinning it down may be perplexing.  But staying alert and trying to understand the nature or importance of language, technology, special and general knowledge, creativity – all such things that our contemporary literate world demands – may be the only way to find the bull’s eye every now and then.  Moments where learning is pleasurable!   Our world is that much more sophisticated than even a decade ago  (there are many persons to thank for the steep digital learning curve we experience today).  But in my view, Pablo couldn’t have said it better – the human quality will always be at the heart of our existence (not solely machines or ideas or things)…humans are remarkable beings with the capacity to both triumph in love and falter in hate…humans created the system…but…we do not need to be slaves to our creations…  Everything today is simultaneous and now (we are in instant communication mode) and perhaps as Peter indicated slaves to “poor” memories and “bad” planning as a result.  Tetrads show that the status of any medium is always happening simultaneously somewhere.  Whatever a new medium is  enhancing  somewhere, there is bound to be a  reversal into  something negative somewhere else – or that familiar thing is  obsolesced  – or the  retrieval  of yet another past artifact is ready to launch yet another enhanced extension of our…eyes, hands, ears, mouths, minds…  Where does creativity fit in all of this?  Creativity possesses many meanings (as many as there are individuals).  Its essential nature, however, is born of being uniquely human. It requires one to “see” what had not yet been perceived, then to communicate it in such a way that others might perceive it also.  Human beings possess the unique ability to know things  a priori  (i.e., conceptually) and to make the ideal world concrete.  For children, being creative is “seeing” and “expressing” without full knowledge of its existence in specialized fields.  Creative endeavors become trickier with age and knowledge.  Do you remember as a child when the world being so enormous held endless possibilities?  As we grow older, our world becomes smaller and possibilities seem to follow suit.  It is harder to “see” with those same innocent eyes…harder still to express ideas with innocent voices.  Yet…when creativity is nourished (given time and space)…pathways are sure to unfold.  Just reading the whole blog again…and all of the comments is enough to convince me that language is a compelling tool for creating ideas (and possibly this new technology called a blog).  And like all technologies, language may become a central force – it is a primary force for expressing the moments when we have captured the new, the unexpected, the hallucinatory, and the delirious…  For some it is the arts whose primary force captures those moments – though with language we can express with both artistry and clarity.