Shattered. Absolutely shattered. This has been one of the busiest weekends ever in the history of busy weekends...   Friday : Free afternoon, leave school at 12.30, go to post office, stamp E111 form for trip to Germany in 2 weeks (2 WEEKS! Argh!). Go to Birmingham to sell Hundred Reasons ticket- Academy don't do refunds. Luckily man behind me in the queue was wanting to buy a Hundred Reasons ticket- Sorted. Unsuccessful raid of Dorothy Perkins half price sale led to trip to Metal section of HMV and a purchase of "Casually Dressed And Deep In Conversation" by Funeral For A Friend. Buy this album. Arrived home 3.30pm, shower, left house for Birmingham University to meet Oli for curry and night out at the Guild. Spent hour previous to travelling to Guild watching Oli, James (cute) and Paul (FIT FIT FIT) play "Pro Evolution Soccer 3" on PS2. Was surprised I did not need to be woken before leaving icky flat. Spent night standing around quietly while Oli talked to other people who didn't talk to me, until about midnight when I engaged in conversation with Paul (FIT FIT FIT) about Ska and how it's great, and how garage rock is shit. Ha. Danced for a while then returned to icky flat collecting 2 road signs, an armchair and a traffic cone on the way to sleep in Oli's bed, while Oli went to his girlfriend's flat in search of sex.   Saturday : Awoke in icky flat, got up, did Oli's ironing for princely sum of £4.40 (student discount). Mother arrived with Oli's washing and food for next week or so, then headed home for quick bite to eat before heading to Gentleshaw to play with Coz's instruments. Rar. Songs were played at me (piano and guitar): Awesome. Cannot begin to comprehend how he comes up with the music he played- totally amazing. He can do "Plug In Baby" by Muse- totally beyond me. Sheer musical quality of songs made up for spending a considerable length of time in sub-zero temperatures in the garage. Began to learn bassline to one of his songs and also learnt bassline to "Smells Like Teen Spirit" (only 4 notes, but still an achievement). Left house 5 minutes before bus leaves Burntwood; missed bus. Waited 20 minutes in the cold before being able to get home to get ready to leave the house for Pelsall for Becky's 18th party. Was fun; Selina and I were a little over dressed but still enjoyed ourselves- stuffed face with flying saucer sweets and laughed at stoopid barmaid, who foolishly asked Selina to "watch the bar" while she went for more glasses. Rollo proceeded to stick his head under the Stella Artois tap for a drink and Zeb poured herself a generous shot of Vodka. Barmaid returned and remained unawares. Ha. Returned home to bed and awoke today ( Sunday ) with headache and aching muscles, for no apparent reason.  Phew! Thank God I've only got one piece of homework to do!  Ceff x   In hope and desperation I'll find my only light...