Well, I find myself in quite a predicament. Here's a recap of my love life over the past year. I've fallen in love with two women. One is 700 miles away, and the other is in a long term relationship. I've been out on a date with a very strange woman, and I've been shot down by a waitress. That has pretty much been the activity...until two weekends ago. That weekend I went to the shore and ended up hooking up with a woman that works in a different area of my company. She's nice, but I'm not sure if she's someone I could co-exist with in a relationship. We spent the night together (no sex) and she left the next day. I knew she was interested in me, and I knew it was against my better judgement to mess around with her, but I did it anyway...DOH!  So, last week, when I returned to the office, I got what I expected, an email from her asking me out. I accepcted, a bit skeptical, but I figured I'd give it a shot. Maybe we would hit it off. We had a good time, and got a little "tipsy" and headed to my place. We originally went to my place because she couldn't drive home, and my apartment was within walking distance. I had no intention of having her over, but, what the hell? So, needless to say, she stayed over, we messed around again, and she left in the morning. She was busy all weekend, so I had a chance to think about what happened, and if I wanted to pursue anything with her. I keep coming back to the fact that 1.) I don't really think anything could happen between us, and 2.) I really am in love with someone else. I have to be honest with her, and let her know that I'm not interested in continuing. I know she's looking for more, and I'm not, so it would be irresponsible of me to let it continue. Someone will get hurt (her), and it's better to nip it in the bud before things get serious.  On a lighter note, good sports weekend for me. Pistons won...and as I sign off for today, I leave you with the age old saying, "Offense wins games, defense wins championships." Go Pistons!