Had a good day today. Yay!  Actually it was very uneventful. In Theatre Arts we had a substitute and had to do bookwork with lots of questions at the end of the readings. Really stupid questions, the kind that have the answer in the question. "How could you change the voice to make the transation from narrative to dialogue?" Uhh...change the tone of voice...right? It was just really stupid is all.  Spanish was so much fun! We started singing since we were learning the tú form for commands. We sang the original verb then the tú conjugation, and if we sang loud enough we got extra points. We sang so loud, this boy from another Spanish class came in laughing, "Viva la revolucíon!" (Rough translation: Long live the revolution!) It was hilarious.  Algebra was boring, but I got an A on my test so it wasn't bad or anything. Just boring.  Biology was so much fun! We're starting to review stuff from 6th and 7th grade like asexual reproduction and stuff like that, but that's not the point, really. It was just fun. We talked about so many random things it was just fun for once. Like, somehow we got on the subject of what was for lunch...randomness...   Richard : Yeah, they had no casedillas today at lunch!  Jenny : I know I was so mad! They said they ran out...  Mrs. Smith : You guys know you can make your own casedillas at home, right?  Richard : Oh yeah, I do that. Just take white bread and cheese and put it in the microwave or on the stove.  Mrs. Smith : That's called grilled cheese, hun.  Then we actually got back on track, and then we got to where we were talking about fragmentation. It's a form of asexual reproduction where if you cut off part of the parent cell, it will just grow into a regular cell and the old one just grows back. When pieces of the parent cell break off to form a new organism...anyway...   Andrew : Like when lizards cut off their tails?  Matt : Yeah and they grow back!  Beth : That's not the same thing...  Mrs. Smith : Right, because when lizards lose their tails they just grow a new tail, it's not like the tails grow out into a new lizard and they share a tail.  Me : Oh, but that would be so cool!  It was just fun.  Track was exhausting. I ran the timed mile to set my pace per mile for next week and got 6:30. Not as good as I was during indoor, but it's been two weeks since I ran so it's okay. After that I had to run four continuous miles. It was okay, I was just tired and sore. I need to run three miles tomorrow and five on Sunday.  Tired...