- the front burner heats up -   so now i'm just blogging about how my job is taking over my whole entire life.   i don't think that there could possibly be a more boring blog to read.  Dale Soden from Whitworth College came to campus last week to talk to the faculty and he talked about how central to the life of the faculty member it was to be helping our students think careful about  meaningful vocation.    I couldn't agree with him more.  I've felt deeply enmeshed in the struggle of MANY of my students (some of you are reading?) -- unsure of where and how they fit in the world.    Harry decided to preach a series on vocation though (so now is the time to come and visit if its applicable and you're interested).  This morning he talked about how hearing God's call was often about forcing yourself to listen to the shape of who *you* are.  What is it that you love? long for? enjoy? take pleasure in?   *AND* forcing yourself NOT to listen to all the seductions and expectations that feel so natural (money, security, normalcy, parents' expectations).  It was very moving.  This summer I think that I'm starting to think (and yes, that sentence needs to be just that circuitous) that maybe this teaching thing *does* / *could* fit my calling after all.  Certainly, I'm increasingly convinced that the bueracracy of higher (and most other levels) ed. is *not* a good fit -- but that maybe the things that I love:   - telling stories  - casting vision  - intuiting truth - building friends  can find a home in this profession.  Not that they couldn't have found "home" in another profession -- and certainly I never set out in this direction...  I do become increasingly convinced that more often than not our CALLING (vocatio) does not *fit* well with the jobs and the institutions and the places and the flow of money that exist in the world.  Isn't that part of what it means to be strangers and aliens.  I wrote in a card to Lynn about 6 months ago that i felt "set adrift in life".  that felt scary and awful to me then.  (I remembered the feeling when i saw the card on the counter today -- it fell out of her Bible maybe?) The truth is that I still feel that drift, but am maybe becoming more convinced that the sense of chartedness and destiny that i thought was driving me forward was purely rhetorical construct -- and that we're all trying to make our drifting meaningful by telling stories.   Of course I don't want to demean those stories.  I live for them.  (I'd like to MAKE A LIVING telling them.)  But I also want to free myself to enjoy the drift.  To acknowledge the possibility and the playfulness that exists in the limin and betweenness.  If you're my brother, you're "blah, blah, blah"ing the screen right now.  If you're my grandma you're shaking your head, "that boy!"  if you're my mom, you're hearing me depict my brothers and grandmother publicly and saying, "andy!"  so that's my cue to shut up.  happy school start, teachers, parents & students everywhere.   peace! ~andrew  (p.s. if you're my sister Angela, you're nodding intensely, listening as I ramble, seeming *so* interested...but possibly you're just on screensaver mode...)