Well, today being Memorial Day, we have no school. Wahoo. But of course, it`s raining. So, I can`t go for my usual two-mile run. At least, not when it`s raining hard like this, and since I`m only fourteen, my parents won`t let me run alone. Even though I live in this nice development near a mountain where there are very few perverts and creeps...okay except for that one drunk that scared one of my friends half to death and then her mom got out the gun since her husband wasn`t home...but other than that it`s safe. Sort of. But hey, being a red belt in tae kwon do and running a mile in six minutes, I should be pretty safe, right? But instead, I am content to do crunches in my room and then watch Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. Our pastor`s son Avery let us borrow the DVD. The pastor lives about two miles from us. Avery is eleven, I think. Taylor is thirteen. And Tanner, the youngest, is nine or ten. We watched from the part where Eowyn tells Merry to ride with her to the end, skipping the boring parts with Frodo, Sam, and Gollum. I think Eowyn should have had more fighting parts! I can`t wait for tomorrow, because we have the eighth grade class trip! We`re going to Baltimore, MD! Yay! The problem is, since we live in central PA, we`re leaving at 5:15 am and we have to be at the school by 5:00 am. It takes about ten minutes to get into town...so I have to be awake by about 4:00 or 4:15. I should probably be in bed now, just so I can sleep. Some of my friends have decided not to sleep, since there will be about an hour of "silence" on the buses. Yeah right, like they expect complete silence! Someone will be awake on each bus, I can guarantee it! Unfortunately, my group got stuck on bus 5, which means we`re stuck with Mr. Orris and Mr. Runton...not the most fun teachers on Earth. They have got to be the most boring ones around! Eep, shouldn`t say that, Mr. Orris is my neighbor! Ya, I live with the teachers...Mr. Orris, Mr. Underkoffler, Mrs. Tanner, Mrs. Fickis, Mr. Reeder, Mrs. Bailey...but Mr. Runton is the librarian, anyway. But Beth, Chels, Ashlee, and Casey are in my group. Aah! Why can`t Katie be in my group! And Emily? But I`m glad that Ashlee and Casey are in my group. Beth and Chels are two of my bestest friends ever! Katie is the other. Emily and I are going to speak Mandarin Chinese wherever we go, since noone knows us. Beth said she`d disown us. Emily will also speak Spanish, and I`m going to speak French, too. I`m going to be missing tae kwon do class tomorrow, since it`s from 1815 hours-1915 hours, and we don`t arrive back in Mifflinburg until 1930 hours! Oh well...