Reflection:   The past 2 weeks has been eye-opening and challenging to say the least. Even though I'm taking two courses, FET5601 has been the 'pilot' as I was absorbed with it for the whole first week at least.   The group has been dynamic and that's actually a surprise. Big number as well. The experience so far has been exciting, nervous, and a little wary of what's ahead.  What's clear to me is that my definition of Instructional Design is vastly different from the majority. Taking a more technologically driven approach centering around Learning Management Systems and Reusable Learning Objects, I am finding myself a little without company. There is a stronger emphasis here on teaching and learning theories, with a focus on constructivism.  I've been exposed to concept mapping and I think it's quite a novel approach. However, it does take time to construct, so it strikes me as more of a 'final' presentation approach. It's easier for me to construct a linear text based concept although the drawbacks of that is apparent when concepts cannot be easily linked.  There is also some exposure on the concept of flexible learning. It has been novel to see that flexible learning is more than just e-learning, which may not be flexible at all! There is still a lot to learn.   Action:   Completed my reaction to Bates' article and did my first concept map. A lot more to do and read however. Have to firm up my understanding on learning theories, and try to find an approach to Instructional Design that I can relate to.    Observation:   My shallow knowledge of learning/teaching theories is hampering and it's taking time to absorb new understanding. Am also finding it difficult deciding on which readings are important. Will appreciate a more visible guidance from Shirley although she has made it clear that peer to peer interaction is part of the process. The problem I have with that is I don't know whose opinion to base my judgements on. Certainly an interesting and challenging process.