Last night I called one of my credit card companies to cancel one of my credit cards. I have too many cards, and too much credit for my income. Since a car loan is hopefully in my future, I thought it would be smart to cut some of my excess credit baggage. Besides, once the card is cancelled I can't be enticed to use it anymore. I had once nearly cancelled my Verizon Visa, only to put a $2700 computer purchase on it a few weeks later.  In any case, calling to cancel a credit card is not an easy task. I've tried before (sometimes just as a trick to get them to lower my APR) and it usually ends with them spending 5 to 10 minutes coming up with ways to get me to keep my card. Before that though I have to spend 5 to 10 minutes of navigating through their menu-option puzzle, listening to every option before I get the "speak to a real person" option, and then waiting on hold to speak to said person. This company was no different. The twist, though, which almost made me want to keep my card, was that instead of waiting for a "customer service representative" I was waiting for a "relationship counselor." Yes, that is correct, a relationship counselor.  I was waiting for something along the lines of.. "Yes ma'm I have your account here in front of me. It shows here that you have been single for 1 1/2 years, is that correct?" "Yes that's correct." "And let's see, your last romantic encounter was last June? Is that correct?" "Yes that is correct." "Uh Huh. I see here that you went dancing last Saturday. A guy asked you to dance with him, and you turned him down, is that correct." "Yes but he wanted his friend to dance with my friend. His friend was wearing a vest. I wasn't going to make her dance with a guy in a vest." "Okay, Ma'm. Well it also looks like your friends told you to "flirt" with one of their friends." "Yeah they did. I tried. I guess I'm not a good flirt." "Mmhm, I see. Well, it looks like you don't have many transactions here. How often do you go out and meet people?" "Well, I go out, but I don't meet people." "Yes uh huh, well that's the problem ma'm. Now I can offer you this date protection plan..."  You get the idea. Instead I got...  "Alright, well we are sorry to lose your buisiness but I will go ahead and cancel your account for you."  And that was that. They didn't even try to offer me a low balance transfer rate or anything. Just, sure thing, we'll cancel your credit card. Quick, easy, and I was dumped. That's a relationship counselor for you.  urlLink  postCount('108311688776878741');