Grades are due on Weds. Ok, so right now I should be grading the pile of provocative research papers sitting on my right--hah! No comment!  I was getting sleepy. I'm also doing laundry.  I seem to be doing a lot of laundry the past few days.  But I suppose it is something I need to do: washing out my soul.  What is this Monday? I realize something about myself; I think I'd like a nice guy in my life.  I wanted not to think about K, so I read Edith Wharton's "The Buccaneers" in,like, two days.  Yes, it was her last novel, incomplete, and I could sense where the other writer completed it.  In the end, the language was too late twentieth century.  Kind of like when you read the last of Shakespeare's plays, you can tell where Fletcher moves in.  But anyway Back to Wharton,  Guy Thwarte, is our hero in this novel.  He is everything Ethan Frome, and Newland Archer are not.  It seems to me at least, that Wharton finally wanted to create a male character who is able to live outside convention. Thwarte has this wonderful ability to be a nonconformist.  He's so nice, sincere, kind, respectful, romantic as hell, and he gets it.  He understands that life is more than what we have--things, things, things! He's just content to live comprehending poetry and art and Love!   Ahhh!    Maybe, I shouldn't read novels like this when I am in such a romantically disillusioned state. I must say, today, I am in love with Guy Thwarte! He was having a conversation with our heroine, Annabell (Nan)St. James, and he talks about this notion of "beyondness."  In the strict setting of order and tradition where they find themselves, the lovers both share an understanding of the beauty of life.  They both know that it cannot be defined with money, or influence, but rather through art, culture, & a deep passion for humanity.    Oh, maybe my heart is just hurting a little!  I don't even feel jaded because I knew how K was made.  But, I just don't understand his meanness (is that a word?). It's something so foreign.  Why be sour?   I just need to be "got", I suppose.  I need to meet the right Guy. I'm not really lonely.  I know how that feels, and it is something I'm not ashamed of, but it would just be nice to be understood by the other gender.  One who says, "I get you, and your nutty jumbled chaos."   And while I'm making all these intimate disclosures, I may as well write it--I need to be Kissed.  K--didn't kiss too well!  I could really use a deep kiss by a sweet and brainy and dreamy guy who speaks my language!  And a long gaze too!  A very long gaze into my eyes--yes, indeed!  enough written, & I'm so glad nobody reads this gushing. (Nobody, right? uhm blush)  Jumbled Chaos