I'm paranoid. I was thinking about this today at work when I sat at my desk wondering if everyone was talking about me; then wondering why I cared if they did or not?!   It all started on Monday when a good friend and co-worker announced that she'd quit. She had been off work on medical leave for quite some time, and when she came back, there were a few people out to get her (they really were - she wasn't being paranoid!). Well, she comes from an extremely wealthy family, so instead of fighting, just quit (she's been there for over 10 years). I'm happy for her really - she can spend time with her family and doesn't have to worry about the cattiness at the library. What threw me for a loop though was all the talk that was going on behind her back. The people cheering that she was going to leave. The other co-workers rushing to get their resumes together so they could apply for her job.   People do talk about other people… people do gossip, I know that. It goes on all the time in our staff lounge or in the elevator or by the loading dock… But I never really thought about people talking about me until I saw this explosion of "hey, did you hear…" going on this week. It made me really start to wonder.   So as I sat at my desk this afternoon after a meeting, that didn't go so well - I started to speculate what others could be saying about me behind my back. As I was stewing, I decided to hop on the net and look up  paranoia  (At times I sure damn the people who put the internet together!). I found this article on the internet which said:    "Almost everyone experiences feelings of paranoia at some time in their lives. Paranoia is a perception that people are talking about you and spying on you, that they can't be trusted and do not have your best interest at heart. Paranoid people feel helpless and fear entrapment. They tend to be touchy, slow to forgive and quick to take offence. They feel victimized by what they perceive to be the overly critical attitudes and unjust anger of others. At the same time they are very self-conscious and critical of themselves. In an effort to defend against their own fears, they project a great deal of hostility and sarcasm toward significant others. "    Oh my God, that's ME!   I announced this revelation to my husband…his reply?  "Yeah, I know. But you're functional."  Ok, is this a real helpful response?! It gave me the ache-in-the-pit-of-your-stomach sort of feeling… He went on to clarify "But honey, you're getting better." All I want to do is find some hole to crawl into. If he knew, is this something that everyone knows? Can they tell I don't have it all held together? Why the hell am I worrying?!?! God, I am paranoid!   I suppose revelation is a step towards  cure , if cure is the right term. Maybe  understanding  would be better. Perhaps I don't really need to be fixed or cured at all :)  Just realizing what I do, and why I'm doing it, will help me to be more aware of my actions. Growth - it's something that never stops, eh?   But I can do that in the moring... right now I'm going to go find that hole...