NAYKID HICCUPPING ROCKSTAR IN GUATEMALA I taught kindergarten the other day.  They are going on a trip to a farm so i read them stories about barnyard animals.  Afterwards they had to color pictures of the animals, then write a sentence about each one. Daniel, the only white kid in class incidentally, colored his pig and said smiling, "Teacher, look at what I wrote!" I looked at his paper and read out loud, "'The pig is a naykid pig'. Oh, the pig is naked.  Yeah, Daniel.  That's true.  I guess the pig IS naked." "Look at what else I wrote," he said snickering. "'The pig now how make pig,' I read.  "What does that mean?" "The pig knows how to make pigs," he said. "Oh, he knows how to make other pigs?" "Yeah." "I see--"  The other day I was teaching 5th grade and we were out on the playground playing Melonball (baseball but with a kickball-style bouncey ball).  Briana, a girl from my class, was up to bat and she lined a shot and smashed the pitcher, a girl from room 4, right in the face.  The room 4 girl, dropped immediately and started weeping face down in the dirt.  So cartoonish was the incident that a burst of laughter escaped from me before I ran over to check and see if she was ok.  She was alright, but Briana was crying because she was sorry she hit her.  Then Natalie started crying because Briana was crying, then Wendy started crying because Natalie was crying.  Pretty soon all the girl were crying.  Well, all that is except one girl who was laughing and making fun of the girls that were crying.  She started laughing so hard that she started hiccuping.  Picture this for a moment.  The whole scene was so surreal that I would have felt more at home in a Dali painting.  I just got a Little Caeser's pizza.  5 bucks for a large pepperoni.  What an awesome deal.  ate it while watching Mr. Show which has been the dvd favorite as of last.  We're on season 3 now.  So funny.   I was a big loafer today.  slept in late, read, sat.  i plan on doing more of it.  right now actually... Saw The Shins put on an awesome rock show last night down in L.A. at the Wiltern.  Rockin' show.  The Fiery Furnaces opened for them and inspired me to start up a rock band.  I'm positive I can be a superstar.  I'm THE talent.  I'm got star power oozing out of me.  one glance from me and the ladies will swoon.  No doubt about it.  THe problem is, despite my awesome stage presence I need some musicans.  I'm a preformer not a musician.  All interested parties contact me immediately.  I've already drawn interest from Tom Morello, Flea, and Mike D, so act quickly.  The supergroup will be like a rage against the machine/stevie wonder/white stripes/ben folds/chemical brothers influenced sort of thing.  an entity in an of it's self.  I'm such a draw i guaruntee maganize covers within a year.  5, 4, 3, 2, 1...blast off! I am going to Guatemala in 3 weeks.  I get to hike up volcanoes, explore mayan ruins, chill on the carribean coast.  word.  I leave on June 22nd. I'm been doing a lot of research and reading for this trip.  I'm pretty excited about some of the places I'm going to.  I'm going here (tikal):    Volcanoes around Lake Atitilan