Just as we were finally adjusting to life here in Ky, my dad, who is a pastor, received a call to a church in Alabama.  He had semi-retired from a church he had been senior pastor of for about 20 years.  It was also the church he had attended before going into the ministry.  For the past six months he had worked as an interim pastor in a congregation not too far from the parsonage where he and my mother were still living.  They had been warning the family that they could be relocating soon, but everyone was shocked when they found out it would be Alabama!  Sean, myself, and our 2 youngest children, flew out to southern CA to help them pack and drive their cars out here.  Of all my siblings, I was the most excited since they would now be a lot closer to us.  The trip out here was pretty exciting.  We seemed to follow a storm the entire way.  The worst part was the evening we were trying to get to Fort Worth, Texas, for the night.  My vision isn't as good as I would like when it is dark and to make matters worse there was a torrential rainfall and road construction.  Wouldn't you know there were semi trucks everywhere?  I becamse seriously disoriented and asked everyone if we could stop as soon as possible for the night.  Thankfully, there were no accidents or anything, but I wanted to stop before any could happen.  After we arrived in AL, Sean and I still had to drive back to our home.  We arrived around 4:30 am.  Our older 2 children were glad we were back.  They managed pretty well while we were gone and we were very proud of them.  I'm trying to skip some of the more tedious details, but all in all things have been pretty eventful.  We've been down to AL twice now, once for a weekend right after my parents moved into their new house, and again for a week of spring break.  We've enjoyed getting to know the area.  Both Sean and I really like the town they have moved to, and the congregation is great.  They have a restaurant that Sean could eventually transfer to, so we are keeping our options open.  We did decide, however, to commit to one more year here in KY.  I promised the principal I would stay one more year so i could be under contract and have a steady income.  Jacob will be starting college at the end of June not too far away and we would like to stay close at least his first year.  Sean also would like to work on some things in his job which would make it better for him to transfer.  Now that we are happier where we live, we are happier with staying.  Having family fairly close also helps, we can visit more often.  They are even planning on coming here for Jacob's graduation.  All in all, things are looking up.  The only real problem we seem to be having is financial.  We just can''t seem to get it together!  Another reason for staying put a little longer.