Oh dear. Carla is coming next week. She wants to see all of my files. Like, ALL of them. Yes, even that one. No, I don't know what I'm going to do either.  The other thing is that I got my contract for my job, which is great, but requires all sorts of documentation and form filling and police checking and I just don't quite feel like doing that just yet. My brain is locking down and bracing for impact. Jesus.  So the Boy called from Cannes a few hours ago. Apparently it is hot and the hotel is nice, although they were 'treating' the journalists to a big screen viewing of the football, rendering the poor bugger mute and glassy eyed for a couple of hours. I tried to encourage him to get excited by the running around and cheering; perhaps he entered into the spirit of things later on. Perhaps he is glassing some French people as we speak.  The exhibition business went off alright, considering. Good crisp selection. Jon, Rob and I turned up about two hours early to talk to the external examiner. No one else did  -  we are fools. Nothing else of note happened.  I have work to do for school tomorrow, but I feel I should be making the most of a night of singledom. At the moment I am having a floor picnic of cream crackers and cherries and drinking unfiltered water from a paper cup. Woo! I am clearly the most decadent and wanton lady south of the river. Next I think I will practice maudlin ballads on my guitar and experiment with my SHINY NEW CAPO.*  If you are bored at about 2am tonight, feel free to email or AIM or text me, as this is the hour timetabled for extensive wibbling over burglars/monsters/wiggins.  Bye now! x  *Boring guitar-spod interlude:  I got a new capo which is probably totally normal but utterly new fangled and futuristic for me as I have been using a pencil and bit of string for frigging years. Anyway, it is one of those springy metal clip-on varieties for, you know, quickly changing capo position mid-number (!) but it's actually QUITE RUBBISH. The bottom E never seems to be trapped by the capo. Am I doing something wrong? Does anyone else have one of these capos? Does it make all of your capo playing out of tune? Am I putting it on upside down? It was about £12, which I think isn't THAT cheap for a glorified clothes peg, really. Should I upgrade? Do these questions sound slightly rude for non-guitarists? HELP ME.  Also, if you have any good tab recommendations, do share: all of my books are Up North.