Here is a bit of a tip for you to avoid what could be a really shitty situation. This only applies to males. When you to come Korea, be sure that your Hojok(family registration) doesn't have your Korean name registered on it. When you go to apply for your  urlLink F-4 Visa  you will need to have this document to prove that your parents were a former Korean National. The reason why you need to have your Korean name erased, is to avoid the situation that I experienced. I applied for my F-4 Visa with the notion that it would be a breeze, as it is for many gyopos. Only problem, even though I was born in Canada, I was given a Korean name from my grandparents and this name was registered on the Family Hojok.  After applying for the visa, my father's friend who I was staying with,  was told that I had to erase the name or face possible military service.  This had me worried, as I did not want to serve, but I also didn't want to leave Korea as I basically just got here.  As well, I was required to clear the name due to the fact that if I left the country, I could perhaps never be able to re-enter (pop singer:  urlLink Yoo Seung Joon , although his situation is different) I 'm not the only one who has had this problem. I know of a few who had the same experience and have heard of some who had to go serve their time. Of course, their situation is different as they had actual Korean citizenship, but had been living abroad for most their lives.  My good friend's older brother, who was born in Canada, and had been in Korea for 7 years, experienced this on his last Visa renewal, he was only able to avoid the miltitary time after he hired a lawyer and was able to erase his name off the Hojok. This is what also happened to me, although I was lucky enough to not have to use a lawyer, I still had to get a judges approval to have my name erased. Also, the fact that I was a Canadian born citizen made a world of difference. This whole process took about 3 months, in which I was unable to earn any money and a basically play the waiting game.  Every situation is different, but my advise to you is to get your documents in order, ask your parents if they or your grandparents have registered you on the Hojok and then take the steps in getting that name erased, especially if you are a 20 something male.