I moved this weekend. The most significant (or significantly depressing) thing that I realized is, without cable or Internet hooked up, I really had nothing to do. I read like 12 magazines, which I suppose is good (and I know that Lenny Dysktra is running an upscale car wash, which is interesting), but man, this digital age has really captured our generation.   Here's a good one. The Phillipines are pulling troops out of Iraq to avoid one of their citizens getting beheaded, right? It's drawing international ire, apparently. I honestly haven't been following it that closely, but I believe that to be right.   What if Bush's daughter was captured by terrorists (one of them is trying to go to Africa, where I believe anit-US groups operate)? Would he pull out US troops for his daughter, or keep them in for his nation?   I bet some movie has been made about that exact choice, and I probably didn't see it. Regardless, if you had a good script, it would be a kickass movie.   Martha Stewart got sentenced to five months in prison for her insider trading deal. Don't you think white collar criminals ought to do a "Robin Hood" style thing, and give a larger chunk of their money to the poor? I mean, what does putting a white collar criminal in jail really do? I don't think it does anything, frankly. Meanwhile, there's a growing national divide between the "haves" and the "have nots" which could probably be somewhat (miniscule, I know) fixed by making rich crooks give their money to lower-income districts.    Some guy on FOX News this weekend said regarding Farenheit 9/11, "If I wanted to see a fictional movie about a fat guy, I'd go to Shrek 2." I hate FOX News, but you gotta admit that's pretty funny.   I think Kris Benson should go to the Mets, and Randy Johnson to the Red Sox. Meanwhile, no one's taking notice of Morris Peterson - on the verge of blossoming into a 20 ppg scorer - going to the already stacked New Orleans Hornets, who have an excellent coach coming aboard in Byron Scott.    When are these NFL preview mags going to come out?    Question of the Day  Consider the President Bush scenario above. What would YOU do?