More items: 1.  I am noticing that Derrcules has bumped Hurricane Earle from the top of the pile.  I am not amused.  But in other news, Derrcules--where have you been all my life?  Can you make my computer go faster? 2.  Since last we spoke I saw Jim Jarmusch's Coffee and Cigarettes, which I very much enjoyed.  At first I thought the premise was cheesy and overly-mannered, but by about a third of the way through I was thoroughly won over.  Jarmusch has a wonderful sense of humor, I think.  The scene with Bill Murray was off the hook!  I also watched Down By Law, which I liked, although I do get tired of Roberto Benigni pretty quickly.  Possibly an explanation for my resistance to C & C? 3.  Of course I also saw The Chronicles of Riddick.  Don't ask. 4.  Is the numbered posting getting old?  I think I'll stop with it after this post. The little Offutt who dances on my shoulder is telling me it's just an excuse not to write the transitions. 5.  My herbs are going strong.  The basil is a big bully.  Will have to be isolated.  I planted tomatoes and peppers, too, but the sociopathic squirrel in my backyard (it's the one who fell out of the tree, I am certain) uprooted and ate all four of them.  Seriously, I caught him in the act--I walked out to my kitchen in the morning just in time to see him leap from my rail with leaves and stems and a dirty ganglion of roots all spilling from his little mouth.  The little guy looked too ridiculous to make me angry.  (OK, I got a little angry.) 6.  Michelle, Middlemarch is tremendous.  I have had my socks knocked off on every page.  She's continually expanding on our understanding of her characters without ever seeming inconsistent or reticent--they're all just interesting and complex enough to warrant the attention.  I've seen her even give five pages of exposition on a character she'd thoroughly introduced two hundred pages earlier.  Awesome!  She also makes these hilarious and compassionate authorial asides.  Anyways, I like it.  Here's a section I've been saving for blog (from Chapter 41, p. 340 in my edition):      "Who shall tell me what may be the effect of writing?  If it happens to have been cut in stone, though it lie face downmost for ages on a forsaken beach, or 'rest quietly under the drums and tramplings of many conquests', it may end by letting us into the secret of usurpations and other scandals gossiped about long empires ago:--this world being apparently a huge whispering-gallery.  As the stone which has been kicked by generations of clowns may come by curious little links of effect under the eyes of a scholar, through whose labors it may at last fix the date of invasions and unlock religions, so a bit of ink and paper which has long been an innocent wrapping or stop-gap may at last be laid open under the one pair of eyes which have knowledge enough to turn it into the opening of a catastrophe.  To Uriel watching the progress of planetary history from the Sun, the one result would be just as much a coincidence as the other."  Anyways, I'll give the final word when I've finished it.  Extra credit to anyone who can 1. identify whom she is quoting in line 3; and 2. tell me who this Uriel is.  (You see, I even think in numeric sequences.)