I love this bugsmusic site.  It is loaded with  everything you'd want to listen too despite being a Korean run site.  As a matter of fact I'm listening to it right now.  Yesterday was a peaceful recovery from the fierce night of drinking that was Saturday.  I finished up The Dubliners and picked up The Count of Monte Cristo at Kyobo.  I am surprized at what an easy read it is.  I'm a little worried about the fact that it's about 1500 pages long because I've never read anything nearly this long before.   It looks like I'll be going to Seoul this 3 day weekend.  This will be my 4th trip to Seoul.  There is still plenty I have to see.  I'd like to finish up seeing all the royal palaces and there are a handful of museums to had as well.  I forgot to ask my Korean teachers today but I heard there is some kind of killer who has been running around the part of Seoul I usually find myself in.  But this time I think we'll be in a different part luckily.   I had to work at Samduk today, but actually it turned out to be a real  treat.  All my classes were super easy.  I got this guy Justin's schedule, and I don't know what he does to these kids but they  were super well behaved.  I think hung out downtown and read in Seattle's.   Life is pretty tame otherwise.  I'm finding my rhythm here in Banchon which is good.  I think I'm ready to meet and date someone again.  Being single has been nice but I do miss having someone.  My birthday (as well as Caleb's) is quickly approaching.  It makes me wonder where the hell the time goes.  I remember it last year very vividly.  It was actually a rocking party with more people than I count partaking.  This year I don't think I want something so grand.  Just some fun.  I've only barely managed to start filling the Slamma bottle that was given to me last year with change despite having it for a year.   Today was pay day but I didn't get squat b/c I was at Samduk.  But hopefully that will be remedied tomorrow.  I still need to open a damn KB star bank account but when I went downtown to do it the secretary (they call them counselors now for some reason) drew a fucked up map that led me to nothing that resembled a bank.  I guess it really isn't that important.  I just want to get an atm card.  I think I want to eat Sam gyup sal soon.  Fenton if you read this and want to eat some sam gyup sal tomorrow let me know.  Give my cell a call after work b/c I think I'll head downtown to head it and hang out.  Or for that matter anyone who wants to eat it let me know.  He just seems to be the only other person who likes it.   Seems to be lots of drama lately in the ever widening circle of friends.  Luckily I think I'm not included currently.  Everyone should go to Seoul this weekend.