They're actually quite good, I am quite happy with the level of service that I have received to date. In fact I would go so far to say that there is if any only one small problem with the banks over here. And that would be; the people. But it is not as bad as "obnoxious unhelpful old lady, with no hint of a soul (because she sold it to the devil(her manager) years ago) behind the teller window, who sits there with a permanent sneer, and spits brimstone when she speaks" that your mind is picturing right now. No not at all, infact most of them are middle aged good looking, friendly (though not too friendly) intelligent women. For instance 'Genia'* was a very pretty, intelligent, On-To-It, smartly dressed, helpful go-getter type person with always a brilliant smile upon her face, constantly playing at the corners of her be-dimpled mouth and a spring in her step. It Seems that Genia would just about move hell and earth to get a job done, and make a customer happy. Genia made my banking experience so pleasurable, that I almost didn't want to leave. Well it would have been that way if Genia actually existed.  Genia didn't exist, no but Annmaree* did and I was stuck with her, for the next three eternities of my banking*** experience (more like half an hour - but it felt like an eternity). I won't bother describing Annmaree as it would be like describing a small patch of plain wall, or perhaps a small uninteresting four equal sided rectangleish type shape. However I will mention the efficiancy to which she attached herself to her job, and to what must be noted; (I perceived) must also be the same rigor that she attached to the everyday running of her life too. Which was not much at all. Annmaree successful guessed incorrectly that Rachelle and I were partners (we good friends and both quite happy with this). And and just one of the interesting and totally useless things that came from her mouth; was quite amusing to both Rachelle and I, and it went a little something like this.  Chell: Where's Aaron gone. AnnM: Oh that guy you cam e in with? He's out the back still doing his banking. You should Dump him.  ???  So anyway. After this little experience, I found out latter. About Ten days latter that Annmaree had got my transaction totally wrong and sent the wrong amount of money to the wrong account. I was not a little stressed when I saw that a rather large and most heartbreaking amount of money had left my bank account for no apparent reason or upon any of my authorization, and was on the phone quick smart to the banking hotline to sort out asap what exactly had gone wrong.   Anyway, the best part of this little narrative, is that I actually got to speak to someone on the phone who had a clue, and told me everything that had happened and promptly returned all the money to the right place. I am happy once more! Unfortunately I have to go back to the same bank and order another transfer, this time I will ask not to speak to Annmaree.     *Most names made up** to protect the identity of the people in the story or because I can't remember their real names.   **And some of the Characters too ;-)   ***here's something fun for you to try, first close both your hands in to a fist. Now stick out your pointing fingers on both hands (the ones you use to point at things with**** and say oooooooh with awe, wonder or pity) if you have done this right you should be looking a little like Fonzie when he first sat in front of a computer screen. Now Bend your extended pointing fingers in to hook shapes and insert one finger in to each corner/side of your mouth. The effect will be like that of an unfortunate fish being caught by two brawny anglers with one hook in either cheek. Now Pull outwards a little so as to stretch your lips, you should be pulling hard enough so that it doesn't hurt but any further pulling may actually start to tingle a little. And lastly Say the following line out loud:  "I'm a fantastic Banker!"  Shout it out loud if you want, but make sure that your fingers are still pulling at either side of your mouth, otherwise the general effect will be lost, and people around you will not realize how passionate about it you are about it.  Feel Better? You can remove your fingers now.    ****Like three legged birds and United states presidents