First a sidenote: I have been accused of having an "emo blog." Jeez louise, a girl says twice that she doesn't like being single and all the sudden I'm all emo. For the record, I have no intention of having an emo blog. Nobody said anything when I had two posts in a row devoted to Jesus.  In any case, yesterday I was in my office analyzing my master's data. (It was a beautiful day out, but I couldn't wait to see my data so I chose to do that instead...that's how you can tell I was meant for grad school.) Since it was Saturday and I was the only one around, I decided to listen to some music on my computer. At first I tried listening to  urlLink KEXP . At the time though it was a talk radio show, which happened to be devoted to discussions on the monorail project in Seattle. Considering 1). I can't hear the word "monorail" without thinking of that Simpson's episode where they build a monorail, and thus find the whole concept of monorails funny and 2). I don't live anywhere near the greater Seattle area (or even near Pacific time zone), I really had no interest in the discussion at all.  So then I decided to try to find a good internet station that would play me decent music and change things up from my "Quality Tunes" playlist on my iPod. That is when I stumbled upon  urlLink Launch at Yahoo . For most of the afternoon I was grooving out to Launch's Indie Rock  station which I was really enjoying. I even started making a list of songs and artists I didn't own that I liked. That alone was a nice find. But then, it got cooler. In taking a break from my work, I noticed that the Launch window had a little rating thing, where you could rate each song. This is where this stuff gets really cool. Basically you sign in and give them like 5 bands you like. Then it begins playing songs from those bands and from bands that people that like those bands like, and then you rate those, and then it plays you different songs based on your ratings. Essentially, its Amazon.com's recommendations only in a radio station. Luckily I discovered this towards the end of my work, because I just became to enthralled with rating songs and seeing what would come next on my personal radio station.  I think its fucking brilliant.   This find, however, came only 2 days after I updated my iTunes software only to discover that those people at Apple are so fucking smart too. Now  you can publish your playlists on the iTunes Music Store. All the songs that you have on your playlist that they have available gets put in a list, and people can buy your mixes. I was really impressed with their selection. They even had  urlLink Stipplicon . I spent, oh at least a good hour and half making new playlists and publishing them on iTunes.   Now, if I could only combine the geniuses at Apple with the geniuses at Yahoo. I predict in the next 2-3 years they will come out with an iPod with wireless network abilities so that in addition to playing mp3s they will also play internet radio stations, and if they are smart, custom radio stations based on the music you like. I would totally buy that. Maybe I should patent this idea before they think of it next!  urlLink  postCount('108351907550682230');