Since many of you don't have the specifics of what I'm doing here in New York, I figure since I'm doing nothing, I would write a little about it.   I came here as a member of hte NYC Teaching Fellows, an organization to bring teachers to NYC.  Every year, they hire around 3,000 new teachers, only a dent in the approximately 12,000 vacancies a year.  Of those 3,000, a third were math teachers.  Last year I taught at Grace H. Dodge Career and Technical High School.  It wasn't as bad as a lot of schools in the Bronx, but it wasn't easy.  To answer the question that I am asked the most often, I was never scared of my students, nor did I ever have any reason to be.  On the other hand, after seeing someone get jumped at the bus stop a block from my school in the middle of the day, there are times when I was scared of the other students.  Next year, I will be at a different school though (my choice).  I will be teaching math still, but at the Frank Sinatra School of Arts.  It is still a public school, but of a much different caliber.  In NYC, at the end of 8th grade, the students all have to apply to high school.  If they are not accepted into any schools of their choice, they go to a "zoned school" which is just the closest high school, and usually the really scary schools.  Almost every high school here has  a theme, from music, to cosmetology, to aviation or boat making.  The emphasis at Frank Sinatra is dance, music, and drama.   I am excited for many reasons.  First, there will be air conditioning.  Second, it is only 15 minutes away.  And third, I will be able to relate more to the students.  I loved my students at Dodge, but I will never understand them.  To compare the two schools, look at each of the school report card links to the right.  Especially look at the number of suspensions, police department incidents (which is VERY underreported), and the precent meeting grade level in mathematics, all on page two of each report.  Frank Sinatra is only 4 years old though, so its data will vary a lot more, but admissions are based on an audition and previous academic records.   Also, instead of teaching Freshmen, I will be teaching Sophomores and Seniors.. YAY!  I am just all around excited.   I will leave it at this for now, since in September every blog entry will be something about my work, Im sure.