Testing has taken its toll on the students. Fortunately we are a little more progressive than most public schools. We were able to reward our students by taking them to a river where we rock hop and swim. The weather has been opressive today, around 95 degrees. Yesterday was a record high for the month of April. Fortunately the kids don't moan about the weather much. I like it.   On the hike down to the water hole on the river one of the students was very scared and concerned about every little thing. It took her around twenty minutes to get down, whereas others took ten minutes. Heck, by the time she got down it was time for us to leave, almost... Anyway, on the way back up, she started to complain and cry about wanting water, and then she refused to move, sitting there on the trail in the full sun light. Thirteen years old and using techniques which are more suite to a six year old. This one is definitely placed appropriately at our school.   Down at the river there was a local girl, looked about 15. She had her dog and a can of beer. Since she is what I call a random, I had to be careful to monitor the interactions between her and our students. Some of our students swarmed around her. She was cool.... not. But she was in a bikini top, which instantly attracted attention from some of our pubic boys. Listening to her was very interesting, as she turned out to be pretty intelligent. She was telling the students all sorts of stuff about the water, and the creatures in it. etc..    Our students get angry or frustrated at school and they say fuck this place it sucks, worst school ever, shit, hell, blah blah blah. Truth is, its the best place a lot of them have been. Anyway, the girl at the river tells me that she thinks our school is awsome for taking the kids to the river. " my school never took us" to the water, she says. Most of the kids heard that, which is far more powerful for them to hear from a "peer."    So, what I thought to possibly turn out to be a tough situation, turned out fine.  More testing tomorrow. Actually, for most of the students it has turned into a creative bubble filling exercise.  Peace, Dave