I admit that I might be a little over-excited about this corporatization of journalism thing. Whatevs. At least I'm excited about something, which is more than can be said for most of America.  ("Oooh, there's a new reality show on tonight called 'Growing Up Gotti'!" or "Can you believe there's another magazine coming out devoted entirely to my craven consumerism?" seems to be the epitome of conversation these days among my fellow transit-takers.)  But I digress. I found this in the Archives of the Binghamton Press and Sun Bulletin from July 31. The link follows below, but I have included the whole editorial here. Hope nobody gets too mad about legal nonsense such as publishing rights. Journalism is dead, remember?   Network television tunes out conventions   "During the 1968 Democratic National Convention, demonstrators chanted 'the whole world is watching.' It was a politically charged time when America was involved in a war that many questioned.  "Fast-forward to 2004's Democratic National Convention. America's again in a war. But this one is being fought on many fronts: Afghanistan, Iraq and wherever terrorists gather. The country is again polarized about our involvement. But is the 'whole world watching?'  "Apparently not. At a time when choices made by our government in response to the threat of terror or on many, critical domestic issues are being debated, prime time network TV tuned out much of the convention in favor of reality TV leftovers. Score: capitalism 1; democracy 0. The major networks seem to assume that most households have access to cable TV where they can watch all news networks or even better, C-SPAN's pundit-free, gavel-to-gavel coverage. That's not always the case, and their selective screening of the convention left out Tuesday's convention lineup. That choice shut off the voice of a promising political star, Illinois state Sen. Barack Obama -- who delivered a speech many considered on par with or better than former President Clinton's.  "This is a perfect example of how public television fills a necessary void in America's communications industry. Those without cable are usually able to access public television. PBS provided live prime-time coverage all week. Public broadcasting obviously likes to celebrate the fact we live in a democracy.  "Should TV only be about ratings (and income)? Apparently the major networks think so. The whole world is watching, though, and won't soon forget where their priorities lie."   urlLink http://nl.newsbank.com/nl-search/we/Archives?p_action=doc&p_docid=1043F1B0F2996A0C&p_docnum=1&p_theme=gannett&s_site=pressconnects&p_product=BPSB