I feel I'm still playing catch up on this blog.  I'm even going to go into whatever else happened last week.  I did end up watching the Academy awards and LOTR did really well.  In fact they just completely mopped up.  Also of note, on Monday night I was out with a crew of people.  Our numbers dwindled until is was Tim, Caleb and myself.  Tim in true giver fashion went and rounded up some more people from TC and brought them to The Pulse.  They turned out to all be LIKE teachers.  Peter, Carrie and a new girl named Kimmy.  This was a lot of fun.  Eventually the girls left and we started talking about all kinds of crazy nerdy things which really made my night.   This weekend has been pretty good.  Friday I was out with Gyeh-son.  We had a few drinks and watched a movie in a DVD room and then hit up Bellagio for some drinks.  We saw some strange movie called "what if you were me" or something to that effect.  It was a collection of six short films.  I would say they were along the lines of too much conecpt not enough content.  Either way, it was interesting but that was about all.  Thanks go out to Asma.  The DVD room card you gave me let me get a free movie this time around, A-Ssaa.  Bellagio was same as usual.  While there I got a phone call from my buddy Brad.  Turns out this was his last night in Korea.  So I sent Gyeh-son home and then tracked him down.  I finally found him at Phunkaholic hammered out of his mind.  While there I started talking to the owner of the bar, this dude named Pierre Dion.  So I met this guy last year, and when I say last year I mean Nov. 02, up in Seoul.  And the only reason I remember him is that he was from Daegu also.  He actually gave me his business card I think.  Anyway so we started chatting and he remembered me too so he hooked me up with a free drink.  We got out of there and headed to get some food.  We at BBQ at the all night BBQ place and then said farewell.  He was a cool guy, I wish I could have hung out more with him.  Ok I'm going to look for another quiz.