Pleh. Why's Becca so unhappy? :(. I wish on her all of the friends in the world to keep her the happiest that she can ever be, but she isn't. And whether or not she has those friends (and I'm more than willing to bet she does,) the fact that she is unhappy makes me sadder than anything else :(. Anyhoow... I realised that I haven't written anything on here for a good week now - and realised that I ought to blog as much as possible tonight so that I do get to blog before saturday. Meh - I'll run through day by day, if I can remember anything. Thursday: Covered in my last blog. Friday: Went Kayaking, that was reasonably fun. Got a bit less far than we did the week before upstream (we probably go about 100 metres upstream in all, as we're supposed to keep together in a group. Darren was with us as well, kayaking along behind trying to splash Patrick as much as possible. Afterwards we had to load all of the Kayaks and associated equipment into the trailer that we had brought along for the trip so that  they could all woosh off to the Year 8 residential that is... somewhere in south Wales. It was extremely good when I went :). It'd be good to try and steal a trip "helping out" next year or something, claiming that experience as a Scout may be beneficial ;). Anyhoow... On Friday evening I packed up and went off to the Sun Run! After being shouted at by mum that is, because I should "Never do this to her again". I presume she was reffering to the rush job of organising transport and packing etc. Never mind now eh? Anyhow, me and Mark, Simon and Jamie all went off, got to the site and parked up, dragging our bags along with us etc. We then hit the first problem of the evening, that being that we didn't have the slightest clue where we should go where we could put down our bags. We searched for quite a long time trying to find Axel (he's our leader) but he was quite literally nowhere to be seen  -the problem compounded by the fact that it was a campsite with probably about 1000 people on it at the time, and that we weren't even sure if he had arrived on the site yet or not. However, after looking at a tent for a small amount of time, wondering if it was his, and seeing Trident's camping area, he eventually emerged from the tent that we had spent some time studying. We set up our tents, after Axel wondered briefly quite why Mark was there in the first place, and generally settled in and wandered around getting used to the layout. About one of the first things that we did was wonder over to the Trident area and see one of our leaders who is currently not helping at all (he's got a broken ankle or something,) and be offered a pint of whatever we wanted at the bar at half 8 (he was probably so far gone that he probably hadn't realised that it was already gone 9 ;)). He even offered it to me - despite not recogniseing me and reffering to me for sometime as "Random Kid," which I thought was oddly apt... Anyhoow... went down to the bar and disco, they had a band called the  urlLink Chip Shop Boys  there that played a number of covers for some really quite good songs. There was a really good atmosphere as well, though I just kept wishing that Becca was there so that we could just stand and dance together as close as possible. Meh. Somehow I got pulled, near the end, into dancing in some loose circle by a few girls, which was annoying - being dragged around like that. Apparently because I was standing all alone. "You don't get asked by 7 girls to dance and then not do so" is what was said...  Anyhow, that was Friday, other than the incident where I nearly burnt the whole campsite down by paniking slightly when a bit of split meths around the burner bit of the trangia caught fire, and then I spilt it, and the ground was alight, and the meths on the ground and... ahh! I don't know how I got it out, had something to do with a saucepan methinks.  Saturady there were an number of activity things, all for free! I went on the theme park spinny ride thing that they had there about 3 or 4 times. Fleur went on it 10! That was mad, I thought, but... meh. Yes - Fleur and James Isbell were there, though we were all shocked to discover that we all knew Simon... I cut my kneww open on the "bungee run" thing that they had there as well, which I thought odd on the basis that its a big, inflatable soft thing. I won ;). THe main bit was the actual Sun  run  itself, though we were wimps and did the 13 mile Moon run rather than it's 26 mile big brother. It was quite fun really, kept eating, kept up, kept chatting. We talked to this little old woman for a while and... just walked. We managed to run about the last mile or so though, just when it was getting dark :). We completed it in a grand time of 3 hours 4 minutes, though it was officially 8 minutes, but the computers broke. Finished it at about half 10, got offered another pint, though this time rather than straight declineing, me and Simon asked for a Coke instead. Went to bed... not much mroe to tell. We werea botu 75/6/7 to finish the Moon Run. James and Fleur did rather amazingly in finishing the Sun Run in about the same position, with a time of 7 and a half hours (me and Simon stayed up till then for some reason, lying by a bin in a field in our sleeping bags keeping warm, waiting for them). Well done them.  I'd say stomehthing more, but nothing happened.  NAGTY Student Council meeting tomorrow! Wooh! Have a nice weekend all :)