The reading of post weekend blogs is quite a treat b/c everyone updates and usually has some cool stuff to say.  First and Foremost I'm about to go nuts if I stay around LIKE any longer.  I'm glad Becky and understand.  This week they see it fit to work my roommate much less than me.  By much less I mean to the tune of 2 hours and 15 minutes.  I know this doesn't sound like much but this is three classes and I want to get off of work early or go in late.  Now here is where I really get mad.  After I bring this up to my manager he can't do anything.  He first hits me with every excuse in the book which I shoot down as soon as he has them and then he can't explain to my why it's me getting dicked over.  Anyway I'm just to the point of not caring.  Worst yet I'm only asking for what is fair so why is it such a big deal.  My manager is completely inept.  I'm not sure he, or any other managers at LIKE for that matter, do anything.  Every little decision must be run by Mr. or Mrs. Kim.  Then of course when you talk to them they have no clue what the hell is going on.  Ugh, these people have no clue.  There is a slight chance they could stumble upon this page but at this point it doesn't matter.  They need to know there are serious problems with their business and this is why so many kids are leaving.  But I guess kids leaving isn't that bad b/c that means less work for me, in theory at least.   On a separate rant the material we use is total and utter crap.  This has been bothering me for a while but it all came to head when I had to teach English through pictures at Sigi last week.  Ok this has to be the worst EVER!  Allow me to explain.  The idea is that there is a picture, a story to go with it, and then question and discussion about it.  Well sounds like a good idea.  I would love to know who wrote the stories for these pictures b/c they make no sense.  I think it was meant as a joke but somehow the Kim's didn't catch it and it got published.  The picture I had to teach was one of a woman standing in front of a river waving.  The story said that she claimed to be the fairy of the river and that she was going to jump into the river do a magic trick and then swim away.  What the fuck?  Better yet there is a little girl who is looking at the women in picture and the story later explain that the girl thought the women was weird and crazy.  For the love of God I can't believe I have to teach kids this shit.  I would have taken these kids on a field trip but Asma had done it the previous class.  Ok I need to stop talking about LIKE before I break something.  How was I ever happy with this company?  Really I wonder. Well the weekend was cool.  I ended up out really late and at GR on Friday night.  I also dipped into FE again and this time it was pretty happening.  Last time I was there they didn't have half the stuff on the menu.  Saturday was a good night too.  I ended up meeting Hey-Sook first.  We went shopping for a bit.  I had a hat that was gift from my b-day that need to be exchanged at EXR so we went there to see what there was to see.  As it turns out there wasn't much to see.  Really the clothes there were so ugly and expensive it wasn't funny.  I can deal with ugly clothes, or expensive clothes, but when you have to pay a lot of money for clothes that look bad, that just ain't good.  Well I finally found one shirt that wasn't too bad and made do with it.  Instead of a bag they gave me a box to carry it around in.  This made for a great conversation piece as many people asked about it.  I'm not sure who but someone suggest I just stuff the shirt in my bag.  Really I should have done this but I just couldn't bother at the time.  Korea in general has problems with clothes.  I think I should call E and suggest having a fashion emergency series in Korea.  I think it might do some good.  We ended up eating raw fish at this really popular restaurant.  It  wasn't too bad.  She likes to drink soju so I enjoy drinking with her.  We then migrated to TC to say hello to the crew.  It was Eilleen's and Peter's birthdays so that made for fun.  There was an icecream cake provided by Asma I think and I partook a little in that.  I love icecream cakes.  After that she and I ended up in Bellagio.  We were joined shortly after by Caleb and Meabh.  This was good fun.  We drank and then they headed off to GR I think.  I never ended up catching up, but I did try, more on that later.  After Bellagio, damnit I can't remember.  I wasn't that plastered but I just can't figure it out right now.  I'll think of it later.  At some point she was tired and went home.  I think tried to call some people and see what was going on but everyone had called it a night early.  So I think went home.  Hate carrying my bag around with me downtown.  I think I'm going to stop doing that from now on.   Sunday was tame.  I met up with Hey-sook and we saw Paycheck.  The movie wasn't really that good but the plot was interesting and it had a couple of cool ideas in it.  We ate at the greatest restaurant in all of Korea and then got coffee.  I shared this sight with her.  I'm not sure if this was a good idea or not, but I guess time will tell.  I'd like to think I have nothing to hide.   I think the plan is for guys night this Friday.  I'll be calling people to motivate them this week.  I was a little disappointed last time I tried to organize it as it almost fell flat but I'll give it another shot.  It is good to just hang out with the boys and shoot the shit and have fun.  I'm hoping for a turn out of 5 or 6.   I'm hungry.  I had a big ass lunch.  I was cooking food after having gone to the store.  But while waiting I just had to have a bowl of Oreo cereal.  Then one bowl turned into two.  This along with the tuna rice I ate made me very full.  I wish there was more variety of food in Korea.   I'm just in a mood to complain.  My house is a dump.  We have a leak in one of the walls.  What else do I need to get out?  Really I think blogging helps to relieve frustration.  Ok time to track down some food.   Well not yet.  There is a little more I'd like to write about.  I love getting e-mails from people I haven't talked to in forever completely out of the blue.  This happend twice over today.  First was my cousin Jenny who live in California.  She has always been really cool but we haven't been close do to difference in age and location.  Anyway it was really thoughtful of her to e-mail me and makes me wonder why I hadn't done so a long time ago.  Next my friend Trey shot me a line.  I've known this guy forever and it turns out he'll be asia in late March and might make it over to Korea.  I think he's going to marry a Japanese chick so he'll be going to Japan to meet the rents I think.  I haven't seen him in longer than I can remember but somehow we managed to keep in touch.  God bless e-mail.