Molly Ivins was asked about how Democrats had managed to lose the culture war.  What is the nature of this singular inability of Democratic rhetoric to create new forms or reach compromises capable of winning larger voting pools?  The liberal consensus (at least among my dear and educated friends) seems to be: these people are stupid and ignorant, they have selfish values or are in the sway of cults, if say things to woo them we will ultimately compromise our values.  Of course this is not the issue – the issue is figuring out how to speak in the same soundbites as Republicans, with efficient plug, actually taking the –real- issues (how the Republicans have effectively dismantled the education, welfare, health, and employment system) into the same forcefulness that Bush has.  Bush on NPR this morning on his judicial appointees: “This isn’t right, and it isn’t fair.”  Now there’s a loaded sentence.  But the plug!  A total non-issue!  The conviction of a four-year-old!  So Ivins was talking about Gingrich circulating a list of ten adjectives that he suggested Republicans use against democrats, including most notably “godless,” “anti-family,” and “bizarre.”  It was a great list.  Imagine the efficiency of every Republican speaking with a coherent agenda, painting a coherent picture of a disabled other party, which the other party never refutes.    I asked our friends what an equivalent list would be for Republicans.  Their answers are telling: “zealots.”  “money-grubbing.” “elitist.” “corporate pigs.”  Is this the year 1962?  Do you or I or anyone else after the class of 1990 really have a coherent vision of what a “money grubbing corporate pig” is?  Or is the left any clearer of charges of “zeal” and “elitism”?  It seems more like the kind of phrase that good humor lampoons.    I’ve been thinking about this all night.  Efficiency of communication is a wonderful thing.  Recognizing that the American middle trusts a rhetoric of prayer to indicate a posture that a political candidate believes in an internal life is an important thing.  Quickly striking up an emotion, telling a story without good reasoning, reeducating the masses about history. So important, before the lack of an education system in America makes the divide between who gets the whole story in politics and who doesn’t becomes any worse.  My revised list:   “hyper-emotional” “anti-education.” “militant” “truth-disabled” “unfair.” “spin-masters.”  It is, after all, as if the educated are waging a war against the clever voted in by the uneducated.   And yet the educated aren’t clever enough to figure out how to undo it.