My friend Graham and I went out for breakfast today at the rather excellent Cafe in the Park.  Afterwards we walked out along the Porter Brook for a little and found the  urlLink Shepherd's Wheel.  The wheel is a water-powered grinding wheel in operation from the 1500s to the 1930s.  It was typical of a number of early industrial sites from around Sheffield.  During the 18th Century the Wheel employed 10 or so cutlery grinders along with apprentices who would polished the cutlery and learn from the grindsmen with them.  We were told that many of the workers were related and would bring their families to the site.   urlLink     urlLink     The wheel was built from local materials and was entirely reliant on the environment around it.  Power came from the Porter Brook and the workers were warmed by wood from the forest.  Stone for the building and the wheels would come from nearby Derbyshire.  When it was built England was transitioning from subsitance work to more industrialised, less sustainable ways of production.  For 400 years cultery grinders worked there until the mill was moved in the 1930s.   urlLink     urlLink     There were a number of such wheels along the Porter and other Rivers in Sheffield.  It was these small scale, family sized, operations that helped transform this area from a collection of towns and villages into the powerful industrial city it became.  These few grinders in their small, sustainable, mill transformed a city.  I found the site fascinating in itself but also saw parallels with the story I'm part of.  It reminded me of the kind of  urlLink small, creative, mission communities  some of us are participating in.  Little communities, close to the culture and driven by God's spirit.  Maybe in we could change our communities too.  After all, the mission of Christ began with 12.  The site is run by  urlLink Sheffield Industrial Museums Trust , they are trying to raise money to get it operational again.  It is open the last Sunday of every month until October.