Actually winter has been upon us for atleast 30 days if not longer.  Temperatures have gotten down to 26 degrees thus far and last night they were forcasting feezing rain and sleet.  Luckily for us the ground temperatures were at 44 degrees so the rain we got did not stick and freeze.  Schools out in Orangeburg County close as well as technical colleges but Charleston County, Berkeley County and Dorchester County schools are open for business as usual.  I cant tell you how disappointed the rug rats were this morning when we opened the door and pointed the way to the school bus.    I had a day off yesterday for the first time in two weeks.  Wahooooo!  I was bummed out a bit about stuff and so I decided I would not spend my day depressed in the cold.  I still spent the day in cold temperatures but since I had already borrowed the commercial pressure washer from a friend of mine I bundled up into four layers of clothing and washed the green slime off of our trailer.  I managed to get 2 layers of the clothing soaking wet and after 2.5 hours of FUN the trailer turned from green to light grey again.  It really looks so much nicer clean.  LOL....  I finished washing the trailer on the front side and no sooner had I put everything up and changed clothes did it start to sprinkle.  I was surprised by UPS arriving with a package for me.  Inside I found two packages of French Vanilla coffee.  Yum Yum... What a treat that was.  Then the rain REALLY started coming down.  Yuk and double Yuk.... The second WONDERFUL event yesterday that helped to beat off depression is that two of my FRIENDS worked out a deal where I could get a Compaq Ipaq Pocket PC with tons of accessories to go with it for the incredible price of 120.00.  I would imagine that with all of the goodies and the Pocket PC that I would have had to pay around 350.00 to 400.00 for everything.  Thanks to my friends I will have this newest TOY in the next day or two and I did not have to pay for it.  Wahoooooo.  What the heck IS a Pocket PC you might ask?  A pocket PC has an operating system just like your computer does and even though it is no where near as powerful as the computer I am typing on it does have the ability to run Pocket PC versions of Microsoft Office applications which means you can put some of your more important Microsoft Word , Excel, powerpoint documents on your Pocket PC and view them.  You can also read Microsoft Reader Ebooks, view jpg images etc.  There is a ton of stuff you can do with the device such as synchronize your MS Outlook contacts and email.  My friend Patty uses a Sony Clie PDA which enables here to carry PDR type information on it for quick reference at the hospital.     Bowling.  Gosh, I did not do that well last night.  I bowled a 130 average over all which means I did ok since my over all league average is 130.  Maggie came out with an attitude last night after several weeks of doing badly and bowled an average of around a 155.  We wound up  losing  3 and winning one which was not too cool since we recently wound up in 3rd place out of 22 teams.  We were 8 games out of 1st place so we have a LOT of work to do to catch up to them.  The league does not end until April so we have plenty of time to catch up.  I am sure after last nights performance we probably dropped a spot or two.