I'm training for the  urlLink 2005 Mardi Gras Marathon , which will take place on February 27, 2005 in New Orleans. From September until February 2005, I'll be logging nearly 500 miles in this six-month training program put on by the  urlLink National AIDS Marathon Training Program .   I'm doing this for two reasons:   (1) To support the  urlLink San Francisco Aids Foundation . I was astounded to learn that approximately 1 in every 50 San Franciscans is living with HIV/AIDS. That's right, 1 in 50. Your donations will support HIV services and prevention programs in Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties - to help keep people alive until there's a cure. A portion of the funds will also support treatment access in the developing world.   (2) To get in shape - something that hasn't been the case for all too long.   If I haven't convinced you to get out your debit or credit cards yet, you might, in the end, just like to donate in order to indulge in a bit of  schadenfreude . Many of you are aware how hard it is for me to get up before noon - I mean, uh, early in the morning. So, you might be tickled to know that your donation will, indirectly, ensure that  I get up and run a couple of miles at the crack of dawn every weekend for the next 6 months  or so - not to mention the shinsplints, blisters and other aches and pains I will incur along the way.    urlLink So choose your cause and donate now ! I've made  a personal commitment to raise at least $3,000  by Friday, November 26, 2004 - and I hope to raise even more. Any contribution you can make would mean a great deal to me (and I do mean  any  - a fellow  urlLink grad student  has already promised to donate $5, and you should all know that $5 in discretionary spending is, in fact, a significant sum for us impoverished grad students). More importantly, your  tax-deductible contribution  will make a huge difference in the lives of thousands of people living with  urlLink AIDS .   Thanks for your generous support. And don't forget to email this page to all your friends and family and badger them to donate. And have their friends and family donate. And why not ask your employer for a matching contribution (seriously, most companies will do this)?  Stay healthy and happy.    Best,  Jeff