Am I lame for spending the last 2 hours working on my iTunes organization? I'm revamping the system I have going. For awhile I was trying to make the genres more specific. Instead of the generic Alternative/Punk defult that usually pops up when I import my CDs, I made them Indie Rock, Indie Pop, Punk, etc etc etc. Then I decided I wanted to be even more specific, adding things like Indie Singer/Songwriter, Riot Grrrl, and Indie Post Punk Revivial. It was becoming quite cluttered with over 70 (yes 70) different genres (there were also some genres that were essentially the same thing but I hadn't cleaned up like rap, hip/hop rap, hip hop).   I then realized, through the helpful advice of PhiLL who was doing a good job helping me come up with good genres, that I was really thinking more along the lines of styles or sub genres. I decided to then to go back and change all my genres to basics, and then add an additional column of "grouping" which includes my sub-genres. Much of this project has involved the helpful world of  urlLink All Music.com , which has provided me with most of my sub-genre groupings.  So far my basic genres are: Rock, Indie, Classic Rock, Hip-Hop/Rap, R&B. Pop, Vocal, Instrumental, Country, Jazz, and Classical. I have over 40 sub genres so far. I had them all listed out here, but then I erased the list given that it just highlights the extent of my dorkiness.   The next step in the grand iTunes reorganization is to create smart playlists based on these sub genres. I've been trying to think of clever titles for my smart playlists, but since I am not all that clever I think they are just amusing to me. "Umm, I don't listen to main stream music" is the title of my indie playlist. "If I were doing drugs I'd be listening to this" is the name of my ambient pop/neo-psychedelia/prog-rock/psychadelic/post-rock experimental playlist. I'm struggling with the name for my folk rock/alternative country/ lo fi/ singer-songwriter list. Right now its "Play your accoustic guitar white boy" but I don't know how I feel about that.  All of this is to say that I am a big lame dork. And now you know too, in case there was any question.  urlLink  postCount('109141691748714795');