Friday evening was a great evening for a concert in Noblesville. The sky grew shaded in colors as we watched Dominic Miller (Sting’s Guitar Player) come out and play to open the show before Annie Lennox. The forcast initially called for rain, but as the date neared, it became obvious that that would not be the case.   Dominic played some great tunes, and Sting even came out and sang Shape Of My Heart with him, because they co wrote it. He let us know he was going to watch the Annie Lennox show, and then meet out on the right of the stage to sign autographs.   Annie came out, and played a very excellent set. I’m not a fan, but her songs were not only compelling, but were very enjoyable power pop songs, with some soul thrown in. I very much dug her white, English (I think), brand of spirituals and soul. I think I’d like to listen to some of her music more.   As her set ended, I was able to make it over to meet Dominic, and have him sign a copy of his new album, Shapes. It’s all reworkings of classical music, a lot of Bach. Guests on the album include: Sting, Placido Domingo, Chris Botti…  He was a nice guy, and I felt good being able to thank him for playing earlier, and that he did a great job. Another brick in the façade of celebrity torn down!  Sting played a pretty good set. I have to admit…I was disappointed. I enjoyed moments of the show, and it was worth seeing. During the entire set I was on a rollercoaster of highs and lows.   Highs: Hearing some of the songs live never gets old. Great lights show and use of video screens that move in the back of the stage. High energy on the songs. Incredible visuals on “This War” in particular. 1940 cartoonish airplanes and billboards. And when Annie Lennox came out and did a duet on "We'll Be Together", that was very cool.   Lows: Use of elements of 3 different U2 tours. Wow. U2 will always be higher in my book, and this just proved it. No slam on Sting, and in fact more of a praise of U2 that even now, after their last three tours someone could “borrow” from elements of their tours.   Less of a cohesive concert than others I’ve seen. The songs didn’t seem to gel together, so much as last too long, go to short, or not flow together as a whole of a concert.   The video screens very often, but most specifically during “Sacred Love” had sensual images for extended periods of time. I don't mean to say it was bad but having it going on and on was overkill. What could have been done in good taste and referencing the song was instead too much. After that, I wanted so much to the show second chances, but it seemed everytime something else that was a high came, a bit later would come another low.   Over all, I enjoyed hearing and seeing him, but felt that Sting was not necessarily putting his best foot forward. I will continue to listen to his music, and enjoy it, but I may not rush to see him live again. When I hear from Jenn Swift, I will probably include some of her critique here as well.