What are you, a mook?   Well, that depends on what a mook is.  A lot of people have been calling me a mook lately, so I decided it was time to find out what the word means.  Even before I looked all this up, I knew that a mook, alas, is not the same thing as a  urlLink moock .  No one would have any reason to call me a gravel-toned singer in the country-blues tradition, though if they had, I wouldn't have minded.  Also before I looked this up, Scott offered the explanation that people (him included) call me a mook because the term refers to a  urlLink large Italian  with some sort of authority.  I may be a large Italian, but I ain't no boss.  That, and as far as I know from   Mean Streets  , calling someone a mook can result in a  urlLink brawl  (even if they are a large Italian, and yes, even if they have some sort of authority.)  Even if the term is applied sarcastically, like, "What are you supposed to be, a large Italian with some sort of authority?"  It doesn't seem worthy of a passionate rage.    So I turned to the internet.  The answer, unfortunately, is pretty disappointing.  To quote  urlLink The Word Detective    :   One dictionary that does deal with "mook" is the recently published Volume Two of the excellent Random House Historical Dictionary of American Slang (which I will call "HDAS" to save space). According to HDAS, "mook" means "an ineffectual, foolish, or contemptible person," so your definition is certainly in the ballpark. The earliest citation HDAS lists is from 1930.   As to the origin of "mook," HDAS ventures that it is probably a variation on "moke," a slang term dating back to the middle of the 19th century. "Moke" means several things: originally, it was a slang and dialect term in England for a donkey, but it has also been used as a term of contempt for a Black person or any dark-skinned person. But "moke" has also been used since at least 1855 to mean "a foolish or inconsequential person," which certainly ties it to "mook." Unfortunately, no one has any clear idea of where "moke" came from. So I guess we'll both just have to keep digging.   Finally, a racial epithet that applies to both African-Americans  and  Italians.  Though it apparently hasn't had racial connotations for almost a hundred and fifty years.  I guess I'll have to settle for being inconsequential (and/or foolish).