DEFINTION: a best friend is someone who can make your day a million times better by something as simple as calling you up to commisserate about stress for 15 minutes  OBSERVATION:... in follow up to the entry a few weeks ago about having the same enya song on for an hour and a half without noticing, and to yesterday's entry about rhythm... an observation i just emailed to eric: ~~~~~~~~~ just put in my enya CD and remembered my story from last time i had it in...   observation: repetition doesn't register quickly with me...  if finding measures is about finding periodicity, maybe that's another reason why i have a hard time seeing exactly what you're saying about rhythm stuff:  because audio-oriented periodicity/repetition seems to take awhile to register in my head.  end of thought ~~~~~~~~~  RECAP: my day... (as if you should expect anything new besides "i have lots of math to do and little time to sleep") last night i was tired of math so i read for a little (i wish i had time to just sit down and read from where i am (halfway through) to the end of  the house on the strand , but alas i just get a chapter in here and there), and then went to sleep by 11:30pm... woke up early, did laundry and some general cleaning around here... worked a LOT on graph theory and solved ONE problem.,.. (7 more to go... it's gonna be a looong week)... analysis 2:50-4:10, extra graph theory class 4:30-5:50, then went to eric's for a quick dinner before i had to drive him to his band concert... he was off in another world, but we made quality spaghetti with fresh portabellos in the sauce =)...   drove eric to his concert, and colleen eventually came and sat with me... they played some interesting stuff... the strangest piece was called "armies of the omnipresent otserf", where at parts there was no rhythm, but just the conductor cuing in various sound effects one at a time... parts where most of the band members were chanting in made up words... at one part, where it just sounded like them all yelling nonsense, eric explained the score actually said for them all to yell out their full name and phone number... it made for some interesting audio effects... and was pretty cool... another song was kinda a themesong for one of the characters from lord of the rings... my favorite piece though was called sleep... the composer wrote it for her parents who died a few weeks apart, and wanted to put it together with a robert frost poem, but couldn't get permission to use the words in performance... nonetheless it was a really cool piece...  anyhow, end of concert... i think it's end of semester stress all around, but like eric and me argued halfway to the concert and half of the time on the way back... not fighting, but like bickering over retarded things, like the radio dial and who saw what star in the sky on the way to the car, and stuff like that... i think everyone just needs a break... this week is pretty intense all around... which leads into...  PREDICTION: this isn't a prediction per se, but another observation... last semester when we all finished up, people were around for a bit after our finals were done and hung out... now, this semester, our last final is on monday 5/10... people have all changed their flights, etc., so that half of my math people leave town on tuesday 5/11, and the other half on wednesday 5/12.... even the people who were going to be around longer moved flights in the last week... no one's coming back until nearly the start of june... it's like we all just need a break: from math, from stress, from people, etc.  it's interesting... while on one hand, we've all bonded that we'll all be living in a guy math house and a girl math house next year, we've all kinda reached our tension limits in the last bit too... this summer's going to be interesting people-dynamics wise... colleen, scott, and sometimes john, and me will be the only ones still in town... other people will be home for most of the summer, and even those of us near each other have very different plans for what to do with ourselves... just incredibly curious as to how people dynamics will work next fall.  ok, now, back to homework for a bit... joy.  night y'all.