Well, go figure, I am the only person with zero plans this summer.  Except for my zoo trip on the 22nd and my Carowinds trip on the 24th, I'm not going anywhere.  Meanwhile, Jonathan is in Texas visiting his fam., and Caitlin left this morning for a mission trip to Guatemala.  Jonathan will be back Thursday night, and Caitlin won't be back until the 21st, I think... I don't know, it's a two week trip.  Oh yeah, I'm going to camp this summer with the youth group at church, that's the 14th through the 18th.  So as far as that goes June's not too bad, but July will definately suck.  Jonathan ships out on the 27th for boot camp in Illinois, for the Navy.  When he first made the decision, we were still dating and it really freaked me out.  I was so scared to lose him.  Now that we've broken up, well, I'm still scared to lose him, but now that we're best friends, I understand that I don't have much choice, and I've learned to let go ... to a certain extent.  I'm still trying.  He has faith in me, now all I have to do is learn to have faith in myself.  I always get the feeling that Jonathan is the only one that has faith in me.  Dad is always reminding me that the messes I'm in are messes I've set myself up for.  It's harsh and it hurts.  Somehow, Jonathan finds a way to tell me that I set myself up without coming off so frickin harsh.  Caitlin only seems to want to spend time with me when Jonathan is around, and only, it seems, in an effort to keep me away from him.  If it's not her way, she doesn't want to have to deal with it.  Her attitude is starting to seriously bother me and it's getting to a point where I'm not afraid to tell her to her face.  Too bad I'll have to wait for her to come back from Guatemala to tell her that.  My parents are watching something about WWII on the History channel, pretty disturbing stuff.  I hate thinking about this stuff, but the thing is, it happened, and as an American, I feel the need to know these things.  We can learn from the past mistakes and it needs to be remembered as graphically as it was.  If not, it doesn't have the impact it should.  Men got their legs blown off, women and children were gased and burnt in furnaces by the hundreds and to our generation it's nothing but words, nothing but old stories that don't seem to mean anything.  Well more later  Much Luvn