Be warned blog fans, I'm not in the chirpiest of moods today but I feel impelled to write a post anyway as I've managed to get on the Internet dans la bibliotheque and it's pretty quiet so I ought to be able to concentrate enough to bang out some of my thoughts.   Right, first of all, the evil mood.  I recognise this feeling.  It normally starts first thing in the morning with an aching, sinking feeling in my stomach and it kind of spreads up my chest to my throat which aches a lot too, the way it does when you're forced to swallow down your real feelings.  This, The Homecoming fans, is something that I've become an expert at over the years.  Now The Feeling isn't just physical.  It's accompanied by the continual snipings of my very own internal critic which cunningly chooses a day like this when I'm not feeling on top form to sneak out of his dark hairy hole and have some fun tormenting me.  It's paralysing and it's really, really hard to fight back against.  When I'm in a mood like this I genuinely believe (or at least part of me does) that I'm a failure, 25 and stuck at home in Yarmouth, what have you been doing with your life, says the Censor, you thought you'd escaped here when you went off to Cambridge, well, what a fat waste of time that proved to be, hasn't got you anywhere has it - might as well accept that you'll be stuck in some boring job you can't stand for the next 20, 30 years, living on your own and twisted up with bitterness about all the things you wished you'd done but never got around to.  It's no wonder I feel so tired all the time.   My deep dark secret is of course that secretly, I always did know what I wanted to do with my life and I always have and I've spent the last 8, 9, 10 years ignoring this wish or devising ingenious ways to get out of putting myself to the acid test.  No wonder I feel pissed off.   I get discouraged so easily.  I tried to write yesterday, but what happened is what always happens - I force myself to sit down and write two or three sides of A4 of whatever, anything, ideas, character sketches, anything, just to keep my bloody hand moving - and then I lose my temper with it all, fail to complete anything, fail all round.  I know I'm being hard on myself, but sometimes I feel like the gifted kid who never really lived up to her original promise - and before you mention it, no, M.E doesn't count because as far as the Censor is concerned, that wasn't a  real illness,  not something you could see or measure like a broken arm and anyway, if I'd rested more, if I'd been kinder to myself then I would have got better a lot faster so really if you analyse the situation properly I've brought it all on myself.   That, dear readers, is just a quick blast of what I have to listen to inside my head almost every single day.  Now I haven't written this on here because I want you all to go 'There, there Lisette, you're being too hard on myself (yes, I know that, but old habits die hard and it's easier said than done to break old patterns of behaviour)' but because, well, this is just the way I feel sometimes.  It's like a war inside me.  I used to think it was to do with Home and the bad old days before I managed to get away, but now that's all resolved I can't blame it on my family anymore.  It's just a bad, bad habit, the way some people bit their nails.  Or then again perhaps I'm just on a downer because this is an in-between time - back in England but jobless and away from my friends and undergoing another period of weird inertia. I think it helps to get some of this off my chest although I hate the thought that I might be indulging in navel-gazing and boring the pants of my tolerant mates with whingeing.   I hate the feeling too that I'm going around in circles - Toulouse, Paris and now here - trying to find a place where I can create the circumstances which would allow me to be happy. I don't regret my decision to come back though - not for a micro-second.  It's just frustrating that it seems to be taking so long for my new life to get started.  Hmm, do I feel any better now?  Not much.  At least I'm off to London again next week which ought to perk me up a bit.  And who knows, I might get a response from some of the applications I've been beavering away on this week.  I have to do something about the attitude I have towards myself though and I don't know what.  Enough, for now.