(And now, the checklist continued - this is the cool stuff. You'll just have to wait till class for the links bar info, because as I mentioned, I haven't worked out how to post code cleanly yet.)    WEB COUNTERS:  Web counters measure how many people are visiting your site, how long they stay for, and also who they are. The blogger software doesn’t have a webcounter built in, so we have to get someone else to do it for us…   urlLink www.sitemeter.com  is a good starting place. Its free, and it works. Go to the site, and click “sign up”. Click through until asked to enter your blog address (eg.  urlLink www.eightshub.blogspot.com ), blog name (eg. The hub) and codename. DO NOT use a word you use as a password – this codename is public. My codename is “chickenchicken”.  Next you’ll be asked for basic, non-invasive information. Keep clicking through, and the program will send a password to your email address. Open up your email, copy the password, then back to sitemeter. You can now log in to site meter.  Once logged in, go to “manager” (on the menu bar). Scroll down to “adding site meter to your site”, click “instructions”, then scroll down to “adding site meter to a blogger or blogspot site”. From there, just enter your site details (and yes, I checked, its all safe), and it will put the meter on for you.   FINALLY… PICTURES!!  This is actually pretty easy. Posting pictures uses pretty much the same technology as messenger – and I know you know messenger.  Like the webcounter, you can only post pictures by using an external program. A free program is provided called “bloggerbot”, which is provided by “hello: picasa”. The difference here is that it’s a program, not just code, and you have to download and install it somewhere. By “somewhere” I mean “your home computer”. So guys – please do this at home. Do it at home or a) it’ll get very messy and b) Zoe will get into lots of trouble.  The easiest way to set this up is to go straight to hello. The address is  urlLink http://www.hello.com/how_bloggerbot_works.php . Read it, scroll to the bottom, and click “download now”. If people have trouble, I’ll post about it on the Hub.  Thanks everybody – we’re very close to having some very, very nice blogs up and running. Keep posting!