Some things, some people, prove so important to kids, and in the course of their everyday, mundane lives, they never know the impact they've made on the little ones they touch.         "Kenny is the sweetest kid!" I hear it everywhere I go! Especially from his teachers! Kenny is the kid every teacher wishes she could clone.  It all began during a parent-teacher coference in first grade when his over-fifty, experienced teacher gushed with tears in her eyes "I have to tell you, I just love Kenny!" And it was mutual. Kenny was so in-love with Mrs. Hotten that the love was transferred over to all things educational.  Every child should be blessed with a first grade teacher who so loves her job that the children in her class are sad to go to second grade! Working in the high school, I see plenty of students whose first grade teachers failed to realize the importance of experiencing "Henry and Mudge" or "Clifford the Big Red Dog."  Personally, I have two favorites: "Harold and the Purple Crayon" and anything with "Miss Spider" in it.  The illustrations in Miss Spider's books are so wonderfully created that the pages would be perfect for escaping into a fantasy.    Kenny's first love is fairly obvious to anyone who has the opportunity to visit with him for ...a nano-second. It is his guitars that make the boy's heart pound like the drums in a head-hunter movie. I know, I've heard them when I watched him walk into the Guitar Center.  He acquired this love of guitar through a music teacher who was donating his time at Kenny's elementary school when he was in the third grade.  The minute he picked up the guitar, you could tell it was love at first sight. The polished wood of the guitar seemed to glow under his little hands.  We purchased his first electric guitar for his ninth birthday: A BC Rich Warlock!  Okay, so it's a little extravagant for a nine-year old. We wanted him to be able to experience his dreams early to see if they would stick. Our neighbor bought him an amp (don't ask me, I don't know what kind.) to go with the guitar. Heaven for a ten year old boy is created with a nine year old girl, an 11 year old girl and two 13 year old boy standing on the sidewalk as Kenny played the Star Spangled Banner, ala Jimmy Hendrix. The girls squealed, which is, I think, today's equivalent of swooning, the boys' heads jerked like the spasms of dying birds, which I take to mean enthusiasm. And Kenny? Kenny flipped guitar picks like Rick Nelson from Cheap Trick. It was genius, pure genius! Thank you Jeff Bretz for offering the time . You'll never know what you did for him.   Lord, please bless all those teachers who heard your call, who make everyday an adventure for our children. Lord, to those who are discouraged, send a little blonde haired child who melts their hearts. To those who are tired, send a little red-haired child to make them laugh. To those who are hurting, send a little dark-haired child to encourage their hearts.  To those who have joy, please Lord, send my children. I thank you, In Jesus' name, Amen. GracieFairy's Mommy