I was playing No Limit Texas Hold 'Em over at  urlLink pokerroom.com  and I was doing great. i just won a hand that quadrupled my hand. I was ecstatic.  Of course there was a way to bring that down. Also over my shoulder on television was tonight's game between the Oakland Athletics and the New York Yankees. The game was 6-4 at the start of the 9th, then Octavio Dotel blew the save. I did not see what occurred, but I did hear what the commentators said.  Actually that is not exactly correct, I only heard some of the things they said. Anyone that is familiar with sabermetrics will know that whenever the Oakland Athletics do not completely destroy a team, the commentators will question why they do not play small ball. Now I do not have a problem with it. That is their opinion, and they can be wrong if they want to. But ESPN's telecast went too far.  Chris Berman, who just like Stephen A. Smith should not be allowed near a microphone, was torturing the audience with his idiocy. There is nothing worse than listening to a game that he does (and I have heard Michael Kay do games). This time though he outdid himself. Once Mr. Dotel blew the save, I heard something to the like of this conversation between Mr. Berman and some other dope.   Berman : Now what would Bill James say about that?  Idiot : Ha, ha what you don't like sabermetrics?  Berman : Don't get me started with that stuff.  Idiot : (Rambles)  Berman : Let me just say one thing, there are lies, there are damned lies, and then there are statistics.  Of course that is what my ears deciphered. Once it hit my brain, it was translated into, "Let me just say one thing, there are idiots, there are damned idiots, and then there are baseball analysts."  Before my brain could figure that out though, my arms were sent into convulsions to find the damned remote and change the channel as fast as humanly possible. So I changed the channel over to my favorite baseball team on ESPN2 (The Padres) who were playing the Phillies.  Fast forward to the 3rd inning where Adam Eaton was struggling with a man on second and another on third with Doug Glanville up at the plate. David Justice, the announcer, keeps pounding on to the audience that the wise thing to do is to try to advance the runners over and play small ball. This, from a statistical (sabermetrician) standpoint, is a dumb way to go. So what happens?  Doug Glanville does not take the advise and bam hits a long triple (which would have been a home run if not for playing in Petco Park). Do you hear Mr. Justice rebuttal his argument? No. He does not even mention it.   So what is the moral of the story? Idiots will always follow what has been done the longest Slavery, following politics, and moving the base runner over by a bunt (unless of course it is when there is a man on third with 0 out, then the bunt is a wise move) are all classic examples of this.