Ever since I started studying in Manila, going home has become the most exciting and most awaited part of the year for me.  Last time I went home (summer last year), I had been away for two whole years.   You could just imagine how much I missed MSU!  I couldn’t even sit still for days just thinking about home.  The moment my foot touched MSU ground, I was just ecstatic.  The clean, fresh and cold MSU air made me happier than I had ever been in the past two years.  I mean, after almost sweating myself to death in Manila with its heat, feeling the cold MSU air and seeing the MSU fog made me so happy I could barely stop myself from crying.  Add to that my excitement about seeing people I love and people I grew up with.  Now, I’ve again come home after a whole year of being away and I feel exactly the same.  I have been here a week and the excitement and happiness grows day by day.  I’ll be here for two whole months.  Yay!!!   I really, really missed MSU.  The cold wind, fresh air, the fog, the cold water (read: I still can’t take a bath without boiling water first!), the golf course, Commercial Center, the King Faisal Mosque, the ascending road, the trees, our house, Darling’s chicken barbecue, Phoebe Buffay (the cat), my family and friends, and so many other things found only in MSU!  MSU (that is Main Campus in Marawi City, of course, because there are some seven MSU campuses all over Mindanao) is my favorite place in the whole world.  It’s one of the places I would describe as ‘heaven on earth’ because of every single thing about it.  It’s really nice to be in a place where everybody knows everybody, where everything and everyone is familiar.  It’s always good to be in a place where everything is just so cheap that ordering a P50 meal would be considered outrageously expensive!  It’s cool to be in a place where you can just be who you are and you can do whatever you want to do.  But, most of all, it feels great to be where one’s heart is.  It is always great to be home.    Here are some pictures I took…      I took this while on the plane...:)   Here are pictures of MSU...     View from my window...       The MSU sign at the Golf Course      MSU Golf Course      MSU Golf Course: View from the top...      This is "Tagaytay"...      ...where we usually hang out. :)     More pictures to come....  Hehehe:)