An ESL teacher referred a problem student to me who was in need of conversation practice.  We arranged to meet twice a week in my office before her class.   Unbeknownst to the teacher, the student and I were acquainted long before the start of class.  We met while walking along the beach on Dallas Road one beautiful spring evening.  She stopped to comment on how beautiful my dog was when I turned around to recognize another colleague who happened to be her homestay parent.  The student was then happy to learn that I worked in the ESL Department of the school she would soon be attending.    I was thumbing through one of the conversation books looking for an interesting dialogue for our first appointment.  Food served as an excellent discussion topic.  It is often the first thing we really take notice of in other cultures: the subtle differences in the ingredients used, the table etiquette, and the presentation of the dishes.       From that first appointment, I became starkly aware of how food was a driving force within our everyday lives.  We derive comfort, love, reward, and sometimes even punishment from it.   The first incident she spoke of was over a bowl of jam.  They had toast that morning, and used only a small amount of jam.  Afterwards, her homestay sister took the remainder of it, which seemed perfectly good to reuse, and poured it down the garborator.     The second incident was over a bowl of chili.  One of the homestay sisters refused to eat the chili upon finding out it was made with beef.  What was more disturbing was that she left the dinner refused to come back to the dinner table in protest.  The chili was subsequently thrown out later that evening.    Upon delving deeper into her feelings around the subject, it appeared her shock was personal as well as cultural.  She grew up in a poor family.  Her parents were divorced or separated, and finding enough food to fill a meal was a daily chore.  She described situations where she would hide her food because her hungry older brothers were constantly stealing it from her.   Seeing how plentiful food was in our culture, and then seeing it being wasted, was difficult for the student.  She expressed her reservations about the behaviour, but it failed to yield any concern or validation from her homestay family.  Her homestay father's initial response to the situation was "it's okay, because the fishes will eat it".    I pointed out how absurd that response was, and that seemed to help validate some of her feelings.     In truth, I could easily identify with her situation.  I grew up in a chinese family where food was never wasted.  In fact, having leftovers at the dinner table was a cultural "faux pas".  I spent most of my childhood in the back of the family restaurant, and we often ate around those hours.  For my sister and I, dinner was around 9 or 10 in the evening when most kids were preparing for bed.  Dinner was the only quality time I spent with my parents, who both worked two full-time jobs.      There was much more going on for this student behind the scenes.  She desparately sought her homestay father's approval, but found him somewhat callous and unfeeling towards her at times.  This seemed to draw a tear or two.  It reached a point where she began hording the leftover food that the family was sending to the garborator.  The food that she once derived so much love, comfort and reward as a child now became her punishment as an adult.  She now equated saving leftovers to "eating the family's garbage."      My subsequent meetings with the student were more fruitful as the days went on.  Somedays she was brought to tears; other days she was happy and almost giddey.  Did she find a kindered spirit in this foreign land?  Who knows?  I just know that it is nice to be heard once in a while.