I am Alexandria Krystel S. Sese, a child of Roberto G. Sese, Jr., 37 years of age, and Carissa S. Sese, 36 years of age. In chronological order, I am the second child in our family. I was born 13 years, 5 months and a couple of weeks ago next to my older brother who was born 4 years earlier. With one whole brain, one heart and enough amount of common sense, I am one over 7 billionths of this world’s population.  	In my 4885 or so days of existence, I have learned many things concerning the mathematical terms and equations of life, love, purpose and social relationships. I have narrowed down the classifications of these equations to sets.  First, an individual is included in his set of personality. That set exists within his family which is included in the community. The community that his family is included in is inside the national population and that is present in the world’s population, another set. Therefore, in simpler terms, no individual is alone or not included in a set in this world. Also, that every affiliation is a member of an even larger group.  Secondly, I have found out that in an individual, there are many parts of a whole. A person is a whole of his persona percentage. Of course, an individual is 100% human being. Into deeper terms, an individual is 50% emotional, 30% logical and 20% intuitive. One usually pays more attention to one’s feeling which leads to logical analysis of situations and then the final output depends on one’s intuition. Behaviorally speaking, one is 20% rational, 30% unreasonable, 50% logical, 10% reckless and 40% analytical. All the qualities come from birth and usually left undeveloped because of society’s demands and superstitions. Though 80% of the time, an individual’s facade is adequate to support him in his lifetime endeavors. An n individual is judged by his demeanor by 75% of the other individuals he meets. And the rest are logical enough to get to know him first.  Next, in the largest set which one would be present in, this is the world’s population; there are also many parts of a whole. About one-third’s included in poverty-stricken sets of communities, another one-third is in the moderate lifestyle set and the rest in divided into several more classes of well-off individuals.  In accordance to these philosophies, I am bound to tell that I myself am a part of a whole in a percentage, a part of the fractional equation of the world’s population and am a contribution to the sets existing at the moment. Although, I see myself as one in a million. My persona is quite altered. I am distorted by what is reflected to my eyes, to what I believe and what I believe is my purpose of existence. I am the product of the world’s display of culture which is divided into many regions. Those divisions are reciprocated and the quotient is my points of view. I am the product of many individuals multiplied by the times of repetitions of their appearances in my life which is the result of my beliefs and principles. I am the product of countless experiences added to the knowledge provided by books. The 3 products mentioned are the addends of my life equation which consequences to my answer. I am what I make of myself; I am not altered by society’s demands or its superstitions. I am the quotient of eternity divided by the limitation of mortality. I am… me.   man, this math assignment is gonna rock!