at long last...pics of my pint sized place.     so here's the entrance. i'm using the closet doors for extra space. imagine that, me with too many clothes. note the lil' dish cabinet that comes up to my chest. hee, hee.  all my shoes also have to fit in the little entry space, which isn't working so well.  occaisionally i have to cheat and stash some in the closet.       this is the living/sleeping area. the bed folds outta the wall but it stays down all the time so as to also serve as a couch. under the coffee table you see the cord hanging, that's how you plug it in so that it will heat underneath in the winter.     the infamous kitchenette. the keypad on the wall above the burner is how you control the hot water in the apartment. you can't really see the four trash cans there...the garbage collection is uber-strict. on the first and third saturday is this, on the second tuesday you can trash that, m-w-f you can put out paper and raw waste [that's the only one i can remember. hence the piles o' trash].     and the midget bath. the good thing is that it's designed so everything can get wet, even the toilet paper holder has a little cover, so you can just spray the whole thing out.  the pic is a bit deceiving...that's as wide as the whole room is.  the other day i was in there when someone knocked on the door.  i tried to hurry out and hit my knee on the toilet seat which went flying out the door and across the apartment.  it's best to use caution in there.  as you can see, the place is livable. i cleaned it out quite a bit and got rid of all the winnie the pooh clocks, broken plates, empty liquor bottles, hot wheels, rusted pots and pans and other such trash that had accumulated over the years. you can only dispose of those things one saturday a month i think, so i woke at 7:30 with a glorious hangover and toted three huge bags and two laundry baskets of trash downstairs to the sidewalk where you put them under the huge nets that are out [or sometimes you have to sort everything out into big baskets.] i know they were all thinkin' "nasty american, she makes so much trash!"