I tried to stay away from politics today (see below). I really, really tried.  But then I read both these articles on the AP feed and just had to say something.  SIOUX FALLS, S.D. -- A Nebraska man who once weighed more than half a ton has lost 321 pounds in a Sioux Falls hospital, with a goal of losing another 450 pounds. Patrick Deuel, 42, of Valentine, weighed 1,072 pounds when he was admitted to Avera McKennan Hospital eight weeks ago [...] "If we hadn't gotten him here, he'd be dead now," said Fred Harris, Deuel's lead doctor [...]A  group known as the League of Human Dignity helped arrange for Deuel to be driven to a local livestock scale, where he could be weighed.       How does human dignity involve being weighed on a livestock scale?  And what led this man to gain 1,000 pounds before deciding to lose weight? Where were his friends and family as this man slowly committed suicide by cheeseburger? It's not the overweight man who upsets me, it's his support system - or lack thereof. Shame on them.  It's enough to make you feel really sad for this lazy, overfed, understimulated country...until you read something like this:  PHOENIX -- Junk food is out and healthier meals are on the lunch menus at eight Arizona schools this year. Over the summer, the pilot schools stocked their snack bars and vending machines with healthier choices such as granola, sunflower seeds and bottled water. Cafeteria managers took out high-fat foods, and teachers developed nutrition lessons. Health Model is a semester-long pilot through the Arizona Department of Education. It's meant to provide students with healthier choices and allow the department to study the financial impact of removing junk food amid rising concerns over childhood obesity. If the pilot is a success, state Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Horne hopes other schools will follow the pilot schools' lead. Pilot schools in the program are in Phoenix, Tucson, Yuma and rural areas of Arizona.  YAY!!!! See, people? Hope  is  on the way. Perhaps the children of Pheonix will never know the shame of being weighed on a scale intended for cows and pigs. Now, if we can just provide public schools everywhere with enough funding that they don't have to rely on fast-food advertisements and snack vending machines to generate the revenues they need - why, we might not have to pay for thousands of government-funded emergency stomach-staplings twenty years from now.