Work:  Tuesday and Wednesday I did little work because I was preparing for class.  However, I did keep up my pace with TGoP.  On Thursday, I made a huge breakthrough in TGoP and I read quite a bit of Smith and Locke.  However, I did not write on my diss.  Comments:  Tuesday was an absolutely useless day.  I did nothing but dicker with my fiction writing and stare at my dissertation files, which I had up in a vain attempt to make myself write something.  Instead of preparing my closing remarks, I just grabbed last year's notes, which as you will see, was a mistake.  On Wednesday I was more industrious out of necessity.  It was the last day of class, so I managed to leave in enough time to check my mail and try to attend to business at Hickman.  However, when I arrived shortly after 4pm, the place was deserted.  I'm sure it had something to do with the construction going on.  I sat around in my office, and no one came.  I was somewhat worried that class attendance would be dismal.  Before going down to class, I stopped by the third floor seminar room, and just stood in the doorway.  I remember when my entire world focused on that one small room with one table that had less than twenty chairs around it.  All I had to do was prepare myself to discuss things in that room, with my friends, three or four times a week, and I was successful.  I don't even know what the hell's happened to me since the start of Spring 2004--I feel so old all of a sudden.  I'm looking seriously at jobs, and wondering how I will finish my diss., get a book contract, publish articles and teach enough classes to look good on the job market.  On Wednesday, I wished I could just sit in the seminar room and talk about things with my friends.  Once again, I fear that I am moving much too quickly, but I know that I have also managed to commit myself past the point of return.  I taught my last class.  They were dead (though 22/30 showed up), and my closing remarks were less than brilliant because I brought the wrong notes, though I still garnered a few smiles.  I don't know if it was just my mood, but I was very wistful in saying good-bye to them, and when the sentiment was seemingly unreturned, I was rather hurt.  I realized, after about five minutes or so, that I'd forgotten something, so I returned downstairs, and they were all done with their teaching evaluations.  I was hurt that they'd finished so quickly, so I retreated to the computer lab for a bit.  Nichole made an excellent observation on the situation--the students just don't conceive of us as humans with feelings.  Thursday was brightened by an email from Clay.  I told him about the MotS, and he seemed delighted.  He asked some questions that were funny, but I took them seriously, as is my wont.  I came up with some absolutely brilliant ideas in response to him.  He has ever brought out the best in me.  Aaron returned as well, and it was so wonderful to see him again!  We went out to dinner, and had a lovely, enjoyable discussion that was like an answer to my prayers in the seminar room yesterday.  It lasted for almost two hours, and it seemed like 45 minutes.  We focused our discussion around my NEPSA paper and a few of my later diss. chapters and how they relate to one of his potential dissertation ideas.  I am so lucky and blessed to be pursuing a job that I love so much.  I came home and messed around online for some time--some of my students were demanding their grades by email.  Ugh, I hate grades!  I IMed with Mom, and then I sat down to read.  I finished Mandragola, and I read significant parts of the First Treatise and the Lectures on Rhetoric by Smith.  I hope to continue the pace tomorrow, and to add in some writing.