Sucha FReakISH thing happened to me yesterday!    Yesterday at night, my mom wanted to withdrawl some money from her credit card and asked me to help her. So she drove to find a place that would have a ATM machine. Assuming that BANK OF AMERICA main office building has one, my mom just dropped me off by the side road at NIGHT.     I got out of the car and ran to the building. When I got there, I looked for the ATM machine. But the building was so huge~ and it had like 4 different entrances so I didn't know which door it was by..so I walked around and couldnt find it~ so I looked inside the building...it was all dark but I can see that there were another doors inside the building. SO I thought hmm maybe this building has ATM machines INSIDE the building. So I checked the door if it was open or not. AND IT WAS OPEN!!! so I went inside.    And as soon as I went inside, I saw a broken elevator keep ringing and some blinkings from the security guard desk. It was really really freaky!! I was so scared! but I still looked for the machine. But I found that the atm machine was actually right OuTSIDE of the OTHER DOOR~ So I went back and pulled the door to open again....but it wouldn't... OPEN!!!! I checked all the entrances and it was all LOCKED!! So there I was late at night inside the BANK OF AMERICA building with frikin broken elevator and blinking buttons everywhere on the security desk. I thought I was going to be TRAPPED there for the WHOLE NIGHT!!! I was so freaked out after I found out all the doors were locked!! I called out for help and security guard. I ran around like crazy looking for way out!  > AND I even tried to use some buttons on security desk... -,-          I was desperate okay? ^^        Then I was about to give up and then I saw this door at the end of the hall. So I pushed it and it OPENED!! yay! so I got out~    I was at the back of the building by the dumpsters~ So I ran out and ran around the WHOLE building and came back to the 4 original entrances. And then I found the ATM Machine after all the troubles~ and got my mom's money.    But after I was done, I was curious if the door would open again...so I went to the same entrance I opened before and tried to open it again....but you know what? IT WOULDN"T OPEN this TIME!!!! I was sooo FREAKED afterwards!!! Why did it open before and not NOW??   *whew* I am glad that I am over now But it was just so weird and freakish~ and through this I learned my lesson......... I am never gonna go to the bank at night! EVER!              My mom's comment after I came back......" what took you so long? " -,-