Ah, there are so many reasons.  She's a socialist who is not afraid to shop.  She uses words like "lickspittle" to describe our parliamentarians.  She likes to read memoirs.  She makes Michael Moore look conservative.  And her column is in the biggest newspaper in Canada, where every week, we get to see her skewer right-wing politics and anything else she dislikes that day. Go Heather!  This particular column is great--HM goes after Linda Ronstadt and Martha Stewart for their supposed radicalism. Martha compared herself to Nelson Mandela this week?  Wha?  Give that woman another 5 months in prison.  You're not a political heroine because you know how to match towels and oh yeah, aren't you serving a sentence for FRAUD? Somehow, I must have missed how it is that fraud and being in prison for leading an anti-apartheid group are in any way similar.    So Heather's point is that radicalism amongst the American glitterati isn't all that radical (she names some good exceptions).  But I guess that the more interesting thing for me is that anything at all is expected of people in the entertainment industry.  During the most radical moments of the 1960s in the United States, you didn't see too many celebrities saying anything about politics at all.  The people who led the movements for civil rights, women's rights, disability rights, you name it -- were people who became celebrities because of what they wrote about and sang about.  Except for a few key exceptions like Buffy Saint Marie (who was a singer before she was an activist for Native rights), celebrity was made in the context of the uprisings.  Who would have heard of Gloria Steinem before that fantastic article about the Playboy clubs?    The idea that media celebrity itself carries a kind of moral freight is only a couple of decades old, and it's part of what Adorno and Horkheimer call "The Culture Industry," where big-business entertainment conglomerates seek to integrate the values of the entertainment industry into the world-views of the populace.  I would have to agree with Heather M. that it's lamentable how few heroes and heroines for the left there are amongst celebrities, especially now in the United States.  But really, what else can we expect?  We should look elsewhere for models, and for intelligent spokespeople for things like human dignity and justice.