Well, I have a lot in my head right now.  So much that I can't put into words.  My house is a mess and I have lessons tomorrow. Guess it'll be a 6am wake up with lots of cleaning in 4 hours.   I don't ask for compliments, just interaction.....and really, I don't  ask  for that. Just have an internal craving.   I miss my friends in Grand Rapids. A lot. I miss hanging out in the Music Building. Just seeing friendly faces. I miss hanging out in the Student Union. Sitting by the fireplace with a coffee (made by one of the Whitman's). Ahhh....those were the days.  These are the days of lots of bills, house payments, feeding the dog, walking him too. Trying to get a job. Sometimes just crying myself to sleep because there is too much to think about.   Crying is a great outlet. It gets all my frustrations out without having to complain to anyone else about them. Thank heavens that God always listens. He's never giving me only part of His attention. Always all of it. God is awesome, is He not?  Why do good people get sick? Why does my uncle have cancer that will never heal? Why do some people that are bad live so long? I think somewhere in the Bible it mentions that people who live past 80 have led a righteous life (or something to that extent....I need to read my Bible more). I know people that have lived long healthy lives and are the most self absorbed people I've ever heard of. *sigh* All part of this living hell we call life.  Why don't men (most men) pick up after themselves? Why do they leave dishes lying around? How come when they miss the toilet (for whatever reason) they don't mop it up? They have had years to learn how to piss  inside  the toilet, but still seem to miss 10% of the time.  I was cleaning the church bathrooms today and the men's room always smells like pee....no matter how much Lysol, bleach and ammonia I use. The women's room smells nice. Maybe it's the potpourri....or maybe it's because we know how to get our urine in the toilet instead of on the floor. Well, that's my gripe of the day.   This sure has been a misture of thoughts.....just random things I'm thinking about.   I'm going to keep going....sorry.  Why do babies die? I don't understand that one at all. And how can anyone believe that God would send a baby to hell? I know several people that believe that a person is destined (at conception) to be saved by grace or not. If a person hasn't even had the chance to breathe on their own in the few days that it lives, why would they go to Hell? I for one don't believe that our God is like that. True, God is  not  a big teddy bear, He is a God who is angered by sin. But would He really send a child to hell?  It must make it much harder for a couple to cope with the death of a child when their pastor tells them that there is a chance that the baby went to Hell. Cold. Just cold.  I like movies. They let us escape from the reality of our world. It's nice to watch a ficticious character's life for a while and forget about our own. I especiall like movies when they have Edward Norton in them. *drool* I have a small (ok, small in comparison to the galaxy) crush. Hee hee.  That's all for now. More random thoughts of a Deedle Bug later. Take care and thanks for listening.  Current mood.....confused