i looove lists! so this is a first of the many i'll post in here...=) this is a list i read from a magazine my mom wanted me to look into:  What She Wishes You Knew About Her    Universal truths all men should understand about women    By Heather Buchanan (Men's Health Best Life Magazine, Winter 2004)  She'll yell at you to pick up your dirty clothes but steal your sweaty T-shirt to sleep in when you're gone.  She knows that roses seem cliche, but she melts inside when you send them to her.  She'll fight to the end to maintain her independence but fantasizes about you taking care of her.  It's cheating as soon as you're doing something with another woman that you wouldn't want her to see, hear, read...  When you do something bad and she seems cool with it, she's not.  She'd love to cook for you but fears Le Cirque does it better.  She's afraid she'll never find a purer love than her daddy's love.  When you push her hair behinf her ears and look into her eyes and hold your lips over hers, she can't breathe.  She has no idea how to be strong and still say "I'm sorry."  She can love you and hate your guts at the same time.  She longs to receive a handwritten love letter.  When you ask her what's wrong and she says nothing, she wants you to keep questioning her.  She doesn't want you to solve her problems...just listen to them.  She holds on to an inner life and her own mysetries that she does not want to share.  She'll admire a beautiful woman before you will.  She loves when you draw a bath for her without her asking.  She wants you to know the difference between screwing and making love...but still be able to do both with her.  She wants you to go out with the guys more than you do. Really, she does.  Her biggest fear is that you will die before she does.  When it comes to aesthetics, she wants your enthusiasm, not your opinion.  She watches you when you sleep.  Monday Night Football = Trading Spaces  She sides with Carly Simon over James Taylor.  She wants to know that you are vulnerable to her feminine wiles.   She'll retreat into the bathtub so you won't see her cry.  She wants you to celebrate her moves, not say, "Wow, you dance like Veronica - you know, from Archie."  Baby talk good; dirty talk better.  She likes expensive floral arrangements when you screw up (and when you don't).  She wants you to probe her nightmares and make them go away.  She'd like it if you dueted "Summer Lovin'" with her at a karaoke bar.  She'd love you to get into a bar brawl to defend her honor.  She thinks about sex more than you do.