july 17   this day tunred out so much better than i thought. the leadership training rocked! it wasn't like the leadership trainings in elem, it was realistic, it was useful and, for once, it was actually eye-opening.     at the start of the day, everybody was, of course, still not vibing it too much since we didn't know each other well yet. there were some people i knew, nicole, amabel and chunky, the badminton varsity cap. i found out that amabel and she are godsiblings. anyway, chunky was really friendly and i really find her cute. our first activity was some kind of amazing race. it was fun! especially in the part where we had to find 4 girls with the same month of birthday. unfortunately, there were only two of us born on january, minnie and i. minnie is the sophomore i see hanging out with the other popular people. she has light complexion, tomboyish air and chinky eyes plus the cutest nose i've seen! she's really nice, a contrary of what i assumed she was. anyway, we had to sing "nopyi" by bamboo to pass the task. then later, we were asked to do a symbolism of ourselves. we had to draw a shape of a man [like a gingerbread man] and paste 5 symbols of ourselves which we cut out from the newspaper we brought. the activity had a big impact on me. i was confident in sharing about myself and i felt no shame [naks!]. we were grouped into 7. my groupmates were regina, ate marion, ate ira and ate feliz. ate feliz is this sophomore whom i really like. when she was sharing to us her symbol, i found her mature and deep. then, ate marion is the junior who had this smart air around her. ate ira, the senior in our group, was a proof that theresians have poise. she talked with confidence. and regina is batchmate of mine who is the shy quiet type but is the type of person appropriate to be a leader. the activity was one of the things i liked today. it was an eye-opener in a sense that it increased our self-awareness. i think self-awareness is important for a leader to have. because in order to be a good leader, we must know how to deal with people. to deal with people well, we must know them. but how can we know them when we don't even know ourselves? the next activity was a value voting activity. we were asked a couple of questions and we had to choose which answer we wanted. there was a time when we were asked if we had cheated on any exam. my conscience was killing me but i just said to myself, "i cheated on a quiz, not an exam". at that time, i really wanted to befriend this senior named, jax. she used to be in basketball varsity. that activity determined our decision-making. i also liked it. in the afternoon, we watched a film called "dave". it was about this man named dave who was hired by the government to play as a decoy for the president who had a serious stroke. the chief of staff wanted to hide the truth from the people so he hired dave. things got out of hand for the cheif of staff because dave started to do things which a president should do which the villain doesn't want him to do. it showed real leadership.     leaders should be responsible and resourceful. they must have a good sense of priority so they can make way for the more important things. leaders must know whom they are working for and must display a good image for everyone to imitate. leaders must pay attention to everything even the little things. because all things, great or small, are significant to all.     what is a leader?  i have the whole year to find out!   ***    I wasn’t in the greatest mood today. It must have been because I just came back from a fever. It must’ve been because I miss jammi. I dunno, I just didn’t feel too energetic. Plus, I get the strongest feeling that my “friends” are hating me right now. Faith, lara and the others are starting to come snobbish to me. Maybe that’s also one of the reasons I don’t feel so happy. That’s why I’ve decided to keep quiet.     Today we also changed seats. All of us who always cheat on tests were arranged apart. I guess teachers have that intuition about their students or something. Anyway, it’s cool since I can concentrate better on my studies now and I would be taken from my tempting classmates showing me their answers. It’s cool, at least I can think well from shutting up.   ***    Daryl and I spent lunch together. It was really nice to be able to hang out with her again. She even hugged me a couple of times. I missed those times when we were really close like sisters. Hey, we could always come back to that time…except it wouldn’t be going back, it would be moving on. In a sense that we put the past where it should be and face what’s ahead of us. Of course, it would take time, like everything else.     Ate alariz has been really nice to me. We hang out every dismissal and I find her really cool, for a senior, she’s really funky. ^_^     I guess this day is cool….     ***  Check this out….     What is love?  An irrational feeling  Driving you to the depths of extremity  Pulling the spirit, heart and mind apart  Love is limit-breaking     It is confusion  Blurring logic  Destructing systems  Breaking routines  Crushing foci  Love is chaos     It is pain, tears, heartbreak  Love is sacrifice     It is blindness  Blocking the flaws and imperfections  Displaying mirages of smiles and sunsets  Love is the illusion of perfection     It is a dream  A basis of paradise  The momentary ecstasy  Love is hope     It is a feeling  An emotion  A temporary condition  Love is a constant change     It is an essence of being  A reason for existence  Belief of purpose  Love is life     What is love?  For me?     You are