Ooooh, I never should have discharged myself from hospital! The pain in my stomach is just as bad...well, I tell a lie; this morning it was ok but last night agony, I feel, would be an apt word. I'm off again today and will be tomorrow too, though I'm determined to go back in on Friday. That's the horrible thing about being off sick: the longer you're off, the more difficult it is to go back in. Plus the knowledge that i've missed out on the last few pre-SATs lessons with my Year 9s has upset me a lot. But what can I do? I think I have caught the Norwalk virus. According to the news yesterday, there was an outbreak in the hospital over the weekend, whilst I was there. In terms of my health, there is really nothing to worry about. It's basically a stomach bug which is certainly making things interesting. But it's a big problem at the hospital as it means nursing staff are absent and, obviously, it's quite unpleasant if you've elderly or already very ill. At any rate, I won't be allowed back while I've got it. The irony is, I was joking to Si when I went there that I would catch it. I didn't realise there had actually been another outbreak. So yeah, I've been taking it easy. Si almost had to physically restrain me to stop me from doing the housework. I've been writing more of my rat stories, which has been fun. I've had some really good ideas. Reading them to my Year 7's has certainly helped me, as I now know what sort of things they responded best to. The character of Dervel got the best response, particularly when he says something stupid or completely irrelevent. His line of "I wanted to be an assassin" has achieved cult status almost overnight. I think what makes that line particularly funny is that he is such a hopeless, clumsy, stupid, dozy little thing. I'm very pleased with the characterisation of the rats; they seem to have caught my class's imagination. Snitch (Stitch) the evil despot/genius of the story is one of my own personal favourites, and I'm enjoying developing her character. I've just written a story where she breaks into a school classroom, takes over the class and leads the students in a revolt against the teachers. Makes me chuckle. I read this in the Mirror this morning and it made me laugh, so i thought I'd include it here:  BOOB CASH BID NIPPED IN THE BUD A busty shopper tried to sue mall chiefs after her boobs got trapped in a revolving door. The cheeky bid was among the failed claims revealed yesterday by bosses at Manchester's trafford centre. One chancer demanded compensation for swollen ankles - blaming lack of carpets in the centre. Another wanted clothes after spilling nail varnish on hers while sitting on a mall bench to apply it. And a mum tried to sue for new glasses after her child's coin rebounded off the fountain into her specs.  Doesn't it amaze you. People really astonish me sometimes; the innate ability to be sooo mind-numbingly stupid and greedy has led to such a rise in the compensation culture that common sense seems to have all but deserted the world. This whole 'blame someone else for anything that happens' attitude is ruining the world. It is no more evident anywhere than in school.  Aaaargh. Need to compose myself or I'll get rage, and then I'll sue the newspapers for exposing me to such maddening stories that my brain implodes. Oh - some good news. got accepted by a very good job agency in London that has been highly recommended to me, so that's an excellent step.