So the first night in Bangkok equaled "ping pong show" and I have to say it was pretty darn impressive.  The ping pong show is a sex show of sorts where women do some very interesting stuff with there private parts.  These interesting acts included the use of ping pong balls, darts (blowgun style of course), cigarettes, whistles, chopsticks, horns and bottles (which were opened).  This was all in the Pat Pong district which is pretty much a tourist attraction in and of itself.  Basically all it sells is sex and pretty nasty bars.  We hopped around a bit and finally landed at a less seedy place with live music.  The girls were still suspect as I think they were just looking for white guys with deep pockets.  Either way it was a really good and educational time.   We're currently on our third full day here and GJ is MIA.  He said he was going to go look at the internet somewhere but hasn't been back since.  I don't know if I was supposed to go meet him or what.  I think we're going to take it a little easier today and not do so much.  Our first two days we went pretty crazy and saw a ton of stuff.  The first day we did the really big stuff like the Temple of the Jade Buhdda, the Royal Palace, National Museum, Wat Pho and the National Art Gallery.  Then at night we hit Pat Pong.  We did a ton of walking and the heat took a lot out of us.  Yesterday we went to a few less popular sights but still really impressive.  We saw a 5.5 ton solid gold Buhdda statue.  I'm curious as to how much something like this would be worth.  We also hiked up the Mount of Gold temple.  This provided for a great view of Bangkok.  We then cruised over to a snake farm to see a snake show.  This was the coolest snake show I've ever seen in my life.  At one point the guy was taking the King Cobra away and walked within 2 feet of me.  That's the last time I ever want to be that close to the snake.  From there we walked some more hit a temple, the central park and then saw some kick boxing.  Kick boxing was cool at first but after awhile it was the same old thing and go pretty boring.  We watched about 5 bouts and left.  GJ then wanted to shop some more so we hit the night bazaar.  This was really nice but a little more price than shopping in the streets.  We were going to call in and just hang out on Khao San road but GJ got really motivated and we headed out to hit some cool Thai clubs, like the kind where normal Thai people go to.  We managed to find the coolest club ever, only catch was that you had to have your passport to get in.  Of course we didn't bring our fucking passports out.  So that was the end of that.  But the night wasn't lost as we managed to find two other really cool spots to hang.  Thai women are really good looking.  The only problem is none of these places had dance floors in the sense that we know them.  It was more like you danced where ever you could find space.  A little awkward but fun none the less.   I'm not sure what we'll do today.  I need to find GJ first.  Luckly I'm keeping occupied doing this.  I think we'll hit the zoo and take it easy.  I need to find some postcards.  Tuk tuks are a rip off.  Taxis are so cheap here its not even funny.  Not to mention they all want to take you places to shop so they can get kick backs.  It's so crazy how everyone is trying to sell you something here.  Everyone wants to start some kind of dialouge just so they can tell you somewhere you want to go is closed so they can get you to go somewhere else.  What crap.  Anyway you get used to it and blow them off.   Where the hell is GJ?  That ding a ling.  Ok I'll go look for him and see where the hell he went?  I'm at the pc in the lobby of our hotel so I'd hope he'd have the common sense to look down here for me since he knew I was coming here.   More later.