Made lentil soup for dinner tonight.  Damn, that is good.  And so simple.  And so cheap.  About 8 ounces of lentils, water, a diced onion, a few sliced carrots, and a diced green bell pepper.  Plenty of salt & pepper.  One pot warms ya.  I keep pulling up other windows on my computer.  I can hardly pay attention enough to write tonight.  Guess there's nothing too exciting to write.  There's an art project going on in Austin.  Check out the website, (http://www.cracksinthepavement.com), but basically, it is sort of a scavenger hunt for art around the Austin area.  I went yesterday during my lunch break and right after work.  Only thing I managed to find was tall grass with unidentified bugs that bit my feet.  And I got my dress pretty dirty.  Hey, I went right after work.  Thank goodness I always carry a spare pair of flip-flops.  But, then again, who knows....maybe those high heels would have given me an advantage in the tall grass.  Anyhow, I really hope I find some piece of art in all of this.  I am just worried folks are going to beat me to it.  Beat me to them.  Whatever.  Thank goodness it is Thursday.  This week has gone by quickly, but without much sleep.  Here's to the weekend.  Think I'm going to Houston & Lake Charles.  For Father's Day & Paw-Paw's 88th birthday.  That man is in great shape.  I'm so impressed.  I'm sure my dad will live the same way....healthy as a bean up until at least his 118th birthday.  Question #5: If a new medicine were developed that would cure arthritis but cause a fatal reaction in 1 percent of those who took it, would you want it to be released to the public? Answer #5: Sure.  Who's fault is it that they've got arthritis, anyhow?  And should they decide to take medication for it, let them know the risks & allow them to decide.  No big deal.  Folks really need to take more accountability for their own actions, and not depend upon other people to tell them what to do.  So, make it available, and let folks decide if it's something they want to risk or not.  Their decision.