Heya! It be 3 A.M. in the morning! It's the perfect time to post! Today was one of the better days of my week, glad it was. I woke up to the alarm for my brother to get up to the mountain. After that I fell back to sleep and was woken back up by my mom yelling at me to turn my computer off at night... "Andy turned it on this moring to get a CD", "Ya... well... turn it off!"... Anyways, went back into a half asleep state an was like that 'til 11, I was still pretty sleepy after that. Nothing a good shower couldn't fix ^^. Zak came by when I was in the shower, he had the Christmas parade to attend in his penguin suit. I showed him Gunbound and Halo, then he went back downtown around 12. Kat had gotten Adobe Premier day before yesterday and had no clue how to use it, so most of the day I helped her with her Health assignment. She didn't really approve of working on a Depression and Suicide project all day, so we went to a movie with Sarah and her dad. Saw The Last Samurai, it was FUCKING AWESOME!!! Andy was there with friends as well, I always end up seeing him at movies I don't expect to see him at. So we finished that at around 9, then we felt like renting some movies and staying up 'til 2 watching them(hence my posting at 3). We made a scene at the Food4Less, rode the merry-go-round and were out of there! We rented Terminator 3(awesome) and 28 Days Later(so fucking awesome!!! really gory and weird but really awesome... unfortunately Kat and Sarah didn't think so, they were just kinda grossed out by the guy getting his eyes gouged out). So yeah, almost ended up spending the night but Sarah's but her dad didn't want to deal with the other parents crap about letting a teenage guy spend the night with a couple girls, one of which is his girlfriend, very understandable. Oh well, no matter... I had a shitload of fun anyways, wanted to watch 28 Days Later one more time, think I'll just ask for it for Christmas... Kind of an awkward present but THAT'S OK!! It's a cool movie, there are the best zombies EVER in that movie. Yep, so... can't really think of anything else to say, kinda want to go to bed... Will after this last song, Good morning!