maybe this isn't a "how to" per se, but being a bum is exactly what i've done this afternoon.  had class from 9:50 til 2:30 today, ran errands, then came home...  i've been in a really weird mood all week... some days (like sunday) it's been pretty pronounced, other days i've busied myself with other stuff, laughed a lot, and it's just been vaguely running in the background...  anyhow, i got home like 3:30/3:45ish and found out from colleen what the plans were for where and when for no math night... curled up with a book for a little, then when i checked the computer again, eric was back from his afternoon class and online.. after comparing notes on some astronomy stuff, i threw out the question "am i a horribly antisocial person if i skip a no math night?"  his response was "what?  why?"... i said by the time the conversation was done that maybe i'd be there, maybe not... all i can put words to it is i felt very not happy at all, but have no idea why i'm so unhappy...  anyhow, having finished chatting w/ eric i curled up in my bed, just to be a bum, but ended up falling asleep until 5:50 (we were all supposed to be at jared's for dinner at 6)... i was waaay to comfortable to move, but also had a headache, so in no time i had dozed off again and next i saw it was 6:45... figuring i'd already missed dinner and seeing as i was still warm and comfortable, i went back to sleep again, and finally when i woke up at 7:30 i decided it was time to get up and move... at the very least i needed something small to eat since all i'd had today was 2 pieces of pizza at pizza seminar this afternoon.  anyhow, i was totally feeling like a bum, and not wanting to deal with people tonight, but i'm actualy kinda glad now that i stayed in... when i went to fix myself some soup an hour ago, amanda was baking cookies... i started to take it back to my room to be out of the way, but she insisted and cleared off a spot at the table for me and we chatted and watched part of an old movie on TV for a bit, and when they were ready we ate her cookies, straight from the oven (yay warm cookies and milk!)  now ron's over and they're going to late dinner and a movie, and i'm still bumming around here  i don't know where my attitude's from lately, i don't know why i'm so frustrated with myself and with people in general, i don't know what's making me unhappy, but at the very least, looking for silver linings to the cloud, it bought me a tiny bit of unexpected quality roommate time, and that's a good thing.  anyhow, now, to go back to sleep?  to actually do some homework?  to read?  to bum around in front of the tv?  who knows... but probably not option 2 =P  night