Wow, was I in a foul mood yesterday.  Sorry about that.  It really didn't get much better throughout the night, but I'm much better today.  Mama's boy called and we got in a huge arguement because of his lying, once again.  He IM's me saying that he was mad at me (ask me if I give a fuck if he's mad at me!), I was like "oh, that's nice."  Blah blah blah... long story short, he said he was in Phoenix last week, which (according to him) was the weekend he was supposed to come see me.  I think he was just saying this to try to make me feel bad, because it was all a lie.  He never once mentioned coming to see me.  However, it didn't work because I don't want him to come out here.  He was saying how hurt he was that I blew him off when I went back home to visit, and how he needs to quit getting his hopes up, and not wear his heart on his sleeve.  Normally I would've pissed my pants because I would've been laughing so hard, but yesterday I was in a very bad mood and he just set me off with his lying, and guilt trip bullshit.  So then, when I get out of work he calls me (why did I pick up?) and starts with the lying, and guilt trips again.  We got in a screaming match and I get home, still on the phone screaming at eachother, and Cop, his wife, and the little ones are all there.  So i go in my room, shut the door and fight with him until I realize I'm wasting my time talking to him at all and hang up.  Then Cop knocks on my door and asks if I'm ok.  I say yeah.  Then he goes "here, give him a kiss, it always makes me feel better."  And he holds the baby up for me to kiss.  Then they leave to his mom's house like a happy little family.  I watched the Reagan funeral most of the evening (I know I'm going to hell for this, but watching all those men in uniform was better than porn!)  They get home at like 10 and I play with the 3 year old for a little bit, then he goes to bed and Cop's wife comes to sit and watch TV with me.  I turn the TV up to keep the talking to a minimum, she got bored I think and went to bed too.  That was my evening.  Cop and his wife are driving to LA this weekend because he has an interview with LAPD.  I get the apartment to myself, yayyyyyyyy! =)