urlLink Role of the Academic Library in the Academic Enterprise  If you are in the Midwest of the USA, you may wish to consider submitting to speak at this workshop which takes place Friday, April 30, 2004, at Eastern Michigan University. Information literacy topics are on the list of suggested topics.  The Call:  Theme for the Symposium:   “The Role of the Library in Academic Enterprise”, one of ALA/ACRL’s “Top Issues Facing Academic Libraries”  Format and Submission Guidelines: Proposed topics should reflect the above theme and be of interest to academic librarians and library staff.  Possible topics include, but are not limited to: §	Librarian-Classroom Faculty partnerships and projects §	Librarians as instructors of information literacy §	Library as place – Library as the heart of the institution §	Library’s role in scholarly communication §	Role of online resources and digitization of collections §	Dealing with the current funding environment §	Organizational structure and change – in the institution and in the library §	Library’s link to K-12 education  Presenters will have 20-25 minutes for their Symposium presentation.  The Symposium agenda will include additional time for questions and discussion sessions following the presentations.  Each presentation will also be published as a paper in the MLA Forum.  Presenters should prepare their paper following APA style, 5th edition.  Final papers will be due by May 10, 2004.  Presenters will be sent an author agreement and will need to follow requirements of the Forum editors.  Please include the following in your proposal: §	Your contact information §	An abstract of your presentation/paper in 300 words or less  Send proposals via email or US mail to: Ann Lindsay, Access & Systems Librarian, Kalamazoo Valley Community College Library PO Box 4070, Kalamazoo, MI  49003 alindsay@kvcc.edu  Selection Process: Proposals will be blind reviewed by members of the Symposium Planning Committee.  Selection will be based on interest to the audience, relevance to the Symposium theme, and clarity of expression.  Time constraints and program balance will also be considered.  You will be notified of the status of your proposal by February 13, 2004.  Questions: Ann Lindsay, Symposium Planning Committee 269-488-4515 or alindsay@kvcc.edu