Switchfoot: Meant To Live    Fumbling his confidence,  And wond’ring why the world has passed him by;  Hoping that he’s meant for more than arguments,  And failed attempts to fly, fly   We were meant to live for so much more... Have we lost ourselves?  Somewhere we live inside, Somewhere we live inside, We were meant to live for so much more... Have we lost ourselves?  Somewhere we live inside   Dreaming about Providence, And whether mice or men have second tries;  Maybe we’ve been livin with our eyes half open,  Maybe we’re bent and broken, broken   We were meant to live for so much more...  Have we lost ourselves?  Somewhere we live inside  Somewhere we live inside  We were meant to live for so much more...  Have we lost ourselves?  Somewhere we live inside   We want more than this world’s got to offer;  We want more than this world’s got to offer; We want more than the wars of our fathers, And everything inside screams for second life   We were meant to live for so much more...  Have we lost ourselves?  We were meant to live for so much more...  Have we lost ourselves?  We were meant to live for so much more...  Have we lost ourselves?  We were meant to live, We were meant to live.   This song is very cool. It's got this really dirty, sexy bassline and vocalist sounds like he really feels the song, which, of course, is the whole point of music. Feeling.  Talking of feelings, this past couple of days have brought me a mixture of them, from a numb Friday, a blissful Saturday and an empty Sunday, to a pissed-off Monday. The numbness came when I saw my dad. I felt nothing. I saw him and I just felt nothing. Which in a way could be worse than any of the other emotions, because it's like my brain is saying "You're so low you're not even worth a reaction at all, let alone a bad one". I was quiet for most of the evening, I didn't really feel like talking to him. I spoke to Wicked Stepmother; although I fundamentally hate her, I respect the fact that she hasn't tried to get actively involved in the past week. Despite his "poverty-stricken" status, Dad managed to cough up the cash for two new CDs and a top for me on Saturday afternoon, much to my delight (and secret anger- if he was giving me the right money I could have bought the damn top myself). Then I got on the coach back to Brum and met the JYF committee in New Street...  Saturday night was fantastic. It cheered me up no end, sitting in Lailah's big brother's bedroom (he's at Uni) next to Matt, laughing and smiling about everything from Little Britain to cruel psychological experiments involving teaching children that green is yellow and doors are walls. You had to be there. Edd really seemed to shine on Saturday night; I didn't get pissed off with him at all and he even came and slept on (I must clarify ON, and not WITH) me during the night. We listened to Konstantine and I snuggled up to Matt and it was warm, happy and generally wonderful. On Sunday morning we said our goodbyes and I was once again in New Street...  Nothing much else happened on Sunday, but Monday came along too damn quickly and I soon wished it hadn't come along at all when I discovered Katie "The Herb" Herbert had virtually taken over our supposedly joint effort on the International Week quiz. I know, I shouldn't make such a big deal about it because it's only International Week, but she is just. so. ANNOYING! I gave her my disk with my international questions on this morning, only to discover she had "finished her Fair Trade questions last week", put up the answers around school and put the questions in form trays. To be fair, she doesn't know what I've been through inside my head this past week, but it just tipped me out of my tentative good mood into a thoroughly irritated one. Added to this, Frau Hitler-sorry-Mrs. Plummer, threw me out of the Library-sorry-Learning Resource Centre for having a bag, after I'd made it quite clear to her that I was in there for 5 minutes to try and print off an English essay. Bitch.  I've written quite a bit for someone who didn't really feel like blogging, haven't I? Oh, and did I mention that I got an interview at Leeds, and that I've fallen for Maroon 5?  Ceff x   Things just get so crazy, living life gets hard to do