Do you ever feel the need to fuck with people? I am fucking with two people right now, and I am deriving a sick sort of pleasure from it.   Dr. D is a faculty member in my department - he has only been here 8 months, and he is young (let's say 29ish).  He has recently been beating around the bush about asking me out.  Convenient group outings, and a common interest in film has made it possible for him to imply that he would like to go out on a date, but he has been subtle enough that I can ignore it and no one feels awkward.  Why am I fucking with this poor man?    Let's take a look at victim number 2, since the reasons that I am fucking with them are related.  The other person I am fucking with is an undergrad - Bonnie - who volunteers in a lab that is linked to ours.  I don't like Bonnie.  She is such a phony, sychophantic wanker.  I also don't like her because she hangs out with some friends of mine - the boys.  One of the boys, Dan, liked her but she was engaged to some 30 year old guy (she's 21).  She ended up making out with Dan, and then ignoring him the next day at church.  Hand-in-hand with her fiancee.  So she is also a hypocrit.  I heard a couple of weeks ago, from a very reliable source, that in the first 3 months that Dr. D was here, they hooked up.  Although Bonnie is no longer engaged right now, whether she was when she was with Dr. D is a little shady (I think yes).  The worse part is that this could have dire consequences for both of them.  Dr. D just got here, and this is a serious breach of ethics.  Not a good first impression.  And Bonnie has appllied to be a grad student at Dal, so she should also have some concern about sleeping with a faculty member!!!  They are just both so... and it makes me want to fuck with them.  I'm not doing anything really mean.  I am still reasonably nice to Bonnie, and I just happen to mention, on occassion, Dr. D's name.  Inviting her to these group outings, and so on (she always has an excuse).  You have to understand that she implies that she has nothing to do with him.  They don't know each other... but I know different.  I have managed to make Dr. D think that I might be interested, by inviting him to group outings and keeping him appraised of any new art films in town.  He manages to avoid the get-togethers where Bonnie is going to be present.    I take a wicked pleasure in watching both of them squirm.  I have no explanation for my abominable behavior.   BTW - crisis is still ongoing, but after smoking a fatty with my friend Mandy last night, and trying to figure out the hidden messages in some wacked out commercials, the crisis has subsided.