Well.  The concert went well.  I only made one significant mistake, but I doubt that anyone else really noticed it.  My solo sounded great, which is not something that I will normally say about myself, so I know that I nailed it.  It was really nice to see everyone in Chorale again, too.  The best part though, was just singing again in a group.  It's great to love singing, but unless you're actually *doing* it, it doesn't do you any good.  I bought a CD of the performance afterwards, so I should be getting that in a couple of weeks.  John came to see the concert, and said that he enjoyed it very much.  One thing that he commented on was the selection of music, and how varied it was.  It truly was quite a selection.  We had classical, Americana, Broadway, gospel, even a piece in Icelandic.  After the concert, we hung out for a while waiting for Robin.  We caught up on some things, and just... goofed around like we always do.    When Robin got there, the three of us went out to dinner.  No one knew where they wanted to go, so we just drove around, and ended up at this little Mexican place called Juanito's.  It was surprisingly good, and the conversation was absolutely fantastic.  By the end of dinner, we were laughing so hard we were crying.  We managed to cross any boundary that may be considered sacred, and by quite a bit.  Again, a common phrase used throughout the conversation was "Cunni lingus what?"  After dinner, we went to Rita's for the ever famous gilatti.  It was absolutely fabulous.  We proceeded to go further and further down the scale of decency, and asked some poor defenseless woman to take our picture.  I learned more than I ever wanted to know about both John and Robin, but God we had a good time doing it.    They are both incredible people, and it's really too bad that I didn't get to work with them longer.    Now, Nicole and I just finished watching a really weird movie.  Looks like I'm going to be heading back to NY in the near future.  It's been nice to see everyone, but it will be even nicer to get home.