To Nader or Not to Nader...  The hotest debate within the progressive/left community is how to  handle the greens/Nader during this elecction. For some this is herasy  either way... To vote for Nader is to asure 4 more years of bush (Tom  Harmann)...To others is delusional to think "vote for Iraq War  presidential authority Kerry" will be progressive on any thing of  substance (Greens (both Cobb & Comeao).  I take a middle stance. I think from an individual point of view, to  vote for kerry in a winner take all political system is very  understandable, even logical and defendable from a progressive point of  view. Tom hartmann is correct, given our present system to think that a  vote for a progressive third party candidate in a race with two leading  candidates evenly divided is a vote for the less progressive  alternative of the two leading choices.  But on the other hand, should progressive organizations through their  support for a clearly nonprogressive candidate. This is where I think  we in the Peace and Justice community need to hold back. Should we  spend our hard earned resources to support a candidate who will push  nafta like legilation and increase military spending not decrease it. I  think as progressive organizations (like mid south Peace and Justice)  should stand back from using our meager resources to promote a  nonprogressive candidate.  So where does that leave us. We as organizatioons should not work for  any of the presidential candidates. are we on the sideliness...no...We need to keep building a movement  that will force whoever wins to respond to our progressive agenda. We  shall work to change the election laws to have instant runoff voting (  see greens usa material on subject). We shall educate the population on  the true mechinism for social change: an organized populace, not an  election. Never has social change happend because some new person is  elected to the senate or the white house. Social change happened  because masses of people made it happen.  in solidarity, red al  > > Posted by AL to Red Al's Musings at 6/30/2004 08:19:18 PM    allan lummus, Board Member, Mid-South Peace and Justice	 901-722-9545 (phone) 901-355-0584 (cell) home email: allanclummus@earthlink.net MSPJ webpage: http://midsouthpeace.org MSPJ weblog: http://midsouthpeace.blogspot.com