Today was possibly the worst day of my life! Not because alot of bad things happened, but because the bad thingsthat did happen where mostly major things.     First off, this morning I went to my french teacher, Mrs.Carleton and asked her what I had gotten on my French exam. I had been studying for the past WEEKeverything that she had told us was supposed to be on the tes, and I felt as though I knew all of it, even while I was doing the test and answering the questions. Well, I come to find out, I failed it, FAIL! I studied all that time so I could get an A and I fail, which means I also failed French , the entire class which gives me no points for it, which means I only get 5 credits for this year.     That also means that I probubly won't be able to do anything this entire summer with anyone. which means no computer, no phone, no friends, no anything! Just Babysitting and summer school, if we can get summer school that is. If not, I'm screwed.     Then, I got out of school at the end of the three hours, and I went to go to the bus, but there where none there! I found out that , after an hour of waiting, the busses had already come nad gone on the other side of the school building, when they usualy come on the side I was on. And the stupid attendance office just mysteriously was too busy to announce that over the PA system, they couldn't even look out their damn windows to see if some stupid bright yello twinky was out there! They are such IDIOTS! I hate the people at that school, all but a select few are allways in a bad mood and could care less about what happens to you.     Then I get home and I called my mom and told her everything so now she's pissed at me for it. Then I called my Boss at the daycare and her and I get into a fight over wether she said i had to work today or not.     Then I try and call my friend Alisa, because (not only do I do this everyday) but I want someone to talk to, I'm tired, I'm hot, I'm sick and this was a bad day. So I called her up, and the phones ringing, then I know someone picked it up, but no one said anything, them suddenly they hung up!     I was in my room crying for a half an hour because of this stupid day! A HOLE DAMNED HALF AN HOUR!     Now that I got that bad grade, there's no way I'm ever going to be able to bring my GPA up by the end of high school, no way what so ever. Which means no colage for me, and if no collage, I'll end up living in some dumpy appartment after living with my parents untill I'm thirty, still working at that daycare for 6 dollars an hour. I'll probubly not have heating so I'll catch mnemonia (or how ever you spell it) and die.     There's my two cents of the day. NoThank you and Good Effen day!