urlLink The National Council on Teacher Quality: Expanding the Teacher Quality Discussion. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Suh, Thomas - Fore, Raechelle.  It looks at teacher quality.  From the ERIC Digest:  What does the future bode for America's schoolchildren? Recent results of the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP)--the Nation's Report Card--indicate improved student performance in both math and reading. These statistical gains, however, are modest, and when viewed in the context of actual learning, are not so promising. The average eighth-grader cannot calculate the amount of change from a purchase (Braswell, Lutkus, Grigg, Santapau, Tay-Lim, & Johnson, 2000), and indications are that s/he will not be able to do so for another six years. In reading, nearly 40 percent of fourth-graders remain unable to read at even a basic level--a level defined as "prerequisite" for reading proficiently (Donahue, Finnegan, Lutkus, Allen, & Campbell, 2001).   Results in the international arena are even more discouraging. In the 1995 Third International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS) involving twenty-six nations including the United States, American fourth-graders placed twelfth in mathematics, and a respectable third in science (Calsyn, Gonzales, & Frase, 1999). When TIMSS was re-administered four years later to eighth-graders in thirty-eight countries, American students had lost ground, slipping to nineteenth in mathematics and eighteenth in science (Gonzales, Calsyn, Jocelyn, Mak, Kastberg, Arafeh, Williams, & Tsen, 2001).   Why such poor performances? One explanation is the predominance of teachers not qualified to teach. Research tells us that the influence of teachers is the single-most important factor in determining student achievement, even more so than socioeconomic status (Sanders & Rivers, 1996; Collias, Pajak, & Rigden, 2000), which for years was deemed as having the highest correlation to academic success (Coleman, 1966). Studies also indicate that the impact of a teacher (for good or for bad) is cumulative, having a lasting, measurable effect on academic performance (Sanders & Rivers, 1996), and accounting for the discrepancy between "gifted" and "remedial" (Haycock, 1998). Students with less exposure to qualified teachers, therefore, seem far less likely of achieving academic success than those with more. Given the recurrence of disappointing results on student learning assessments at the national and international levels, too many of America's students do not appear to be receiving enough exposure to qualified teachers.