urlLink    Huzzah! Fat Wreck Chords. Wreck-Chords! Geddit? No one else seems to...  urlLink      "What kind of a pick up line is that?" "What did he say?" "Oh my god I can't believe it" "Ew, look at his hair..." "Band guys are so lame" "Why is he staring at us?" "Ew, what is he wearing?"  Some girls are crazy...  hee hee hee. I forgot how much I love this song, and remember now why I bought a t-shirt with "Some girls are crazy" printed on the back. Not gonna tell you what the song is though, if you're interested, ask, or take a guess at who it is.  I feel less bored today. RS went well; the questions, thankfully, were on the areas of Buddhism I actually knew about, rather than random concepts like Buddhology (don't ask, because I still don't know). The last General Studies paper was today too, Society, Politics and the Economy. The pre-release material, which I spent last night reading, was all about the EU. Fascinating stuff, as you can imagine. Thankfully, one of the essay questions at the end was about whether I thought the wars against Iraq and Afghanistan were justified, and whether this action has helped to combat international terrorism, so that let me have a big 4 page rant about good ole George Dubya. He's the 59th most important person in rock music, according to Kerrang, as he's accidentally managed to force the music world into "thinking about more than girls and beer again". Fat Mike is 25th most powerful (Huzzah!)- I heart Fat Mike, he runs a wicked business and manages to be a punk rocker and (god forbid) intelligent at the same time. My dad seems to be unable to mix those two concepts; he thinks that if you listen to heavy metal/punk/emo/hardcore/anything other than bands that formed in 1970-73, you are a complete moron with no idea what's going on in the world outside the moshpit. Gah. But anyway: highlights of my new favourite Top 100 list ("Most important people in rock in 2004") include Avril Lavigne at No. 10 for "prodding 5-and-ups away from the pathway of pop and into the road marked 'rock'", Justin Hawkins at No. 4 ("make way for the anti-Kurt") and Satan at No. 2 for still having "all the best tunes". I'm not going to give away who's at Number 1, because I want people to start buying Kerrang- and anyway, it's only £1 this week AND you get a free punk CD! Bargainous. They still can't help putting Brody Dalle at Number 22 though, can they? Hmph.  Ceff x   What's with you and all your talk of independence? What's with me and my lack of innocence?