urlLink Score Normalization as a Fair Grading Practice. ERIC Digest.   This ERIC Digest is by R. Scott Winters.  It looks at test score norming as a form of fair grading.  This is very controversial...  From the ERIC Digest:  While fair grading is easily understood when discussing a single assignment (such as an exam or paper) it becomes a more difficult issue when multiple assignments are considered. For instance, if a student gets a 50 on an exam that is very hard (hence the 50 is the highest grade among all students), and a 60 on a second exam that is very easy (hence the lowest grade among all students), are these exams equitable? If a student is given the option of dropping the "lowest grade" of the two, does it make sense to drop the exam that, a) reflects the lowest numerical score (the 50), or b) reflects poorer performance (the 60)? If we set our evaluation criterion as a performance measure, then the score reflecting poor performance should be dropped. However, in order to make such an evaluation, the exams need to be converted into a common currency; specifically, they need to be placed upon a standard scale for comparison. Therefore, using raw scores to calculate final grades may not accurately capture a student's true performance within a class. As variation in performance evaluation increases, so does the impact on the student's final ranking.    Ideally, we would like the distribution of individual student performance for all exams to be equal, despite differences in time, instructor, teaching assistant, and other factors. Only then can evaluations be considered comparable. Without this common currency or scale, errors in grade assignment will result. Fortunately, the methodology for placing diverse assignments on an equitable scale is straightforward. Appropriate normalization requires nothing more than adjusting the exams' means to be equal as well as their variances. If different teaching assistants instruct different subsets of the class, then these subsets also need to be standardized for equal means and variances across teaching assistants.    The need for normalization is intuitive to most: an exam with a mean of 40 is not equitable to an exam with a mean of 70. The obvious correction is to readjust the scores such that the means are equal; this is a good first step, but alone, it is insufficient. Equally important is the need to correct for differences in the variances. A template for making such calculations is introduced below.