Musings on Motherhood & Marriage  Having children was the best thing that ever happened to me, but alongside with that was the deterioration of our marriage, perhaps not as strong as we first thought. We had totally different ideas which meant I didn't feel as "free" to enjoy the children as I would have liked.  Having your own child is a seriously wonderful experience - egotistical and perhaps even a selfish desire, yet you do have to give up your own life to a degree in order to put them first for a while...... although not necessarily to the exclusion of all else. Their needs are biggest in the first five years. People that say "always put your husband / wife" first I think are missing the point of parenthood. Maybe put them first emotionally in your heart but the children's basic physiological needs need to come first in the early years because they don't really understand otherwise. And your partner is quite capable of looking after himself! But I digress. Read on.  Thinking of your partner and keeping the bond alive is vital - once the children have flown the nest, there are just the two of you once more, so you need to have built some bridges along the path of parenthood. But this isn't straightforward and often there is a constant juggling act that takes place - especially on the part of the parent who may elect to stay home with the children for the first few years of their lives.  Be unprepared for totally unconditional love for your children that you might think you have now but you know it is a totally different love with your partner...  The most important thing about having children is that the man understands his partner sufficiently enough to cope with the hormones changes etc., and not demand her to do anything she isn't ready to do. The woman on the other hand needs to understand that she isn't the only one with hormones and feelings in all of this but that is the hardest part, because her emotions are crying out for her children, motherhood etc.... that is the biggest thing in her life once a child comes along. It becomes very easy to shut the man out with all this going on in the background, and many men find this exceptionally hard to deal with.  Having children is wonderful and can be a very unifying experience between the "right" people!  Oh, and there's nothing to beat the smell of your own baby's head when they are all tucked up in their beds, fast asleep.......