im home already, is 10:09 am. Im going to janelles in like 2 hours but anyways. Last night was awesome. I haven't seen brett since school was out and it was very cool to chill with him in hershey. The whole atmosphere is just so much better down there. Everything is not so clustered and crap. Brett picked me up at like 6 last night and we went to the capital city mall because we had to pick some stuff up. I had some gift certificates for suncoast and one of them expires on july 20th, so i figured i would get some movies for us to watch. I bought the amityville horror and the 13th child:the legend of the jersey devil. He went to old navy and got a pair of flip flops (he bought the same exact pair i have.) then went to hot topic and he bought a shirt that i saw, i noticed it and i said i want to get it for school, AND HE BUYS IT! GOD!!! So now we will once again have the same shirts, last year we had the same the used shirt and now it will be the same thursday shirt. The shirt was awesome, it was brown with a red dove in the top corner, and then it made it look like the dive was flying straight down, like an animation, there were like 5 doves on it, the top one then all the ones under it that made it look like it was going down. Then we went to fye and he bought a cd. After this we left the area and went to hershey. We had to stop at walmart and get a calling card for him and vanessa to call each other, then we went to giant. Brett got hired there a month ago but they haven't scheduled him yet, we had to get milk and soda so he figured he would see if they scheduled him yet. Well it just so happens that his first day of work was this morning at 9:30 am. Unbeleivable. Then we went to his house. His room is the best place ive ever seen in my life. The whole basement is his room, hs's got a bathroom and everything in his room. Its so big and awesome. Well we got to his house and ordered some pizza since we always do that when i sleep over, and after we got done eating the pizza it was like 8:45, so we put the amityville horror in and watched the first hour of it (its 2 hours) and then vanessa called. We talked to her on the phone for like an hour and a half. When we all got off the phone it was like 11:20. Me and brett were gonna go for ice cream but we decided to just go to sheets (his mom and tom were at the beach for the night so we could go out anytime). We drove up to sheets and he got a jones soda and i got a mountain dew code red slushie. We left sheets and on the way back brett wanted to show me this resevoir to skate in. We stopped in the parking lot (Which is a block away from his house, and this parking lot is right next to hershey park, so bretts house is a block away from hershey park, its so good), we checked out the resevoir and then left. We got home at like 12:45 and finished watching the amityville horror. Were saving the 13th child to watch on the way down to the beach, im gonna borrow janelles portable dvd player. I think we went to bed around 2, im not sure. Anyways, we wake up this morning at 7 so brett can get ready for work, blah blah blah, we leave around 8 so brett can get me home and he gets back in time for work. Alright, were driving along, and we come to this red light, the light was yellow and brett decided we were gonna make the turn ( we had to turn left) it was raining out and all that, and u can figure out what im getting at. BAM!!! We ran right smack into one of those damn hershey kiss light poles. HAHA! We werent hurt or anything, it just hit the tire because he turn real sharp and the pole hit the front right tire. It completly bent the axle and the tire was stuck up against the frame. So yea, we couldn't go anywhere, we walked back to his house and he called his moms cell phone then we called the cops and all that. Luckily his mom and tom were only 20 minutes away from getting home, they got home, we filed all the reports and stuff, we took brett to work, they took me home. And now im here! Awesome, well im gonna go get a shower and all that so i can go to janelles house all day, it should be awesome, i love her house and her family is awesome. I guess i'll update later tonight when I get home. PEACE!