Saturday morning I woke up quite early because I was supposed to meet Jamie at Tagajo station to head over to soccer practice.  We had the field reserved from 9:30-1.  Well, at 10:30 Jamie sent me a mail saying she was running a little late and that she would get there a little after 11.  Richard arrived at the station asking me where the field was and I told him I only knew the name but not how to get there.  Rob had told him to call as soon as he arrived at the station but both Rob and Dave were not answering their keitais.  So, at 12 PM Jamie finally arrived with Dominik, Aurora, and Karen and we hopped in cabs and headed to the field.  We practiced for about an hour and 1/2 (noone came to kick us off the field) and then Aurora and I headed to Stephanie's because we thought we were going climbing in Sendai.  All a bit tired, we didn't quite make it.  While I am talking about soccer adventures, on Sunday I caught a train heading up north to Tajiri and ended up on the same train as Jamie.  She and I were the first to arrive but neither of us had a ball since hers had exploded in the back of Dave's car.  We knew two balls would be arriving with Steph and Aurora but their train would not arrive until 1:40 and ours got in at 12:51.  We walked to the field and soon after were met by Jess, Ang, Mike, and Yasir.  None of them had a ball either so we all just hung out in the grass (a rarity in Japan) and waited for the other two to arrive.  We finally were able to practice, were joined at one point by 5 young Japanese boys (10,11, and 12 years old) and played a small game.  These little Japanese boys in many ways prevented some of us from really getting to practice because they liked to show off their skills so eventually the girls separated from the boys and worked on shooting and corner kicks.  Once the little guys left Mike and Yasir joined us to finish up some drills. Exhausted and a bit scraped up we finally left for home!  It is hard to believe in 2 weeks we will be playing in a tournament but I think the girls team might be quite good.