The coverage:   Verbs  1. Kinds of verbs: a. Transitive and Intransitive b. Auxiliary 2. Voice a. Active b. Passive ( refer to handouts )   ----------    Transitive and Intransitive   Verbs carry the idea of being or action in the sentence.  I am an artist. The artists submitted all their portfolios.  As we will see on this page, verbs are classified in many ways. First, some verbs require an object to complete their meaning: "She wrote _____ ?" Wrote what? She wrote a novel. These verbs are called transitive. Verbs that are intransitive do not require objects: "The library caught fire." In English, you cannot tell the difference between a transitive and intransitive verb by its form; you have to see how the verb is functioning within the sentence. In fact, a verb can be both transitive and intransitive: "The monster collapsed the building by sitting on it."  Although you will seldom hear the term, a ditransitive verb (such as cause or give) is one that can take a direct object and an indirect object at the same time: "That horrid music gave me a headache."    Source: Namara, J.M.C.  Guide to Grammar and Writing . Hartford, Connecticut: Capital Community College Foundation, 1999      Auxiliary or helping verbs are verbs that are used to help form verb phrases but cannot do so independently. There are four basic auxiliary verb groups:  to be to have modal auxiliaries: to do    To Be   This auxiliary verb is used in the progressive tenses and passive voice:    Progressive Tense:   You are painting. You were painting. You have been painting.    Passive Voice:   You are painted. You were painted. You have been painted.      To Have   This verb is used as an auxiliary in the perfect tense:  I have finished my paper. I had finished my paper. I have been finished with my paper.    Modal Auxiliaries   These auxiliaries affect the mood of the verb; that is, they determine whether a verb is a fact, desire, possibility, or command. They are most commonly used to represent degrees of freedom or severity.     Most common modal auxiliaries:   will, shall, can, may, need (to), dare, would, should, could, might, must, ought (to)  Ability: I can read. Necessity: I must read. Obligation: I ought to read. Permission: I may read.    To Do   This verb is used when the main verb of the sentence requires aid of an auxiliary, but there is no other helping verb that will fit. It is often used in questions, negative or emphatic statements:  Does he write? He writes, doesn't he? Despite his shaky hands, he does write.    Source: Lamos, Steve.  Writer's Workshop . Urbana, Illinois: University of Illinois, 2003 .     Voice   A voice is a form of verb that shows whether or not the subject is performing the action.  There are two voices: active and passive.  A verb is active when its subject performs the action.  For example: S -------------------------V Ernest Hemingway wrote a novel entitled, “A Moveable Feast”. S ----------V Hughes read poetry.  In each of the given examples, the subject performs the action. Ernest did the writing; Hughes did the reading. Note that an active verb may or may not have a direct object.  A verb is passive when its subject does not perform the action.  For example: S ---------------------------------------V The novel, “A Moveable Feast”, was written by Ernest Hemingway. S ----------V Hughes was left with his children.   In the examples, the subject is the receiver rather than the performer of the action. In the first sentence, ther performer is named: Ernest Hemingway. Ernest Hemingway,however, is the object of the preposition by and is no longer the subject.  In the second sentence, the performer of the act is not named. It does not tell you who left Hughes with his children. Note that neither one of these sentences has a direct object. While an active verb may or may not have a direct object, a passive verb almost never does.   FORMING TENSES OF PASSIVE VERBS  A passive verb has two parts. It is always a verb phrase made from a form of be plus a past participle.     Using Active and Passive Voices   Use the active voice whenever possible. Sentences that are active are less wordy and more forceful. Only use the passive voice to emphasize the receiver of the action rather than the performer. The passive voice is good when the performer is either unknown or unimportant.  ( Source: Forlini, Gary.  Annotated Teacher’s Edition: Grammar and Composition . Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice Hall, 1990 .)    ADJECTIVES   There are two types of adjectives: descriptive and limiting.   Descriptive adjectives  are additional things that tell what kind, what color, or what size a person, place, or thing is.  The following are suffixes that signal descriptive adjectives: -able, -an, -ant, -ate, -en, -ic, -ish, -less, -ly, -some, -ful, -al, -ar, -ed, -ent, -ing, -ive, -like, -ous, -ary, -y   A limiting adjective  tells us which one or how many. It is normally the basic part of the sentence pattern that is used unconsciously by the speaker or writer.  Adjectives have  3 degrees of comparison: positive, comparative, and superlative . In using adjectives in comparison, do not add more or most ones that end with –er or –est.  Wrong: Hermione is more humbler than Harry. Right: Hermione is humbler than Harry. Hermione is more humble than Harry.    Nota bene:  Some adjectives remain the same because of their meanings (e.g., outstanding, tasteless, principal, underwater). Noun adjuncts such as nuclear, capsule, and nitrogen do not change in form either.    Adjectives in a series  when used in sentences or paragraphs should come in correct order to achieve sentence coherence. They should come in the following order:  Noun Determiner-articles, possessives, demonstratives, prenomials articles—a, an, the possessives—our, my, your, her, his, its, their demonstratives—this, that, these, those pronomials— -indefinite pronominal adjectives: any, all, another, both, few, many, several, some, such -distributive pronominal adjectives: each, every, either, neither -interrogative pronominal adjectives: which, what, whose  Numeral Adjectives: ordinals or cardinals -ordinal adjectives such as five, two, etc. -cardinal adjectives such as first, second, etc.  Quality or characteristic-intelligent, durable, etc.  Size or shape-square, large, etc.  Color—red, brown, etc.  Noun adjunct or noun modifier—narra tree, physics teacher, etc.  ( Source: Robles, Elisa and Cecilia Corsino.  Teacher’s Guide: English This Way 6 . Quezon Avenue, Quezon City: Phoenix Publishing House, Inc., 1999 .)  ----------    Adjectives  1. Adjectives in Comparison 2. Series of Adjectives ( refer to pages 63-76 of   your English Skillbooks )   Adverbs  1. Kinds: -Adverbs of time, place, degree, manner, affirmation and negation ( see page 78 of the English Skillbook ) 2. Positions of Adverbs in a Sentence ( see page 80 of your English Skillbooks )   Practice by doing the exercises in your Skillbooks as I will be basing the UT on it.     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    Adverbs   modify verbs, adjectives, and other adverbs.. Most of them end with   –ly   suffixes.   For instance : He wrote on the paper carelessly.  They can be easily distinguished from adjectives because adjectives only answer the questions: “which one” or “what kind”, while adverbs answer the questions: “how” or “in what manner”, “where”, “when”, “to what degree”, “how much”, how little”, “how often”, as well as yes-or-no questions that may be either positive or negative.  Adjectives can be transformed into adverbs through the use of the suffix –ly added at the end of the adjective form.   Adjectives------  Adverbs  sure----------------surely terrible------------terribly exceptional-------exceptionally quiet---------------quietly beautiful-----------beautifully   Some modifiers have the same adjective and adverb forms. They only differ in the type of words they modify.  little, farther (distance), early, further (in addition), high, late, fast