It's 9:33 am, earlier than I would normally write a post but I've decided to beat the queues here at Great Yarmouth Library by arriving as soon as the doors open.  My cunning plan seems to have paid off because here I am, hooked up to the interweb, tapping away in relative peace.   I'm in a better mood today because I've assigned myself with various tasks to do in order to give my day some structure.  Tasks include calling FE colleges in London and asking them to send me application forms for any jobs they might have, sending off my C.V to language schools and perusing the Guardian jobs section.   All this ought to help keep madness at bay.  I'm feeling pretty darn smug already as I managed to get out of bed at 7:15 am, as soon as the alarm went off, rather than ignoring it and drifting back off to sleep.   It's coming to something when getting up early is such a novelty it becomes a pleasure.   Once I shook off sulk mode yesterday I called Camden Jobtrain for feedback.  Apparently I'm 'eminently employable'  but I didn't have enough experience teaching refugees (well,  any  experience) and that's something I can easily do something about and so consequently I feel much more optimistic.  It proves that decent EFL jobs are out there and that I can get them too.     Right, that's brief but it is early in the morning.  I'll add more later, if I haven't been shoved off the computer by the tribe of Italian teenagers sent by Frisby's School of English (I kid you not) to email their Mamas and Papas back home.  Thanks for all your encouraging comments, those of you who've left them, they're much appreciated and a welcome side effect of blogging.   Oh, while I remember, I've decided not to watch Big Brother anymore.  The phrase I've invented to describe it is Chicken Nuggets for the Soul...  I'm spending way too much time in front of the TV at the moment and so last night I wrote in my journal for an hour while it was on instead.  I think it was when I found myself watching the live coverage and BBLB and the Big Brother forum that I knew it had to come to an end...  Wish me luck with getting a life!