Congressman (Ed Pastor) D-AZ was one of the featured speakers today at the Washington Center’s morning seminar. It was rather inspiring to see a Chicano speak in front of our audience. This is a man that is a pioneer and a trailblazer for the Latino community. I made sure to listen to his discussion intently.  He first stated that when then President Clinton would give his State of the Union address every January, the congressional members would take bets on how long it was going to be. Pastor stated that if you bet less than an hour you would surely lose.  Congressman Pastor previously held the chairmanship of the National Council of La Raza. He is also a member of the Hispanic Congressional Caucus.  In Florida there is a shift from the traditional Cuban nationals and their bond with the GOP, to a more liberal stance and connecting with the Democratic Party. This is because of the younger generations that are now living there, and also because of the influx of many more South American immigrants.  Here is a little tidbit that I was unaware of. United States Supreme Court Justice William Rehnquist served as an attorney in Phoenix, Arizona in the 1950’s. He was part of a group of Republicans that would challenge Hispanic voters on the legality of their vote. In some cases he would outright lie to them that they did not meet the requirements to cast a ballot in an election.  David Wilhelm served as the former Chairman of the Democratic Party. He was also the campaign manager of Al Gore in his failed attempt at the Presidency in 2000. He stated the top ten things to do to win an election. Always be the aggressor and determine the agenda. Figure out your competitive edge, drive it, and don’t go negative. Your opponent will drive the competitive edge take steps to limit it. Know your targets, get to 50% of the vote don’t waste time getting to 100% When attacked respond in a hurry. The phone call that you must return is the one that makes your stomach turn. Be on message and stay repetitive. Understand the rules of the game. Create an organizational structure that can deliver bad news. Values and Big ideas move people. Work on the long term not the short term.  Governor Michael Dukakis came to speak to us as well. I never knew how short of a man he really was. He spoke to us about his failed attempt at the White House in 1988. He was very candid and a very approachable guy.  He had the sound bite of the day. “It is my fault that George W. Bush is President today. If I would have beat his old man, then no one would have ever heard of this guy.”  One piece of advice that I found inspiring was, don’t let anyone tell you that you have to compromise your integrity in this business (politics). It is always interesting on how people outside of this game think that politicians are nothing but self-serving hacks.  Another quote that he stated was “Foolish consistency is the Hob-Goblin of narrow minds.” Ralph Waldo Emerson. After the session was over I had the chance to shake hands with the former Governor. He also gave the class his e-mail address.  urlLink M.Dukakis@neu.edu   Later this evening I went to a pub called the Red Hat. It is the happening place here for those young people that wanted to watch the convention but did not have access to credentials. The nice thing about this place is that they had a 10-cent Buffalo Wing special. I hadn’t had any wings on a Monday Night since being back at Western. I had to jump on this special.  I spoke at length with a guy from Washington DC about many different things. We then watched the many different speakers that opened this year’s convention. Al Gore spoke with more vigor and energy then I had ever seen him give. Now if this was the Al Gore that would have ran for President four years ago, then he certainly would have won. He was not a statue as he had been portrayed in the past. This was not the Gore that inspired so many parodies on Saturday Night Live by Darrell Hammond.  Hillary Clinton gave a rousing speech that served as the introduction to the night’s last speaker. The incomparable President Bill Clinton. His speech was one of unrivaled genius. He told the crowd what they had come to hear. Clinton spoke of how the current administration had sullied the American people, by causing the largest deficit in the history of the United States. He gave us hope in his words and showed why he was still the master of the party. We the members of the Democratic Party, and those that hold Progressive ideals can only hope that John Kerry can carry a message half as resounding as Clinton’s.