I still do not understand the hoopla that was sent over the Democratic Convention. It is a better example than Leno that the applause button works. Now please do not think that I am conservative cock because I have the same criticisms of that other convention.  The whole problem with these things are as follows:   1.  There is no reasonable debate or criticism of what the speaker talks about. Hell, the man on the stage could say that rape should not be a crime and all you would hear is "Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap."   2.  Every person in the audience (the delegates) are mindless drones. If the speaker seems riveted and starts yelling into the microphone, the audience seems completely filled overjoyed. Case and point, John Edwards going on and on about the rich nation vs. poor nation. This from a man that belongs to the upper echelon (aka the top .01%) of this country. What does the audience do? "Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap." If the Republicans want to have a better convention than the Democrats, they should just bring in Steven A. Smith. The crowd in attendance will go crazy over his blabber.   3.  These always cut out down on Keith Olbermann's airtime. If you are not watching Countdown with Kieth Olbermann on MSNBC at 8 ET, why are you not? He brings wit and intelligence to a time slot filled with arrogant fools (*cough* O'reily *cough*). The oddball and keeping tabs sections of the show let Keith spray his sardonic humor at the all too easy prey. If you only have one hour of your time to spend watching the news, Countdown should be the hour you waste it on.   4.  Nothing newsworthy ever happens in these. It is just as idiotic as preempting any program on television for the Presidential State of the Nation speach. The motto I always think about when watching these is, "Do it before you palaver over it."  Those are all the dilemmas I can think of right now. I will probably have more to come the next time I post something here. If not, well I guess I lied. Oh well.