Well, I did not get the CSGSA position. It was awarded to a 3rd year PhD student, which I guess makes sense. I should have probably applied on the first notice. Oh well, it's my fault for slacking. There will always be future positions available. On the good side, it'll give me time to delve further into my projects. I might even decide to take some of those online courses offered at ACM, since they're free as in beer.  Thinking back on my recent ramblings about driving, I think I know what is wrong - many drivers lack a good amount of courtesy. It doesn't really matter that you know all the rules. It's about having enough common sense to be  nice . On Tuesday I was complaining about this person parked on the middle of the road, just to watch some ducks on the side. Thinking back on it, it wasn't really the car-stopped-on-the-road part that pissed me off - there could have been circumstances that I was not aware of. Perhaps the ducks were crossing, and were by the side of the road at the time that I passed that car. However, the driver could at least have been nice enough to turn on the hazards, instead of just stopping for a long time. The same goes for my ramblings about people hogging the left lane and turning without signals. If you are on the left lane and see someone approaching, you could at the very least move over to let them pass, instead of having everyone stuck behind you.  The Spring term starts on Monday. Wee. Look at me. I'm so excited.  I'm quite dedicated to expanding my software for the evolution view right now. I haven't started with Tk yet (and probably won't for quite a while), but I'm getting better at what I'm doing. And I like it.  A discussion on the Ruby mailing list got me thinking: basically one person was saying that part of what made him become a Ruby user was that the community doesn't flame. All questions to the listserv are answered nicely, and usefully. And I agree with that. Ruby pulled me in for its sensible syntax, but I didn't really get to appreciate its full potential until someone there rewrote my code into a more Ruby-like way. See, back then I was a heavy C/C++ and Perl user, and as a result my syntax was accordingly set. Perhaps the biggest leap for me was when I learned to treat Ruby objects as, well, objects, instead of just arguments. That was when it clicked. I guess that most people that turn to Ruby had the same problem, and as a result  urlLink this tutorial  was created to be presented at the O'Reilly Open Source Convention (OSCON) this coming July.