urlLink    "Shake my body loose, shake my body, whatever turns you on... Make my body smoulder, make my body so sexational!" A naughty title for a naughty album...  urlLink     In the true spirit of girlyness, I have decided to completely change my outfit for the Leavers' Ball, after getting a new skirt this afternoon in Birmingham. I will not divulge details tonight, though... Heeeeee. I spent some time posing in front of the mirror (in my newly proposed outfit) to King Adora when I got in; I love that album, it's so trashy and chaotic, yet it's got this raw, animalistic sexiness to it as well... I wish they'd play some at the Leavers' Ball because I could really, really work it to a tune like Smoulder. ;o)   Never knew I could feel like this; Like I've never seen the sky before... Want to vanish inside your kiss; Every day I love you more and more... Listen to my heart, can you hear it sing? Telling me to give you everything... Seasons may change, winter to spring; But I love you until the end of time...  Come what may; Come what may; I will love you until my dying day...  Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place; Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace; Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste; It all revolves around you... And there's no mountain too high; No river too wide; Sing out this song and I'll be there by your side... Storm clouds may gather; And stars may collide; But I love you (I love you), Until the end of time(until the end of time)...  Come what may; Come what may; I will love you until my dying day...  Oh, come what may, come what may, I will love you, Oh I will love you... Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place;  Come what may; Come what may; I will love you until my dying day...    Damn Moulin Rouge, restoring my belief in an all-consuming, all conquering love. It won't ever happen, it's not possible, but hey, the Leo in me enjoys the passion and the heat of the film. And Ewan McGregor ;o)  Ceff x   You're free to leave me, but just don't deceive me