Deep philosophical questions have been entering my brain concerning the topic of creation of human beings. The age old question is one that I choose to tackle before your very eyes. The meaning of life?! I sat there today as I wrote the science exam and I found myself thinking about a blog comment in particular made by the right honourable Christopher Martin. He mentioned something about math being something that doesn't apply to real life. Lisa Munro made a suggestion that math is 100% on paper and does not exist otherwise. This brings me to ponder the point of our existence: Are we only existing on paper? I feel like there are two identities placed on a person. That person's physical entity is the first, but the second is much more intriguing - that person's existence in papers and on records. The world is built on a trust system. Are we put on this Earth to exist as members of society? This is what the papers that define us lead us to believe. There is the other point that we might be meant to be  living . Sometimes it seems like the right thing to revert to a more natural lifestyle among trees - to abandon what modern society has become. It makes it seem so much simpler, so much more  correct . Any way you look at it, there is a real conflict of why we are here. Why are we living this? What would we be experiencing without life? Life is a miracle now? If there is an afterlife then what happens before life? These deep philosophical questions are probably what philosophy is based on. For now, it is my belief that all people are born from the womb. We all started out as cells but did not have the capacity of thought. We do not remember the state of being a fetus just as we do not remember the day of our birth. This is an issue where various facts of science have won my beliefs.  You were a sperm once . There was no drama at that point in your life. Yes, that  was  your life. We are put on this earth to reproduce. If there was one thing I learned in biology it was the significance of  population potential , or some other similar term. It means the ability of a population to reproduce. If there is a scale that judges how well we would be able to reproduce, then is that our reason to be on Earth? Is it to carry on the species? Hormones ensure that we are able to do so, but how we go about doing so is not something biology can control.  If we cannot do so, have we failed to do what we were put here to do?  You may ponder these points, but ponder also that we were all fetus at one point - probably at the same point. Whether or not we received enough milk was as important to us then as whether or not we succeed at being "good" teenagers now. In conclusion, science seems to not have abandoned us as teenagers. There are a number of philosophies that revolve around our reason to exist, but we must let them be for now and remember that we are all transmutations of an all-inclusive cheese.