*note: the end of the world has been postponed. this world, that is.  the showing date has been moved back several months.  just one more long boring story summarized under the metanarrrative of: Technical Problems.   Some of you read that title and panicked: “I turned that paper, didn’t I?  I graduated already.  I had to turn it in…they can’t revoke my diploma can they?”   Others recognize the title  urlLink independent study  as a short film that I’ve been talking about making for the last, I don’t know, two years?  Well the bad news is final.  After an epic number of twists and turns in the road of post-production, a death certificate has finally been issued.    Editing Problems Hard Drive Breakdowns Audio Recording Disappearing  These are the three specific chapter headings which define the long arduous (and boring-to-tell) post-production of the film that we guerilla shot in 12 days with the hard work and dedication of a fabulous cast and crew.    In the end – it turns out that the time it would take to do the necessary voiceovers and audio remixing – make it infeasible for me (or, I think, any of the other ol’ indy-study folks) to manage a final cut of this film that we could actually ship around to festivals.  BUT – I am grateful to many of you for your work and patience – AND – I’m increasingly devoted to the importance and value of ritual –  so  –  I’m going to show a not-really-perfect draft of  Independent Study  as a means to:   -reunite a bunch of fun, great people -celebrate art and artists -thank some of the vendors who donated free food (based on the promise of a publicly shown “thank you”) -give myself permission to move on to new projects  on SUNDAY, DECEMBER 12th at 9 p.m. in the evening & (probably) in the Malone College Theater.  I’m going out of town for the month of July, but I’m scheduling now so that those of you who think of passing this on to other indy-study-folks who I may have lost touch with – can pass it along to them.    It will be an event that will be open to the public – but at no charge – I’ll be using copyrighted music in this not-quite-a-real-draft-of-a-movie.  So the official word will be:    This is a big gathering of friends to watch a movie they made together.  Hopefully the RIAA won’t pick up on our sinister little non-money-making plot and name us as co-defendents along with their host of 6 year old Kazaa users…  Sorry to those of you who aren’t in the  urlLink independent study  loop for taking up bandwidth….you’re welcome to come to the party, too!  peace~