This weekend has been, and continues to be, an exceptionally festive one.  I had a wonderful "Stone Pot Bibimbap" at the Korean Barbecue Restaurant with some International students, celebrated my good friend's birthday at the  urlLink Sticky Wicket Pub , and attended a wedding and reception at the beautiful  urlLink Crystal Gardens .  It's only Sunday, and there is still more fun to be had.  As much as I try to pull myself and others up, there is a sharp pain that resides deep within me; perhaps somewhere in my soul.  The prospect of visiting Korea excites me, but the idea of going there and never coming back excites me even more.  Am I running away from something?  Am I just trying to feel alive?  I cannot help but believe that part of me is dead to the world... it has been that way for quite some time.  Even before I broke up with my girlfriend, that nagging feeling that I am not where I am supposed to be in life rang truer than ever.  Self inflicted paranoia perhaps, but observing the people and events around me stir up strong, pent up feelings of doubt and despair.  When faced with apathy and sometimes narcissism, I find myself in a more positive and reassuring state.  That is a difficult state for me to maintain.  More often than not, I am the one friends and family are tending to.  I joke to  urlLink Lola  that I am a "lightning rod" for schizophrenics or other disturbed individuals, drawing them to me.  I thought I was dealing with it well, but now I find myself surrounded by sickness in all my social spheres: family, friends, lovers, coworkers, & even strangers.  Despite their misgivings, some of those individuals seem to be on the rebound and moving on with their seemingly miserable existences.  However, I now find myself slipping into their ranks.  This has been difficult transition for my close friends who have not seen me this depressed or subdued before.  I may be a bit over melodramatic, but the craziness has indelibly scarred me, leaving me in this frail condition.  Further to that, other people's joy and happiness bring about feelings of profound sadness.   I am not where I want to be in life .  I know these feelings are irrational and unhealthy, so I have dedicated even more time to self care.  My girlfriend at the time said I liked the gym more than seeing her.  I nearly stopped going in part due to her complaints, but now that we have broken up, I am back to my usual exercise routine.  Planning this trip to Korea has also kept me occupied.  The past 8 months have been a time of considerable physical change.  On my Atkin's diet, I managed to shed over 60lbs and draw many complements about my new fit, healthy appearance.  My challenge now is to match that growth beneath the surface, emotionally and spiritually.  I hope a change of scenery will do the trick, and help recapture some of the "steam" I have lost of lately.  Carpe Diem!  (Seize the day)