urlLink     Take a look at the crapfest that is the Summer 2004 movie  "Catwoman".  This is  THE  single biggest atrocity that I have ever seen in a movie since Nicholas Sparks' "A Walk to Remember". It's that bad folks.  urlLink   Not only did they abandon almost every aspect of the original Catwoman as she has appeared in comic books, but once again we are forced to accept Hollywood's belief that tits and ass ( PLEASE PARDON THE LANGUAGE - BUT LET'S NOT KID OURSELVES HERE)  are the only two ways for a woman to fight crime.     Here is how Catwoman abandoned the real Catwoman (and why the movie will suck cow manure):     Catwoman came to exist solely in Gotham City, primarily as a catburglar (meaning she committed crimes herself when she first started out).  In this movie, it seems pretty obvious to me that she becomes Catwoman to fight crime and to get revenge on the thugs whom killed her.    Catwoman NEVER had any superhuman cat-powers.  Everything she had in the comic books (i.e.- wall-climbing, fighting and stealth skills) were due to intense training,  NOT FRIGGIN' CAT SPIRITS BRINGING HER DEAD SELF BACK TO LIFE!       The least of the movie's offenses - Catwoman was white.  Now I don't have a problem with Catwoman's race here.  It worked with Billy Dee Williams playing Harvey Dent in the first two  Batman  films, and it worked with Michael Clarke Duncan playing the Kingpin in  Daredevil .  If the character were more accurate, I would think that Halle Berry would have done a great job.    Uh...Catwoman lives in Gotham City.  Who else lives in Gotham City that fights criminals like the original Catwoman?  Hmm...I don't know....?    MAYBE BATMAN?!?!?!    Where the heck is he in all of this?  The rights to Batman and Catwoman are BOTH owned by Warner Brothers.  Why would they allow for this to happen to Catwoman?  One word:   Crack Cocaine.     I've saved the greatest offense of  Catwoman  for last, and that has to do with the absurdity of her outfit.  How much T&A does Berry need to show in order to stop bad guys?  If I were a thug with an Uzi, you know I'm shooting her in her stomach, breasts, and arms because all I see there is skin.  Oh, and if I miss all of those parts, I would shoot her in her  OPEN-TOED CAT SHOES!!!   What is the meaning of this?  Why does Catwoman have to look like a prostitute on Halloween?  Why did they have to ruin a great comic book character in order to make this movie?  The sad part is that Berry apparently loved the character that she plays here.  Too bad she has no idea whom Catwoman really is.   Catwoman is a catburglar/vigilante whom happens to love Batman (and he loves her), but they always wind up on opposite sides of the law.  Maybe love is too strong a term here.  They at least like each other enough to flirt while fighting.  None of this is presented here except for Berry flirting with Benjamin Bratt's detective character.  The whole thing stinks like dead fish if you ask me.  If this movie makes over $100 million, then I will truly believe that the world has gone mad because truth no longer has meaning to anybody.  Then again, this is coming from the guy that loved Angelina Jolie in  Tomb Raider.