Okay, one thing that has been bothering me has been the fact that in like every movie and book I've been reading lately, there's a man that is having an affair.  It is driving me crazy because, although it is fictional, it is making me believe that NO man is capable of being faithful.  I think that's the one thing that worries me about whenever I get married and stuff--having to deal with a husband who cheats.  I think that would totally demolish the very core of my heart! (powerful, huh?!)  ... I know, I know, sounds wild for a person without even a HINT of a marriage proposal, but I'm an Aquarian--we think far ahead more than we do in the present.  But seriously, I just had a talk about this with one of the "bruhs" and he was saying how he KNOWS he won't cheat on his wife--whenever he finds one.  But, it's not that I don't believe in a man's capability to be faithful, it's just that we, as young ladies, were conditioned by society to think that a man can't control his carnal desires...often times that is not the case, often times it is.   Either way, it still bugs me--then again, I'm just that type of person who FINDS something to worry about--lol.  I pray, I PRAY, that I can just be blessed with a person who is honest with himself and KNOWS himself very well.  I think that is the essential ingredient of all lasting relationships: each person is fully aware of him/herself so that he/she can be fully aware of what it will take to REALLY satisfy him/her.  Well, the thing about me is, I KNOW I have this thing on lock; the man that ends up with me will be the HAPPIEST, most FULFILLED man on earth!!!  So, if he cheats, that would be HIS dumb butt!--lol;  I mean, I know that in order to have this grand thing called love truly exist in your life, you have to be willing to let go and take that risk;  I told a friend, just like if you play the nickle slots at the casino, yeah, your chance of loss isn't that great, but neither is the size of the reward if you win.  Conversely, if you play the dollar machine, yeah,  you put up more money and stand to lose a bit more, but the if you hit the jackpot...