A new month approaching, and something new for me to work with, another blog. I figured I have a blog for Student Government, and I'm always tempted to mix in personal feelings with that (Something I don't like to do), so I decided to create another blog. A blog where I can share my own opinions while keeping my Student Government blog clean and not slanted in its views. I give you, My Thoughts.      I figured I'd start with Big Brother. I'd like to keep my thoughts away from the fact that I have to get up early everyday and go row. Big Brother is, if you don't know, a television show on CBS that I enjoy watching. They (The Producers) get a number of people, this season fourteen, and put them in a house together for roughly three months with complete surveillance. The houseguests are not allowed any contact with the outside world, except with host Julie Chen (Who I might add is the girlfriend of that jerk Les Moonveis the Head of CBS and unfortunately now Viacom).   Each week one person becomes the Head of Household, or HoH, and must put up two houseguests for eviction. A houseguest may take him or herself off the block with the Power of Veto (POV) then the HoH must put up another houseguest in his or her place. On Thursdays, one person must go, bringing the remaining houseguests one step closer to the five hundred thousand dollar prize. On Tuesdays the houseguests must go into a competition to get their food for the week. If they win, they receive the everyday foods you and I eat, with maybe a few extravagant foods thrown in. But if they loose, it's peanut butter and jelly for the entire week.     The show, over its now five seasons, has thrown in twists. Last year it was the "X" Factor. This year it is project DNA. The first in this twist was that two of the houseguests (Jennifer (aka Nakomis) and Michael) and actually half brother and sister but were never aware of this before, nor did they even know each other. The second, and most recently revealed to the audience part of the twist, is that Adria has a twin (Natalie) and the two of them have been switching places within the house since the show started. If the two of them can make it through this week (Week Four) then both of them will be allowed to enter the Big Brother house at the same time and play the game, not as one, but separately competing for the five hundred thousand dollar prize.       Three people are gone, as tonight we begin Week Four of the show. Big Brother airs Tuesday and Saturday at nine p.m. and Thursday nights at 8 p.m. on CBS (Channel 62 on sidelight and with an Antaean, and Channel 15 on Comcast).