Shagged out liao!!!.....went for my 3 star kayaking cse today...super shagged out...East Coast water was rather rough today. Refining of all the skills....still need alot of practice. Reversed paddled for almost 700m in the rough waters and another 200m without any paddles....interestingly i was very lively and singing though i am super tired. Will continue next weekend.   Update on the last 3 days.... Just came back from Woodgrove Sec Sch camp. My first sec sch camp. It was indeed ver different from the primary school camp. Had fun too. The group of senior instructors also taught me alot of things...very willing to guide. Gd for me...hahaha.... I see teamwork in another aspect...The boys were "punished" one the last nite when they refused to sleep or keep quiet after lights out. All the instructors were "activated" to vacate the boys bunk and the boys were given a real "talking to" in the middle of the nite. When the boys see so many instructors at their bunk area, they know that we meant business.....so there just followed instructions to vacate the bunks...just need one person to "talk" the rest of the instructors stand ard looking serious enough liao ....hahaha......seeing the expression on the boys' faces i really wanted to laugh but have to hold it back untill the "talking to" ended...wahahahahaha  Got a few comments from the senior instructors tat i am learning the ropes fast...very encouraging. To my surprise, i came in a near second in the most improved instructor category, voted by fellow instructors....hahaha......low start always make small improvement look big....hahaha......but still very motivating.   The camp-fire was abit not to "high" at first but as it progress....the heat is getting higher and higher. As the grps presented their "3-minute of fame", the camp chief decided tat the instructors shd reciprocrate....so we did a 3 minute briefing and came up with our own 3 minute of fame. Although i wasn't sure of the lyrics of the songs and cheers but hack care....just join in and follow what they are doing....the thing is to have fun. The finale was a super impromptu one......a song was played...i think it is called " Where u find love" and the instructors started dancing and moving ard the fire in a clockwise direction...and i mean very near to the fire. Then the kids just joined in and followed us and dance behind us where we move ard the fire......very very HIGH!! ....and HOT....Great to see that the kids are enjoying themselves. some of the kids in my grp were telling me after the camp fire that they thought all the instructors got "possesed" cos we were so energetic and high during the camp fire...hahaha....actually i really shouted and sang untill i nearly lost my voice...heehee...but we did RA-RA them enough to make them join in.  okie....now got to wait for tonite's game....England Vs France....stay tuned.  Signing OFF....     Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know