I can't really remember what went down yesterday at school, so I'll just talk about today. It was weird today...  Okay, first of all...It's mid-March, right? Right!?! Please tell me why it was snowing when I left for school, then pouring when I was at CATN? I hate this FREAKY Maryland weather. Actually, not just MD weather, but the WHOLE EAST COAST OF THE UNITED STATES doesn't seem to want spring.  In Agriscience we planted loads and loads and loads of pots full of sunflower seeds. I took one home with me in a mini-pot and it is supposed to grow in ten or so days. Funnnnnn. When it's done growing I'm gonna pick it! I'm gonna pick a flower that I grew! It will be extra special. My own special flower. Awwwww....  P.E. stunk. I love sports, but this Team Sports elective is just the pits. I don't know anyone in the class really, 'cause most of the ninth-graders and tenth-graders that I know are taking Fitness for Life and most of the upper-classmen that I know are taking Aerobics or some such elective. I played volleyball again. Grrrr. I hate Volleyball. Give me a damn soccer ball and I'd be happy enough.  In Government Mr.Bright singled me out. He said that I went above and beyond on a certain activity and that I was ahead of the rest of the class, saying he'd always recommend me for any AP Social Studies class. It sucked because it was in front of the whole class. I know I'm glad I'm getting compliments from someone as weird and senile and cold-hearted teacher there is, but in front of the class? They all thought I was a teacher's pet. It sucked. Oh well. He said he was definitely going to talk to the office and ask for me to have AP European History next year instead of Honors World Civ.  Jake: "Wait, Mallory...European History means everywhere but the U.S., right?"  ::rolls eyes::  English was plain boring. We had a test on Act 1 of Romeo and Juliet. It was really easy. I like Tybalt the best. Romeo is so superficial. :-) Mostly I like Tybalt because he's the one I read for, and Tybalt wants to kill Romeo who is played by none other than JOSH. Hahahaha!  Track was indoors. It stunk too.  BUT TOMORROW IS ST. PATRICK'S DAY! I'm making cookies. I'm part Irish so I'll make Irish Lace Cookies. I refuse to wear green though other than maybe a green hairtie. Mostly because I do not own green clothing.  Happy Saint Pattie's day everyone. Tomorrow.