Those seats inside the JR trains are really short. I mean, I am not that tall, yet my head towers over the beige and sometimes poo-colored seats like the Sta-Puff Marshmellow man over Chicago(?) in Ghostbusters.  All joking aside, I tore my eyes away from my book that I am currently obsessing over to look around the train. I usually keep my eyes averted at all costs hoping that I don't A) Find a Japanese person staring at me in horror, interest, and mystification or B) Finding that person wanting to talk to me.  Above the seats sprouted 6 black-haired heads poking out from the top of the seat.  What did my head look like in this field of jet-blackness? A large, reddish-blondish-brownish (thank you hair stylist) sweat-ified, tall head popping out from all of the sameness?   Instantly, having one of my intensified and introspective thoughts that have been paying me visits in the past couple weeks, I asked myself, what in the hell am I doing here? Why do I feel like I have been here forever, yet not been here at all?  Maybe that is confusing. You see, I thought a year was a long time when I arrived here. I thought that if i didn't constantly keep myself busy I might go insane and never fulfill my life-long dream of watching the entire Sex and the City series in chronological order. But somehow, those days were filled, sometimes with interesting stories, sometimes with loneliness...but those days always finished. At the same time, I started to feel like I had been here forever. The feelings of being watched, stared at, scrutinzed...they all became a part of my daily routine, along with confusion.  I walked off the train and thought more deeply about my situation (albeit almost running over a small lady with a suitcase). I got on my bike and rode slowly home.  I don't know if I have really let myself feel the sadness of leaving, of closing a chapter in my life. When I arrived back in my neighborhood I cried. I cried with sadness, with thankfulness, with regret, at satisfaction, for the times I wished I could be at home and for the times I was so happy I was here. I didn't know whether to laugh, hug myself, cry madly, or scream...but all seemed to be present at that moment. At times, I am sure I might have Terrets. I guess it is hard to explain personal revelations, but the only question that came to my mind tonight was, "How in the hell did I make it?" In fact, I said it out loud. Self-conscious, paranoid, worried Shelli, had made it. Through a year. When I left Ohio, my sister wrote me a letter that said, "I hope you don't go crazy being there by yourself. I know how you are." My mom had told me, "You can't even do teaching plans for your lessons without freaking out. Why do you think you can live in Japan?" Fine words of encouragement. I know they love me and they do know me best. But I made it. By myself. Who would have thought? I ended the night by dropping the bike on my foot, still crying, and scaring some Japanese people around me. Big, goofy, white person. What is it like to be different? What was it like to be the only natural brown/blond person on a train? I had never known until I came to Japan.