i couldn't remember if i used that title or not...  and a note to Phil: buy me that hat and i'll buy you all the Olsen twins posters Phil JR can handle! haha. remind me one day and i'll show you a baby pic of me, i look like them when they were on full house. but i don't anymore because i'm not anerexic!   so i didn't do much today. i hung out with the girls and we watched animal planet and played outside and watched The Haunted Mansion. so omg the neighbors are having work done on their house, they were doing stuff with the yard and what not yesterday and today they had ppl working on the roof. so all morning we heard them banging around. Hannah asked if we could go outside so we did. the second i stepped onto the porch something didn't feel right.. i just had this weird feeling. and then it hit me. it was silent outside aside from some birds chirping. i looked up and every single one of those guy had stopped what they were doing and were looking at me, and grining and a couple were waving. so i waved back and said hey! lol. OMG it was soo funny. the girls had a friend over today and his mom use to be a translater for some company.. anyway she asked if i spoke spanish (which makes that 2 ppl in one week so maybe i should learn). and then she followed it with a "omg i'm glad you don't.. those guys... omg..". so i made sure every time i walked by i smiled up at them. all i could think of was teri saying "stop provoking them!".   anyway another thing to babble about. i stopped by to see brandon today. i'm not sure why but i did. and it wasn't that bad. he was fun to hang out with and i realized that we never really acted much like a couple in the first place, we never held hands, he never held me, we only kissed good bye.. which makes me look at the relationship i have with Becky! we're always holding hands and kissin' and all that lol. i love you gurl! anyway i can't think of one person that would read this and think "cool ashley and brandon are friends again" but i don't want you guys to freak out. he'll be ok, i trust him and i want you guys to trust my judgement even tho i've made some mistakes in the past.. we all do it and you know that..