Because this journal is for "recording the journey," I'm posting an email exchange between a teacher-friend and me.  Meg, who researches teaching strategies in low-income communities, sent me this advice:  1. Confidence is key. You must always be confident in your decisions as a teacher. By this I don't mean that you have to discipline every second or be mean, but, if you don't discipline, you sure as hell better have a mean, confident stare. If you think back, I bet you remember that your best teachers never sent anyone to the office, because no one ever fronted on them.  2. Don't try to make every lesson earth-shattering and spectactular. I tried to do this and wore myself out. The kids don't expect every lesson to be moving and perfect and exciting. Some days you are just goign to have to pass out a worksheet, and that's that. But do try to be great every chance you can.  3. It is less important that you enforce the "rules," than that you try to figure out why certain kids are always breaking the rules. Get beneath the surface on the "trouble" kids, and they may become your best students.  4. Don't praise too often or the kids will stop believing you.   ***   I sent her this email, "Ramblings of a young, inexperiences teacher-to-be," on May 10, 2004:  Meg, thank you so much for the much needed encouragement.  Right now, I'm in the middle of a crash course on teaching theory coupled with school observations.  Teach for America's philosophy is that students should have a (measurable) BIG GOAL to work towards, something that motivates them and their families, makes the teacher purposeful in all lesson-planning, and causes her to continually self-evaluate her teaching practices.  (A la Calculus teacher Jamie Escalante from  Stand and Deliver .)  Okay.  So I'm getting that.  I got totally lost on the whole lesson-planning unit--especially the part about grouping the state's standards into like content and then ordering them.  Also the part about planning goal-based, project-based, or theme-based units.  I've got a feeling that I'm going to lose a grip on the theoretical stuff when I actually get there.  *sighs*  I am excited that the material is all geared towards teaching within low-income communities.  Lots of discussions about poverty, culture, prejudices, sensitivity, importance of involving parents, etc.  There's so much talk about these things that I can't imagine learning teaching theory without having these discussions.  (I remember you complaining at MU that there wasn't enough discussion.)   I was happy to read your advice.  The thing about not complimenting them too much sounded strange but made perfect sense.  I also liked the idea that not all lessons have to express something deep, profound, human, mysterious, etc.  I think I'm gonna have a hard time with the whole "It's not personal, there's something deeper, something behind the misbehavior, and if you just find it, you can stop it and change the kid's life" thing.  I tend to take things personally.  (It's a fault of mine, I know.)  So, I was wondering if you could explain your advice on that particular subject a little more, whenever you get the chance.   I'm really excited about making a fun, colorful classroom.  I know, I should probably be more excited about making sound lessons...but how cute are elementary classrooms?!  I remember reading something in a feminist class that it's important to have both primary and jewel colors, because boys' toys are generally in primary colors, while girls' toys are in jewel colors.  So when girls get to school and everything is in primary colors, it's an environment they're already at-odds with.   In my readings, I'm trying to figure out the balance between maintaining a sense of order and efficiency and feeling like a Nazi.  I mean this business of kids always having to raise their hands or walking single-file with their hands clasped in front of them...well, sounds a little facist.  Of course, Teach for America makes a good point about needing to maximize efficiency, so that you don't lose valuable teaching time.  Still, I was never one to feel that kids should be so...uniform in their actions.  Kids are messy, squirmy, excitable, strange little devils.  What's your take on that, Ms. Schleppenbach?   Okay.  I've got to go and do more observations.  On Friday, I observed a teacher who I was an aide for in high school. She let me read a story to the kids.  That was fun.  All the teachers refer to me as Ms. Polk.  That's a trip, but I suppose I should get used to it.   Your friend, Ms. Polk   PS  They use corporal punishment where I'm going to teach.  That's very scary.