Ok, I am obviously neurotic.  I know this.  And if anyone were ever to read this, I want you to know that in the real world, I am coherent, intelligent, witty, cute and interesting.  To look at me,  you would never know what a mess I am.  So, this blog is really an outlet for all those feelings that I never let anyone else see.  The self-analysis that goes with a quarter-life crisis that no one is allowed to know about.  Hence the anonimity.  I woke up again this morning early and experiencing a slight panic attack.  3:30am, and I am breathing like I just climb 3 flights of stairs - not a full blown panic attack, but there is no reason that my heart should be beating so fast.  I talked to the one person that I truly lean on in Halifax (and I suppose in life) yesterday, M. I hinted that I was feeling uneasy about some things, and M suggested that I buy some tryptophan from a health food store. I think everyone knows that tryptophan is the chemical in Turkey that makes you tired after thanksgiving dinner so that you want to unbutton your pants and dooze infront of some horrific parade on TV, but tryptophan is also a precursor for seretonin.  Seretonin is a neurotransmitter in the brain that is responsible for, among other things, positive emotion.  Seretonin makes you happy.  One class of antidepressants block the re-uptake of seretonin after it's release so that it can have more of an effect on the target neuron. The action of these antidepressants also encourage neurogenesis in the hippocampus in the long-run, relating back my first entry about my head possibly feeling a bit smaller.   FYI - The designer drug ecstasy also has an effect on seretonin, first causing all of the seretonin stored in cells to be released, then blocking the reuptake so that it can continue to have an effect on the target cells.  So it seems like a good idea to drop a few tabs of tryptophan now and then.   By the way, the experts seem to agree: depression and anxiety are simply different symptoms for the same pathology.  So even though I would describe myself as anxious, not depressed, there is a blurring between what treatments might work for me.