I am on day 40 of the  urlLink Order this book now and invest 40 days of your life 40 days of purpose devotional by Rick Warren   I can not tell you how blessed I am by having invested these last 40 days in this devotional study.  I actually took a bit longer than 40 days to do this study.  That is ok though, I believe that my doing it the way I did it did not take away from the message in the book.  Now that I am finished I have some homework to do.  There are some questions and/or drills in the book that I need to go investigate and spend time meditating and writing these things down.  I am telling all of my friends and associates that I have contact with to get THE BOOK.  Atleast one of my friends that I know DID actually get the book and is working through it.  Praise God for that.  I am so excited about it too.  I am so convinced that this book is going to bless others that I am going to try and buy atleast one book per pay day to give away to someone that might need it or want it and can not afford it. Before I go any further with my thoughts below I want to say that I believe that this book is written to an audience of people that already know who Christ is and have embraced GRACE and are walking the walk of faith seeking Jesus Christ as Lord.  That does not mean that a non believer could not SEE the character of God portrayed in this book.  The book does not examine the consequences of NOT accepting Grace nor does it highlight the fact that we as believers were once sinners and that we are required to REPENT of our sins (change our minds and turn away from our old sin nature and life style) as an integral part of our salvation.     Where do I go with this now that I am done?  I have been compelled to change things in my life.  The question is WILL I CHANGE those things in my life that need to be changed?  I will say that this book has certainly broadened my thinking with regards to my "views" on church tradition.  There are biblical facts that we know because we have read, studied and meditated upon Gods word.  Then there are traditional views that we hold because we were taught those things over the years without having investigated their validity for ourselves. These ideals or precepts have been engrained in us because of years of church practice and tradition.  For instance the thought that we listen to Christian music at church and call it Worship music.  The only way that we can tell that worship music is worship music is because of lyrics that give God praise , honor and glory.  Without the words the music would be MUSIC.  Another thing I learned is the difference between worship and ministry.  I used to think that ministry equated to teaching bible studies , preaching or reaching out to the community.  This book tells me that anything that I do that involves any type of spiritual fruit, spiritual gifts or natural talents for the betterment of the church and its people is ministry.  Ministry is doing acts of service to the body of Christ.  When I do those acts of service no matter what they are I am worshipping God through my deeds.  This book has helped me to define and re discover my SHAPE for ministry.    Ok, that is all you are going to get from me on the "content" of this book for now. Now to switch gears for a bit with posing a question to meditate upon.  How many bible studies, sermons or seminars do we need to attend to become more like Christ?  Has our religion become the pursuit of knowledge or is it our acting out that which we already know to be truth?  Is our religion and relationship with Christ emotionally driven where we must feel good in order to validate our faith and be obedient?  We are ambassadors for Christ sent out into the world to preach the good news to the lost , sick and dying of this world.  Jesus did not come into this world to save the religious people.  Jesus came to this world to save the sick and dying people.  Jesus knew that without him and his gift and ministry that we were doomed for eternal separation from God.  Jesus Christ had a MISSION to fulfill and he fulfilled it when he died on the cross for the sins of mankind , past present and future.  The bible clearly states that Gods mission should now be our mission.  Instead of pursuing material wealth and being wealth builders we should be busy at being KINGDOM builders.  I have been compelled to examine my purpose for living.  It is NOT about me but it IS about God.  It is not about the messenger it is about the MESSAGE.  Jesus Christ crucified and resurrected to give us life.  My purpose is not to just figure out HOW to pay the bills and live from one day at a time.  Life is more than mere survival.  God came that we might have ABUNDANT life and the only way we can have ABUNDANT LIFE is to fulfill Gods purposes in our lives.    I have to say that all of this is some what overwhelming to me. I look back at what I have read and am learning with regards to this book and I have to say that you should probably study and meditate on the book and its 1200 scripture references over a much longer time period than 40 days.  I know people who are on their third reading and are still getting new nuggets of truth from it.  Am I implying above that we should abandon our responsibilities of going to work and paying bills or take away quality time from our family responsibilities.  No, I am certainly not saying that.  One of the things that this book talks about at the very end is about prioritizing our lives in such a way that we remove the JUNK from our lives.  Junk that has not eternal value and only momentary value for TODAY.  We live in a feel good society and the world says if it FEELS good do it.  As Christians we no longer do what FEELS good because we have been taught that our hearts are deceitfully wicked and that there are consequences for acting out to make our flesh happy when it wants to FEEL good.  I am like you in that I have TIME that could be better prioritized and spent in ministry and worship.  That means that I will need to change some habits and my thinking ABOUT those things.    You can follow my 40 Day journey as I discovered Gods Purpose for my life by reading my blog here.  I published my devotional notes so that I could share what I am learning and now going to attempt to DO in my life.  Please pray for me as I meditate and PURPOSE in my heart to CHANGE.  Through the pain, onward to battle and victory!!!  God bless