Colonial History AND Babes?    by Drew  Like Pete, I have been watching   Colonial House   on PBS, but unlike Pete, my interest goes a little beyond cocktail-party depth:  I have a master's in colonial American history and next fall, I will begin my PhD in the subject.  Naturally, I have some complaints: the voiceover is prone to sweeping generalizations, and the native issue is rushed through in a business-like, "let's-take-our-pc-medicine-and-be-done-with-it" way, despite the clear conflict it raises with the group.  The producers don't highlight the baldly racist remark from the Texas minister's wife, who tells her son that Indians are still a menace: "Don't you watch the ten o'clock news?"  I wonder if that remark got back to John, who is part Pauite Indian, although his main concern seems to be avoiding yanks on his leash by his wife, Michelle.   Michelle is a real piece of work; she's at her best scowling while being tied to the post with a scarlet D (for "dissembler") pinned to her frock.  Not that she didn't have it coming, the skinny-dipping-on-Sabbath Jezebel. I love how, as Pete notes, she saddles her kid with BOTH a uniquely-pronounced ethnic first name and an awkward hyphenated last name.  Of course, the real strength of the show is not history.  It's seeing PBS do reality TV.  They refuse to distill their subjects into the usual reality-show archetypes, leaving me empathizing with people I did not expect to.  How is it that I, the future member of the liberal intelligentsia, end up largely siding with Jeff, the Republican, homophobic, Southern Baptist minister?    It's not just because his daughter Bethany is a fox.  It's because Jeff, despite his flaws, is an admirable leader, father, and person.  He surprises me again and again, particular in his decision not to coerce people into attending Sabbath services, believing that it just isn't right.  He is a sharp contrast to Don, the lefty religion professor with a ham-faced second wife, who DOES want to force people into the congregation simple to be true to the historical experiment.  Throughout this struggle, you can't help but admire Jeff's walk-the-talk brand of Christianity more than Don's lecturing approach to faith.  Ned Flanders trumps Reverend Lovejoy.  But, in a later episode that deals with an indentured servant coming out of the closet, we learn that Don warmly accepts his lesbian daughter while Jeff disapproves of how the servant turned the Sabbath into a day of gay acceptance.  Still, even in an intolerant moment, Jeff surprises. He does not rain brimstone down on the "sinner," and he does seem somewhat sympathetic to his castmate's struggle for identity.  (However, his wife looks upset to find that a homosexual has infiltrated her little Puritan village.)      Colonial House   has its problems.  Unforeseen events, including a real-life tragedy that causes constant cast changes, make the show seem disjointed and messy, although, as the narration is always quick to point out, uncertainty and change defined the early colonial period.  Historically, the show does a fine job with "living history" (i.e., exploring material conditions of the past) but has only mediocre success with "critical history" (i.e., exploring the causes, motivations, and morals of the past).    Too often, the show and its participants blunder into thinking that just because they've replicated the physical conditions of an early New England, they now have instant access into the colonists' psychic and social world.  They don't, of course.  When one man compares the strict colonial laws to "Nazi Germany," he inadvertently makes a bigger point: these people are lousy historians.  While they do gain some insight into the logistical problems of colonists, they end up learning far more about the present than the past.