urlLink High School Biology Textbooks Do Not Meet National Standards. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by David L. Haury.   From the ERIC Digest:   Apparently bigger is not better when it comes to selecting biology textbooks. That is the conclusion of a recent study by Project 2061, the ongoing science and mathematics education reform effort of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS, 2000). Following the publication of guidelines for what scientifically literate students should know and be able to do (AAAS, 1989, 1993), Project 2061 began developing a curriculum-materials analysis process (Kulm, Roseman, & Treistman, 1999) to determine the degree to which science and mathematics textbooks are aligned with the National Science Education Standards established by the National Research Council (NRC, 1996), Benchmarks (AAAS, 1993) and other standards. Previous reports of the Project 2061 group have focused on science textbooks for the middle grades (Roseman, Kesidou, Stern, & Caldwell, 1999), mathematics textbooks for the middle grades (AAAS, 1999), and algebra textbooks (Kulm, 2000) (Available online at www.project2061.org/newsinfo/ research/textbook/index.htm). All four studies found serious weaknesses in the science and mathematics textbooks evaluated, the most widely used science and mathematics textbooks in American schools. These are sobering findings given the extent to which teachers use textbooks to guide instruction and determine curriculum content (Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development, 1997).   EVALUATION PROCESS   Two independent teams of biology teachers, science curriculum specialists, and professors of science education evaluated each of ten leading biology textbooks and teacher guides. (AAAS, 2000) using a benchmarks-based process (Kulm & Roseman; 1999). For more details on the evaluation teams, see the description online at www.project2061.org/newsinfo/research/textbook/hsbio/about.htm. The evaluation process included both content analysis and instructional analysis.