Ok, so this seems like a cool idea, but how can it be "free"???  hmmmm... Here is the low down on our big adventure yesterday:  Trevor, Pat, Uncle John and I were hanging out while Forrest and Papa worked on Papa's will.  Suddenly, the front door bursts open and two sweaty girls (they would be Emilie and Paige) are screaming that there is a boy stuck in a hole.  Trevor, Uncle John, Forrest and I rush out (well, I had to flip my high heeled sandals off first--how can one save a child from a hole in those things??  How do I even walk in them...oops, another matter entirely) the back door and through the back gate that leads to the cement encased bayou that runs behind my grandfather's house.  Paige and Emilie lead us to the drainage hole that they say they heard a boy yell "help!" from.  We can't see or hear anything.  The girls are pretty sure someone's in there though.  I go ahead and call 911.  In the meantime Trevor has gone over to the other side of the bayou and appears to be entering the hole.  He still can't hear or see anything.  I can't get very close because the people who live two houses down from my grandfather and uncle don't mow the section of grass behind their fence and I keep stepping on sticker burs.  Emilie and Paige keep inching closer to the very shallow, but very green and icky water at the bottom of the steep cement wall.  Within a few minutes two patrol cars drive up and first one and then another Pasadena Police Officer approach from the side where Trevor and Forrest are standing.  (The child is stuck in a drainage hole that is on the side opposite from my grandfather's house.)  They ask a few questions then go down to have a look themselves.  The dark haired officer goes to his car and gets his jacket, then returns to the drain.  The blonde officer is still shining his flashlight in the hole.  (They were both pretty good lookin I just have to add, because well, i wouldn't be me if I didn't add that.  Very young. Very polite.)  I figure we'll just go about our merry way now that no hysterical boy has been pulled from the muck.  I call out to the officers that I'll be at 1106 and they say they'll call me if/when they need me.  Uncle John, the girls and I retreat to the santuary of the house.  (It was 90F and no shade on the bank of the bayou).  No sooner do we enter the den when we hear sirens blaring.  We peek out the window and now see at least 5 or 6 additional vehicles.  The fire fighters are wearing their gear and appear to be looking into several man holes which I can only assume connect to the soon to be infamous hole. My cell phone rings.  The officers want to speak to me.  We rush out to Forrest's green Explorer and he deposits me and the girls.  He and Pat drive off into the sun.  The girls give their account of the events leading up to and immediately following their discovery of the boy in the ditch.   It went something like this:  "First we heard a loud banging.  We screamed and ran.  Then we came back because we thought we heard voices."  'You didn't see anyone else around?', Blonde Cop.  "No.  No one else was out there but us.  He yelled 'help!'"  'How did the voice sound?', Dark-haired dancer, I mean officer (I kept getting a little confused cause he sorta reminded me of that boy at LaBare ;-) inquired.  "It was a little boy, maybe 5 or 6 or maybe 9-10."  'Was the voice loud?' from either the blonde or the brunette, I can't really recall.  When was the last time I went to LaBare anyway?  I think Desi and Shauna said they were gonna take me to some club.  hmmmmm They make the decision to enter the drainpipe since there is the possibility that a kid is down there.  They just want to be thorough.   By this point men from the water department and addtional fire fighters have arrived.  The I think fire marshal informs us of the risks involved to his men (methane gas, etc.) and that they will look as far as they can, but that they have a camera on the way that they can slink through the pipe where the officers can't reach.  He mentions something about growing up around here and riding his dirt bike along the banks.  I don't recognize him, but I'm sure he wouldn't recognize me either, even if we knew each other.  I must mention again that all of these men were so very polite.  Amazingly polite.  Strange.  I'm surrounded by such polite and friendly people these days.  It's so very bizarre.  Quite refreshing, just BIZARRE.  God, I do NOT miss my job.   Anyway, the camera finally arrives and we watch them insert it into the pipe.  They don't see anything.  All those men leave.  No sauntering about.  They were there, then they were gone.  All those trucks, all those men.  Gone.  It's truly amazing how efficiently and quickly it all happens.  On to the next drama... Mr. May (he wears his hair short and spiky, like the boys in Emilie's class.  God, Trevor's gonna kill me when he reads this.) jots down my name, driver's license number, name of my eyewitness daughter.  I thank him profusely, shake his hand and we're off.   I forgot to mention that while we waited we discovered this tree with these little red berries all over it.  They look sorta like tiny strawberries.  I dropped the leaf that I was gonna use to attempt to identify it with.   So, we didn't have time to swim so Em and Paige (she is Emilie's cousin, by the way--Let it BURNNN.  Usher is only good when Ludacris helps him, just in case you didn't know that) played in the sprinkler and covered themselves in mud.  All the sugar kicked in and Em had a meltdown.  A major meltdown.  She would absolutely kill me if she knew I wrote this so she can't read it.  She can't know about LaBare yet anyway. She slid in the back door and it was funny.  I laughed.  A lot.  Apparently people who care about their children do not laugh at them in their time of need.  She did admit at dinner that it was funny.  disclaimer:  Particular details may have been slightly exaggerated or improved upon for the amusement of the reader and kimpossible.