dude, few things are better, more relaxing uses of a saturday afternoon than rolling up your sleeves, getting out a hose, a bucket, and a sponge, and handwashing your car.  it's all the better when you happen to be in a warm enough place that can even do this in shorts on the last weekend in december!  i've missed being able to do that in NJ since i live in an apartment instead of a house, but since i'm visiting here in memphis, i have the front driveway to do that as much as i please.  just spent over an hour out there even scrubbing down the wheels pretty good... not perfect, but the best they've looked in months, and i'll get it all again the day or two before i leave town again and get everything nice and shiny... next project?  vacuum out all the upholstry/floor mats, and treat the leather seats and clean the dash... brother's said before the only other people he knows who fuss over how their cars look as much as me are guys, but whatever... another thing to make me strange =P  on the other hand, to line up w/ my car-filled afternoon, dad's begun getting fussy on me again... we generally are at odds with each other over something or another that i'd rather just let go, but he keeps on going... he's fussed about little things all week, but we've basically kept the peace... i guess we did today too so far but he's starting to get to me... first he was mad b/c the mailman came while i was out in the driveway working on my car and i failed to get a package from the mailman that now we have to wait til monday to get.  then he chewed me out for not eating beets at lunch... then he threw stuff at me and yelled and told me "no matter what i do it's never good enough" when he gave me double A batteries for my fire alarm that died earlier in the week, and i told him "thanks, but it takes a 9V battery instead, these won't fit"... he's also been at least twice a day telling me that he's proud of me but doing math is unnatural and wouldn't i like to study something nice like plants or animals... he counts his animals every day -- that's math and that should be good enough for me... i guess my point by listing all of this is... he's starting to grate away at me again... all of these are pretty petty/silly things to argue about and i don't really want to, but dad has this habit of going and going and going and going, and it gets old fast... i dunno.  at any rate, had fun w/ jenny yesterday, in 4 hours i'll head over to jessica's for dinner and a movie (mona lisa smile) -- excited about that too. =)  the end for now. =)  yay for friends, and hopefully dad will learn to chill a little too. =)