Wow today was a full day.  I got up and moving early, ate some breakfast and made it to my first destination; the war remnants museum.  This was a pretty interesting place as it delt with the Vietnam War(or American War, depending on what side you were on).  The museum had a decidedly anti-American slant to it, go figure.  But regardless it did a good job of showing the horrors of war.  We pulled out all the stops trying to beat them.  Our chemical weapons and napalm did some terrible stuff to people.  We lost about 57,000 men and killed well over a million VC and yet they still managed to win.  I would call that beating the odds.  After that I wanted to go to the reunification palace but Vietnam has this really annoying habit where places shut down for like 2hrs for lunch.  That is crazy, a 2 hour lunch break.  Jeez, what a pain in the ass.  All kinds of places do it like museums and government buildings.  Anyway it wasn't that big a deal as there was plenty more to keep me occupied.  I then made my way over to Saigon's Notre Dame Cathedral.  Nice, but doesn't compare to the real thing.  I then hit up a state of the art shopping/entertainment center.  This was obviously where all the tourist with too much money came to remedy that problem.  It had a theater (but all the movies were dubbed in Vietnamese), a really upscale department store, bowling lanes, an arcade, a pc room, a hotel, all kinds of other assorted offices and a KFC.  Anyone remember Seaseme street?  The part where they ask "which one of these is not like the others?"  So of course I made a pit stop at KFC to grab lunch.  I supersized, but I have to say the size wasn't all that super.  But the sandwich was plenty good and I have to admit it was good to taste some western fast food.  I then rolled back to check out the palace.  It really isn't a palace, that's just a clever name, more like some kind of offical building of some sort.  Anyway I gave it walking throuh.  Damnit someone who has speakers on there comp (most have headphones) has had the same song on repeat for like the last 20 minutes and it's driving me nuts.   So next on the agenda was to mail some postcards.  Yes I'd already bought and written them during my lunch break.  I think the way the government makes most of it's money is through the postal system.  It's got to be.  Local mail is cheap, but if you want to send something international you better take out a loan.  So they have all these kids peddling postcards for dirt cheap but when you go to send them they gouge your eyes out.  Anyway it was painful so anyone that recieves a postcard you better appreciate it.   So postcards sent and now it's off to the HCMC museum.  Nice but nothing special.  Still on a crazy museum kick I rolled through the middle to town, which is really nice and found a rather small not often visited museum dedicated to HCM's successor.  I can't remember his name and I think only the Vietnamese know he existed.  The museum turned out to be really nice with air con and everything.  I also had a guy take me around and show me stuff.   So I walked around more after that.  It's probably 5 at this point.  It is really hard to describe how nice and modern and developed the city is.  I decided to eat dinner at the Hard Rock Saigon.  The only catch is there really isn't a Hard Rock Saigon.  The restaurant is a fake.  I knew this before heading there but I wanted to go just because.  It was pretty small and not nearly and glamorous.  Instead of great rock'n roll instruments, suites, records and whatnot they had some posters of 80's hair bands.  Almost as cool.   I did some more exploring after that and I think I found some sort of Korea town.  There were a handfull of Korean restaurants but that was about it.  I hit a bookstore and then went home.  Man I'm super tired.  Time to go hit the hay so I can giver tomorrow.  I have more to say but that is for another time when I can think.  Until that time, good night.