Man I'm in shock you found my page Jack.  Jack Milam is my friend from the good old world of GT and somehow found my page on the net.  I've tried to find it but I've only ever just put my name in and looked for it and nothing came up.  It is really good to hear from you Jack.  I'll  give everyone a real quick history.  Jack and I were in the same frat and ended up in a couple classes together too.  What about that derivative securities class we had at like 8 am? That sucked ass.  But the best were the two old guys who taught management of financial institutions, what were their names?  Anyway this is my little journal of Korean happenings and misadventures.  And without further delay I'll get right into it.   This week has been up and down.  I was planning on taking a trip to Shanghai with Fenton next week so I called the travel agent and asked when could we come in and settle up and get everything squared away.  He said Monday was good for him so I was that's cool.  Well he calls back 15min later and says that the Chinese have refused to issue me a visa b/c my passport is full.  What the hell?  First of all it isn't full.  There aren't any blank pages but there are the amendments and endorsements pages in the back.  Anyway that doesn't fly.  So I end up having to blow off a work and go downtown and do all this paper work so that he can have someone run my passport to Seoul to have more pages added at the American embassy and then run over to the Chinese Embassy for the visa and then returned to Daegu.  But luckily he called yesterday and said everything was ok.  I'm not sure exactly what that means but it seems like a good sign.  I'm just waiting for something else to go wrong.  On an touching note I shared a moment with my cab driver as we both listened to Celine Dion's "the power of love" as I rode to the travel agency.  He didn't really speak any English but he loved some Celine Dion.  I have to admit, she isn't too bad. I fucking hurt my knee at Gypsy Rock last night.  I first twisted it or something in the gym on New Year's Eve and I some how reaggrivated it.  Man I wasn't doing anything crazy either, what a pain in the ass.  Last night started out slow but it was salvaged thanks to the hard work of Brad and Tim.  We were supposed to have boys night out but that kind of all fell apart as Sarah was going to have her B-day and that kind of took priority.  I ended up sitting in Seattle's for a bit but finally got a hold of Tim and then Gabe and then Brad.  We went to The Commune for a bit but I just have a very low tolerance for that place nowadays.  We had a pitcher and left.  Tim, Brad and I hit Bellagio which wasn't exactly happening but we downed a pitcher and some soju there and then hit GR.  This was a lot of fun.  There were a ton of people there for a Friday night.  Tim split out early, by that I mean around 3 maybe.  Brad and I got some food and then we called it a night.  I was a little miffed at how boys night fell apart at first.  I vowed I would never try and organize another night out.  But on further reflection I think I lied and I'll defenatly have to do it again.  I had such a good time with just 3 people if we were at full strength it would have nuts.  Anyway I'm tired and I'm just babbling now. Tonight I should be meeting Hey-Sook to watch a movie and then eat raw fish.  Things seem to be going well with her but you can never tell with these Korean girls.  Becky let me know when you want to eat sam gyup sal.  I've tried to call but you haven't been home.  Sam gyup sal, for those who don't know, is a cut of pork that is essentially bacon that is cooked on an open grill and is absolutely delicious.  I must say though that is should eaten in moderation for eating too much will do strange things to you, I know.  I think I have more to say but I can't think of it.  Oh wait, yeah I can.  If anyone wants the pair of silver earrings that I bought let me know.  Also why are silver hoop earrings so hard to come by in Korea?  Shit I left my scarf at GR last night.  Not that it's really important but I hope Kennon had the presence of mind to pick it up.  He brought some girl who had been told I was the most handsome foreigner in Daegu.  No lie that is what she told me.  That is the kind of press I like to get.  I wonder who told her that.   I am so looking forward to the time off next week.