Now I’ve got a bit more time on my hands I should try and write a little more (did you see that? “try and write” rather than “try to write”: I talk like this so why not write like this? – how language evolves!) Anyway I just travelled across Russia from Ulaanbaatar to Moscow by train, which was a far less unpleasant experience than one might have thought. I got a great send off from my Mongolian colleagues and the rather dubious leaving present of a CD of Mongolian orchestral music (the most nauseatingly sentimental kitsch imaginable). It was far too hot and I had far too much luggage. Northern Mongolia was much as I expected, the usual rocky rolling landscape. Passed through Darkhan, which actually looked a pretty pleasant place in a socialist city on the steppe kind of way. Near the border I finally saw some fields for the first time since I left the UK. At the border everything becomes much more lush, indeed crossing the border at night, the sky was black with flashes of distant lightening and it soon started raining. Hence the impression, Mongolia: Dry, rocky; Russia: wet, lush. It made one wonder about the historical reasons for the border being where it is. Clearly the Russians took the good bit and left the arid rough grazing to the south as Mongolia. Travelling along the shore of lake Baikal was for me the highlight of the whole train journey. The landscape of mountains, lush valleys and shear grandeur of the lake was quite stunning and even more so than before lake Baikal is a place I would really like to visit in a proper and prolonged fashion. After charming Irkutsk, Siberia starts to get a bit samey, endless even. Once in Russian the landscape changes very little all the way to the Baltic. Nevertheless after a year in harsh Mongolia the meadows, forests and cottages of Siberia were refreshing and quite beautiful.   I would have liked to take lots of photographs from the train. However it seems to be a feature of Russian trains that the windows cannot be opened, or at least only with a special key kept by the guard, so there wasn’t really any occasion for photography.   On the train I had to live on noodles. The sense of the passage of time became rather skewed, days and nights drifted into each other. But oddly the movement of the train helped insure that I never really became bored. I was rereading Woolf’s ‘The Waves’ a book of stunning introspective beauty. It seemed fitting given time alone and the flux of landscape around me.  It was very interesting to see the Ural Mountains. Most people have heard of the Urals but doubt most of them could form an image of them. Indeed they are hardly mountains at all, more reminiscent of the Black Forest than the Alps. They are low, forested and only in a few places were there rock outcrops.   The landscape of European Russia particularly the approaches to Moscow reminded me of Stalinist propaganda posters; utopian visions of socialist skyscraper cities rising out of the great Russian plain. Such a vision is partially realised in Moscow itself especially in its metro and the spires scattered on the skyline by Stalin. I wonder what could have been had Hitler never invaded the Soviet Union had developed unhindered on Stalin’s course. I once saw some clips from the late 30’s film ‘New Moscow’ and am also acquainted with a Geographical Magazine article of the time outlining Soviet plans for the development of Moscow into a modern city. I fully recognise the nightmare reality of the Soviet era but I am far from immune to the romance of Soviet Communism, the iconography, the utopian vision. It’s quite compelling for me and I have to wonder if I had lived at the time would I have been caught up in ‘Communism’? Would I have been able to see through it as we all can now?   The Moscow metro was as wonderful as I remember. Though I can recognise it as kitsch I actually quite like Socialist Realist art. For me it is a continuation and renewal of the tradition of European religious art. One complaint about the metro is that it lacks clear station signs that can be seen from the train. They are their to be fair but they are normally bronze and don’t stand out from a distance.  In most respects Moscow seemed like just another large European city.  On the plane home I was reintroduced to the world of English stereotypes. I sat next to two girls whose irritating accents and trivial talk of office social events and Big Brother housemates represents everything in life I feel compelled to refuse.