The lesson I am planning could be used in a business financial management class or an introductory lesson for a class on entrepreneurship. It will focus on the creation of a business plan - its parts, their components and its importance to the success of any business.   All businesses, large or small, have a business plan. Currently, 90% of newly created jobs are created by small businesses and 65% of small businesses fail.   The sites will be used to supplement the textbook and allow the students to delve deeper into the creation of a business plan. At the present time, I envision the lesson to include a small group project where each group will be an "angel network" or "venture capitalists", who will review three plans and decide which, if any, plan they would fund and for how much.  Each group will need to create a final report justifying their decision. These reports will be presented by the group to the whole class.   The sites I've chosen are:  urlLink www.sbaonline.sba.gov  This is the website for the Small Business Administration. The site contains useful information and resources for small businesses.   urlLink www.toolkit.cch.com  This is the CCH website. CCH INCORPORATED is a leading provider of business, legal, and tax information and software to the business community. It contains the tools to help start, run and grow a successful small business.   urlLink www.bplan.com/samples/sba.cfm  This site contains sample business plans for small businesses in a variety of industries. Students will be able to review plans for the types of businesses that interest them.   urlLink www.incmagazine.com  This is the website for Inc. magazine, a magazine for entrepreneurs.  Two other sites that could be accessed for articles pertinent to this topic, but are also good resources for business articles in general:  urlLink www.work911.com  This site contains links to over 2000 work related articles.  urlLink www.smartbiz.com  This site has as a tag line "How small businesses get big" and contains links to business related articles that would be of special interest to small business owners.  One final site business teachers and students may find useful:  urlLink www.khake.com  This site has business, management and finance career resources. It has links for career exploration, skills, schools, and job market. It contains links to other sites, articles, search engines, strategies and tutorials.