From:  Margo   Date: May 23, 2004 01:21 PM  Subject: here’s my response to your blog  Body: (Read your blog last week. Finally figured out how to get there and here’s my response)   True, I doubted you but I never hated you (believe me because if I did, I would have made a drastic move a long time ago.) I have been accused of being tactless, insensitive and I plead guilty to all of them. Sometimes, I do say things without much thought of the consequences. It is with much effort now that I keep things to myself; keep things that I know people would not want to hear.   To be honest, I never quite understood your sarcasm, your anger and your hatred. After you sent me your hate mail, I went through the letter I wrote for you …hoping to figure out what made you tick. I wasn’t successful. I distinctly remember you saying that no matter how beautifully I put my words together…its underlying message is clear and simple… I know you’re good at reading between the lines but sometimes it is best to take the words simply for what it meant and stood for. Over analyzing can cloud our judgment of things and often it would lead to misunderstandings. Just as so you’d know, I wrote that with no hidden agenda, no sub-text, and no ploys whatsoever. Don’t get me wrong; I’m not washing my hands clean as well. I know I’ve caused you unbearable pain by just existing. Anyway, tapos na yun. Apology accepted. =) I’m just so relieved to read your message. Thank you. I have said sorry to you too many times…But it wouldn’t kill me to say it again…I truly am sorry for everything.   Haven’t changed my mind about you…Remember when I told you that I like you kahit sa text and email lang? Well, I’m actually pretty positive that if things haven’t been the way they turned out to be, we would have been really good friends. Don’t worry about that smile… Though I have the reputation for being an ice queen…I could always melt for a friend. And oh! No one ever plans on having his/her heart broken… It just happens. Not exactly the most wonderful experience but it’ll come nonetheless.   Good luck…Life really is short so we’ve got to make the most of it. =)    PS:  Joel is working in ANC/ABS CBN as a news writer for almost a year now. He just recently had his first cover job. As for myself, I’m with Knowledge Channel Foundation (I’m their official station id/voice over), and ABS-CBN and Alta Production Group (GMA). I write and dub cartoons/animes/telenovelas/chinovelas. Been sick for a couple of months now (so this letter of yours is very timely…if I do go, I go with a clear conscience and a less burdened soul…not that I intend to die anytime now) I’m in therapy for more than a month. I’m trying to get by everyday… going through the usual motions of life and he has been with me all the way, worrying and crying with me. Sometimes I feel sorry for him. He just has too many plans and dreams for us. It isn’t all that bad really. I hope that God would pull me out of this and make it all better.   margo