Got an sms this morning regarding the demise of Mel's granny. To speak the truth, i wasn't very surprised when i heard this news as there were some symptoms weeks before this. But i was sad nevertheless. Just came back from the wake.   It made me notice that life is so fragile ( not that i neber know this before)....the more i need to be happy and cherish my short life span.   The gang was playing Mahjong at the wake and this time rd, mahjong is a spectator sport for me....not really in the mood to play though. I was standing behind the players and observing the way they play. It is as interesting, if not even more interesting than playing it myself. I got to see how each player sets themselves up to win and their style. Got to see all the tiles and observe and learn from them. Mahjong is indeed too profound for me. Not really a "sport" tat i would want to excel in. Firstly, i dont really like gambling becos i have seen some people close to me suffer at the hands on gambling........tats y u seldom see me bet 4D, Soccer....etc. Then, i dont have a clear head to analyse all the different methods. The reason i am occasionally playing these "games" is to ensure that at least i wont be cheated so easily by other people in the future. I dont like doesnt mean i dont know. Simple as that. BUt the game mahjong is one way i can interact and keep in contact with my friends. Found this to be a very good avenue.   Next, coincidentally saw Liling, Yanxin and Rouyun sitting in Tampines mall macdonalds chatting with jones and danny this evening. On my arrival, they started jioing me for an Ophir trip. I agreed. BUT they will go and plan....hahaha.....meantime i will go train up myself. Dowan to end up like the previous trip when i am shagged all the way..  Also got a new pair of shades from Weilun's Dad's optical shop to replace my old pair that broke ( confirm spoil one lor cos pirated producted from Cambodia...hahaha). Not bad....looks quite nice and fitting. The best part is that Weilun's Mum gave me a 30 bucks discount. Got the pair of shades for oni $65 bucks. Next time must got there patronise more liao...  Tired liao....koons liao...stay tuned Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know