Today is shaping up to be a wonderful day! The weather is perfect. Cloudy and cool. Reminds me of when we were in Washington. It is 73 degrees outside! Now, THAT'S the kind of weather I like.  Last night, I spent some time with friends because one is visiting from out of town, and there was this  huge  storm. It was nice because it brought the weather on today, but kinda scary.  Today is cleaning day. I have decided to tackle my counters and drawers in the bathroom and get them organized, then, if time permits, go into AbbieDabbie's bathroom and do the same. With school approaching so quickly, I need to get the stuff done on my "To-Do" list. And it's all the kind of stuff that is only done about once a year. Hehe.  Mom and Dad are outside working, and Abbie-girl is running back and forth between them and me showing and telling us about things she is finding (mostly she is finding stuff outside and then running inside to tell me about it :) )  Well, I am looking forward to spending tonight with more friends, but think I need to take Sunday night to catch up on my sleep. I think I got about an hour of sleep last night. I got home, fell into bed and fell asleep at a pretty decent hour, but I woke up about 30 minutes later and could not get myself to fall back to sleep. It really sucked, let me tell ya... Oh, well...that's life.  I am so excited about the concert...only 10 days. And so, for my final thought...some lyrics.   I missed you so much   That I begged you to fly here and see me   You must've broke down   'Cause you finally said that you would   But now that you're here   I just feel like I'm constantly dreaming   'Cause something's gotta go wrong   'Cause I'm feelin' way to damn good      For 48 hours I don't think that we left my hotel room   Should show you the sights   'Cause I'm sure that I said that I would   We gotta make love just one last time in the shower   Well something's gotta go wrong   'Cause I'm feelin' way to damn good      And it's like, every time I turn around   I fall in love and find my heart face down and   Where it lands is where it should   This time it's like   The two of us should probably start to fight   'Cause something's gotta go wrong   'Cause I'm feeling way to damn good, oh   Feelin' way too damn good      Sometimes I think best if left in the memory   It's better kept inside than left for good   Lookin' back each time they tried to tell me   Well something's gotta go wrong   'Cause I'm feelin' way too damn good  , oh   Feelin' way too damn good   Oh, oh, feelin' way too damn good      I missed you so much   That I begged you to fly here and see me   You must've broke down   'Cause you finally said that you would   But now that you're here   I just feel like I'm constantly dreaming   'Cause something's gotta go wrong   'Cause I'm feelin' way to damn good,   oh, oh   Feelin' way too damn good   (I missed you so much that I begged you to fly and see me)   Feelin' way too damn good   (I missed you so much that I begged you to fly and see me)      *  Nickelback   "Feelin' Way Too Damn Good"