Oh the Joy  Congrats on the job Morgan. I'm busy doing some work of my own. I'm writing to you all the way from Salmon Gums. I kinda left my work experience thingo to the last minute, and ended up not being able to find anywhere to go. So I decided to come up to the farm. Stupid work experience. I'd rather go to school than attend a week of work for free.  I shouldn't be complaining. It has been all that bad. There are a number of very good things about this week. Firstly, the food. Mum spent like the entire weekend cooking food to take up here. Secondly, driving is fun, weehee! I was allowed to drive the station wagon around (and for the record I did not crash, stall or do anything else bad to it. I even changed the gears. I feel so special! ^_^). Thirdly, is ISDN!! Kylie has ISDN which is internet at 128k. Last night I was downloading files at a whopping 15 KB/s. I was able to download some things I've been meaning to get in 3 minutes (they were ofcourse not illegal music files, that's just naughty...)  Badt things... hmmm... gate opening. I'm sorry, but I jsut can't stand it. It's so tedious going in and out of the car. Oh yeah, and the sows are all muddy. But the piglets are cute, so that makes up for it. Today there were three piglets that had been attacked by another sow.  Let me tell you one things: it gets bloody cold in a vehicle when there are no windows, no roof and doors. Yes, I am talking aobut the tractor. you would not believe you cold I got riding on the tractor feeding the pigs. It's a pity I left my jacket at the house when having lunch.  Ooh, I just remembered another good thing. As well as the standawrd lunch breaks we also stopped twice to go down the the roadhouse and get ice coffees, etc. Hurray.  As I am typing this Adelle is jumping on me playing "The Hickory Dickory Dock Game" on the ABC Kids site. This Blogger window has been resized so I can just see what words I'm typing and Adelle doesn't notice it. She's bloody good at computers and stuff. She knows how to navigate and use the entire ABC Kids site, even the jigsaw puzzles.  I'm tired. I had to wake up early. Meh. I stayed up till midnight playing with the ISDN, and still managed to wake up at like 7. Hell, I doubt I could do that at home even if I wqent to sleep at 7am the previous morning.  Uh oh, I have to go now. Adelles sticking in a Finding Nemo CD, and it's gonna play full screen. Seeya, I'll try and post tomorrow.  P.S. We went "Shoo Rooting" last night. It was rather uneventful. They only saw one fox, and they didn't even hit it.  Oh, by the way I have some photos to post on here as soon as I get home. They are my tips to room cleaning. Yes, I managed to clean my entire room... in a way.  Catchya later.