Back from my family trip. Everything there was pretty uneventful, which is the norm for the upstate relations. I left Saturday morning, expecting to get on the 9:51 train to Poughkeepsie. And I woulda made it, too, if it hadn't been for the amazing brilliance of the MTA. They decided to do construction on subway lines over the holiday weekend. So, halfway into the city, the train stops and the passengers are told they must disembark, as that train will be going no further. A door problem and a transfer later, I am at Grand Central. It is 10:15. I end up taking the 10:51 into Poughkeepsie with no further problems.   Grandma and Great-Aunt Freda pick me up at the station. What a pair, those two! Without getting too much into it, I'll just tell you that some people should not be enclosed in a moving vehicle together. Fights that ensued in the 24 hour time period I was with them include such great topics such as why one used so much of her maple syrup on her waffle and who felt dizziest when they stood up. Oy-vey!!  One upshot to hangin' with the Old Ladies is that I got taken to the movies. We saw "Raising Helen," which I can say that I was highly impressed with, despite the fact that I am not all that much of a Kate Hudson fan. Even (or should I say, "especially") with all the "whaddya ya mean, move to Queens?" comments, this particular bridge-and-tunnel girl was quite amused. (To top it off, she lives in a neighborhood that is close by, so seeing it would give you a representation of where I live.)  From there, I went to my cousin Dawn's and had much barbecue fare. Yum. Ended by seeing all 3 hours of the last Lord of the Rings movie. Have to say I think it woulda made more sense if I'd seen the second one.   This morning I went with Dawn, her three kids and my Aunt Sandy to the Red Hook Memorial Day parade. Cute and picturesque. And mercifully short, even though I swear any kid in a 5 town radius who had some sort of uniform - be it Boy Scout, baseball, soccer, basketball, cheerleader or whatever - walked past me, smiling and waving.   About 30 seconds after the last float went past (the third nursery school class being pulled on a hayride) Aunt Sandy and I took off to start my return journey to the city. Because of parade detours, we ended up missing my first departure time, but then decided that hour would be better spent having cake and coffee rather than idly waiting on the platform. (Aunt Sandy has the most fantastic ideas, don't you agree?) A scrumptious piece of cheesecake later, we were on the way again.   We pulled into the station 5 minutes after the train had pulled out. Oh well, so I did end up sitting for an hour on the platform. But really, that turned out okay. I ended up talking with a young MTA electrician (John) for nearly 45 minutes. Verrry cute. I would say "Ben Affleck"-ish, even down to the adorable cleft chin. He's just hired a realtor to help him find a place in Astoria. I'll let ya'll know if he calls me...since I, for the first time ever, boldly gave him my number on the back of the library receipt stuck in my book. (Although, for the record, he approached me and started the conversation...)  I am now home, preparing for the workweek and giving my kittens extra attention from the days I was gone.   I did finish  The Life of Pi , which was really interesting at times, but I didn't find it quite lived up to all the hype. A lot of it is like reading a script you might find on Animal Planet. Very graphic literary images of animals being ripped apart. Eewww. Also a lot of description about the boat itself and where he is in it. I, personally, had a hard time picturing the situation, and I found all of the nautical description a little boring. But, it's a huge bestseller, so I leave it to you to decide whether or not to read it for yourselves.   Only 3 more weeks until I start summer training for NYCTF!