Who is Zarathustra?  In Nietzsche's  Thus Spoke Zarathustra , Zarathustra is the herald of the overman, although I am unsure if he is an overman himself.  The overman is something that is "beyond man," which I  think  means someone who has basically: 1. destroyed all of one's old values, and 2. created a new set of values.  These values provide the meaning and purpose by which an individual lives their life.  This involves destroying who one is now, and recreating the self in light of the new meaning that one has given for oneself.  This is not the end, however.  One must continually destroy and recreate oneself; it is how one grows and constantly goes beyond oneself.  It is an uncomfortable existence; someone who has embraced a life of strife.  "You have made danger your vocation; there is nothing contemptable in that," said Zarathustra to the dying tight rope walker.    (I'm simplifying this a lot; more will follow.)   Zarathustra's Overcoming    The overcoming of Zarathustra is an intense and immediate experience; one cannot experience it as detached, despondent, or passively.  One must have passion, strength of will, focus, discipline, and understanding.  The mind must be sharp and possess a keen situational awareness.  There must be a desire to change; to want to cease being who one is in order to become something else.  One must see a purpose in changing.  The purpose is necessary in order to provide the motivation for success.    Strife, and the obstacles created by it, serve as a gauge for those that want to overcome, because they need some way of measuring their success.   The willing and overcoming spirit relishes a challenge for just this reason.  It is a self-affirmation for a being in a state of becoming.    Those who follow Zarathustra cannot do so with blind, unquestioning loyalty.  They must go willingly, always with the potential to leave when they are no longer interested in staying.  Zarathustra will be followed because he is strong, or not at all.  He must be "followed" by equals; fellow creators, fellow harvesters.   Questions for Readers  What is strife for you?  Do you embrace it, or avoid it?  Do you find value in strife?  What does the act of creation do for you, especially the act of creating your self?