It's official.  I hate my class.  Considering that they're generally acknowledged to be the most difficult kids in the school and that I've now had all of them for two years, I think I've done pretty well. Many other aides have come to hate their classes in a much shorter time period. But now I hate mine. I want them to all go away. I want new kids and stat.  Today Devin drove me to my breaking point. In the past two years, we've developed a pretty decent relationship. He came into the program with no long-term relationships of any kind so it was difficult and slow developing but the relationship was definitely there. It's all gone to pot the last three weeks. He's gone through a lot of loss the past few months, and I know that's on his mind. Two of his favorite staff members have gotten fired recently, almost one right after the other. (The firings were both totally bogus, but that's a story for another time.) Both of these staff members worked in the Help Center so they were there for Devin when he was at his worst and he spent a lot of time with them. They were also both African-American males and although, Devin probably doesn't think of it this way, they were pretty much it in the way of black, male influence in his life. So... all that to say, I know he's not in a good spot emotionally. But he is driving me completely batty. Every time I give him a direction - it could be anything from, "Let's do your math" to "Please keep your hands to yourself" - he immediately starts yelling and swearing at me. Today I was everything from a stupid bitch to a white motherfucker. I'm not accusing him of anything, I'm not yelling at him. Every little thing I say gets a nasty, hateful response. Usually I'm pretty good at ignoring him or getting him out of the room without blowing up at him, but today I lost it. Devin went out in the hall to ask Monica, the teacher, (she was working with another student out there) if he could get on the computer. She said no. He came back in the classroom, walked over to the computer, sat down and started playing a game. I said, "Devin, you need to get off the computer." He said, "Monica, told me I could get on it." I said, "No, she didn't." He started the swearing and name-calling, but since he was relatively quiet about it, I ignored it, told him he was going to lose points until he decided to follow directions (we have a point based behavior system that we use throughout the day), and went back to what I was doing. But he sat there at the computer, mumbling names and threats under his breath, and suddenly I just could not take it anymore. He was blatantly disregarding directions. Two other kids sat in the classroom, doing exactly what they were asked to do, watching Devin do whatever the heck he wanted to do. So I got up and walked over to the computer and took the headphones off his head and told him that he needed to get off the computer or he'd have to leave the room. He snatched them back. I'll point out here, that you really want to avoid any kind of power struggle with the kids at school but with Devin in particular. If he feels challenged, he will not back down. I snatched the headphones back and he grabbed them again. At this point, I felt seething anger. If I were a cartoon character, you would've seen the red creep up my face and seen smoke pouring out of my ears. I reached down, ripped the power cord out of the back of the computer, ripped the other end of the cord out of the power strip, wrapped up the cord, and shoved it in my desk. Devin stood up, started yelling bloody murder, walked out of the room and tossed the headphones down the hall for good measure. Fortunatley, there was staff there to grab him and get him into the Help Center. Before a kid in the Help Center can return to class he has to resolve with the staff or peer he was having a problem with (resolving involves discussing what happened, why it was wrong, what could've been done differently etc.). Devin flatly refused. He said he wasn't talking to me ever again and he'd sit in the Help Center for the rest of the year if he had to. Maybe I'll get lucky and he'll stick to his promise.  The bad thing is, I don't even care. Usually I would feel bad that I reacted poorly (which I did big time) and I would atleast duck my head in to the Help Center to see if Devin wanted to talk (the kids often don't really mean what they say). But not today. Today I sat in the classroom and was more than happy to let him sit and rot where he was. I've had the exact same resolvement with him atleast once a week during the summer session, and I don't even know what else to say to him.  It doesn't help that I know we'll be getting a new class in September. All the kids we have now will either be moving to another class or going to different programs. You'd think that knowledge would make these last few weeks easier, but I think it's making it worse. That light at the end of the tunnel is like a teasing, taunting thing.  In other news, the Pudding Pop is back! It was sad how excited I was when I saw them sitting in the freezer at the grocery store. I loved those things when I was a kid, and I never understood why Jello stopped making them. They're still pretty darn good, too. So the day wasn't a total loss.  Now reading:  To Be the Man  by Ric Flair (really interesting so far) and  The Numbers Game: Baseball's Lifelong Fascination With Statistics  by Alan Schwarz Now playing:  Satellite Rides , Old 97's