A fabulous escape from Connecticut on the island that is a land of plenty.  I can't think of a place I've been to that is more upper-class American than this island of cedar shingles, house-sized yachts, and people freshly dressed from this season's JCrew Magazine.  It was obvious I was not one of  them .  The first night, a man not much older than myself bought 100 shots at $6 a piece for anyone in the bar!  $600 without batting an eye!  Now, when I'm on vacation I surely purchase a couple of rounds for friends, but 100 shots is on the edge of obscene!  But, I suppose, if you've got the money to spend, generosity is nothing but good.  In this case, it was nothing but expensive, delicious liquor.  This place where adult, sophisticated men wear pale pink pants with stiff navy blue blazers, proudly sport gold cufflinks complete with their initials in sligtly raised gold, buy their wives diamond tennis bracelets on a whim, and drink martinis on their private yacht at 10:00 AM is hardly a life I recognize.  Where do these people come from?!  Most of the people who were not part of the young, foreign, struggling, service working crowd were people whose names end in Roman numerals.  John Windsor III.  Charles McDowell IV.    Their wives are named Buffy, hire a 14 year old nanny to play with their kids on the beach while they sun their personal-trainered bodies and read romance novels.  Any mother of four young children I've known does not have time to fine tune a body to magazine-like proportions- she is busy playing, teaching, chasing, wiping noses: mothering.  She did not hire someone to raise her kids while she perfected an even tan.  I realize I may sound bitter, cynical, or resentful.  Maybe I am, but I did try to simply observe, not judge.  However, that is impossible when I get patronizing looks as Steph and I go into a store that has dresses miles out of our price range, but styles that are just right.  As I come home, I tell everyone about the $465 sandals I tried on, and really liked.  Damnit, a smidgen of me is envious.  I liked those shoes, and wish I had an elegant party to wear them too, let alone a fabulous dress to match.  Guilty.  Still, this trip was not about money at all, though I realize Nantucket itself really is.  It was about escaping with my college friends.  And as we partook in all the typical reunion vices- drinking, dancing, smoking, sleeping on the beach, hangover movies- one lasting impression I have is of how very out of place I felt in town.  I was not a local, couldn't even blend in as a tourist.  I was clearly part of the working group, if only a visiting friend.    Despite all of that, when you're with people you've shared your early 20's with, the background fades away and becomes just that.  You really look at one another, sense who they are and how they live, the part they played/play in your life- 4 intense years-and know that you are a better person for knowing them.  I have grown beside them and because of them.  We have seen the best, and ugliest parts of one another.    This weekend, we were dormmates once again.  We ate greasycheesy food at 2AM.   A friend cocktailed at the local bar, getting us a deal on drinks.  I shared a room with my roommate and her boyfriend.  We napped in the middle of the day.  Really, nothing has changed except our geography, and location is merely a detail.