Hi, everyone. Sorry it's been a while, and thanks for checking back.  Lucky me, this past weekend I drove down to Del Rio, Texas, as promised. Unbelievably, Yolanda stood me up! I was in San Antonio, ready to hang out with her, but she was with her family for  Father's Day . Eh, only losers spend Father's Day with their dads. Just kidding, Yolanda. That's not what  really  makes you a loser. Ha! Just kidding again.  On the way to Del Rio, I took a pit stop in Austin to visit Miles. We had a great time, although it was so great that we ended up passing out at 10pm on a Friday instead of going downtown to  Sixth Street  like we had planned to. We went to dinner at the Hula Hut, where we were waited on by a twentysomething Mrs. Doubtfire. In addition, the tres leches cake was not soggy  enough , and Miles and I expounded on the possible circumstances which produce not-soggy-enough cake.   urlLink    What is he doing to that Corona??  urlLink     After dinner, Miles had the bright idea of going home for a nap, awaking around 10pm, catching a cab downtown, and drinking all night. It sounded acceptable enough to me, but once we got home, the Texas heat and yummy dinner had wiped us out...we were pretty sedate. So we watched TV and talked for a while, catching up on things like favorite bands and  recent traumas . Then Miles fell asleep just in time to miss Denis Leary's classic,  No Cure for Cancer . We both kind of hit the sack around 10pm, thus ruining our plans. But I didn't care. In fact, it was nice to be able to just relax and not live the fabulous exciting life that I got on my 21st birthday. Lesson: True friendship is falling asleep in front of the TV at 10 on a Friday night with  no judgment .  The next morning, I went on to Del Rio. Wow, what a, um, quaint town. I stayed at the local Best Western, which is really just a self-explanatory anecdote right there. One important distinction to add: six guys were  barbecuing --grill and all--on the sidewalk of the motel, right outside my room. You gotta love that sense of festivity.   Of course, my trip had one main objective: to visit my friend Jesus. This is his new place.   urlLink    Cacti and razorwire...ah, Texas.  urlLink      urlLink    Didn't Reagan die two weeks ago?  urlLink     It was seriously depressing to be there for the first ten minutes of waiting and nonsense. The staff are curt and dismissive, and I was told within seconds of walking in, "Sweetie, you can't wear that to visit." Of course. How stupid of me to think that I'd be allowed to wear a  plain white t-shirt  into a prison. I almost cried right there, but instead I went to my car to change shirts in the parking lot. Thank god I had my luggage with me in the car.  I teared up some more later as I thought of how futile and bleak it must feel to live in jail. I mean, I had virtually  no clout  as a visitor from 400 miles away. Imagine how little anyone must care about what the prisoners have to say. But it's supposed to be punishment, after all, so I can't really call 'foul' on my friend's situation. Luckily, Jesus was looking and acting just fine. A little sick with the sniffles, but he was in decent spirits and happy to see me. We had a 40 minute visit one day, and an hour visit the next day. I caught him up on all these blog stories, since he can't read what I write here.   On the way out of Del Rio, I bought some peaches and homemade beef jerky at a roadside stand. The peaches were delicious and the jerky was truly some of the manliest jerky I've ever had. Good stuff. Driving back up to Dallas, I stopped for a late lunch with Miles again and had something called  tomato pie . And a gingerbread pancake. Miles taunted me about my bizarre eating predilections. I have no comment for the guy who ate an English muffin and some reheated broccoli for dinner once.  And finally, some promised pictures. The picture of my new tattoo didn't turn out at all, so you will have to wait on that one a bit longer. Here are pics of my glasses and my other tattoo, though. Enjoy!   urlLink    My new look.  urlLink      urlLink    Drowsy, pouty, and pensive?  urlLink      urlLink    My little lizard from 1998.  urlLink