Where to begin?  I'm here to blog again but I'm a little tired so I hope I remember most of what I want to say.  First the "a" on this keyboard doesn't work very well.  Too bad for me.  I wished I'd blogged yesterday about Friday.  Oh well.  Warning if you don't want to read about sam gyup sal again you might not like this entry, or at least part of it for that matter.  I'll warn you at the time though. I'll start with Friday night.  Guys night out was a success again.  By that I mean we all got plenty drunk and had fun doing it.  I brought along my playing cards to Bellagio and a good time was had.  There was a little bit of doubt as to whether Gabe could join but he managed to pull through if splendid fashion.  But previous to that we ate some gal bi, which a little pricey and not very filling.  Fountain was nice enough to hit me in the head with a bottle cap as he attempted to be a badass and open the bottle without a bottle opener.  He also told us he got the boot from GR for trying to crowd surf.  That kept me laughing pretty much the rest of the night.  Next was off to Fe which is where El Toro used to be.  We ordered stuff on the menu, the only problem was they didn't have any of it.  Screw it, we didn't stay there long.  Also the rest of the night was riddled with comments about the periodic table.  Despite Bellagio being dead it was pretty fun.  I brought my Beck's playing cards which facilitated for some serious drinking.  Gabe and Caleb had to go off and cheer some random table of Koreans.  Fountain and Caleb had to both drink double on titanic.  If you are wondering what kind of game that is check out Becky's sight where the rules are explained it full.  Gabe also broke out a game called pyramid.  The rules are still a little vague but it was fun none the less.  I think we went to GR after that.  Not much happening there so it was to New Blue.  I'm going to make a pretty bold prediction.  I think that before fountain leaves he is going to get in fight with somebody.  I base this on his rather reckless behavior when he gets extremely intoxicated.  Friday night this consisted of him through shrimp chips at everyone within range at New Blue.  I think I got home around 5 maybe a little after.  I have to say it was a lot of fun.  I enjoy hopping around from place to place.  BTW anyone who wants to go to Bellagio on Monday nights let me know, 3:1 cocktails.  Just can't beat that with a stick.   Ok I think that sums that up, onto Saturday.  Last night was a little bit crazy in a lot of ways, but I will say I had a really good time despite it all.  I think it might have been a little exciting.  I came downtown around 8:30 and met Alex for dinner.  Don't read this next part if you don't like sam gyup sal or journal entries pertaining to it.    So I was like "what do you want to eat?"  Can you guess what the answer was?  Yeah so we ended up eating that fried pork again.  Now here is the good part.  I found an awesome restaurant where it was super cheap.  The service there was crap but when you're paying so little I guess it doesn't really matter.  You have to say on the old lady, I don't think she has any short term memory.  Now I've stated before sam gyup sal is a crazy food with odd side effects.  Last time I wasn't hungry for days.  This time I think it kept me from getting hella wasted.  I think it somehow blocked the alcohol.  Is that possible?  I don't know.  Someone else eat a lot of it and then drink a lot and get back to me.  Really I should never eat it again but we all know that just won't be the case.    It should be ok to read from here on.  We then went to Bellagio and had a drink.  This was the beginning for the end for Alex.  Caleb joined us and then he went and got Meika and Gumi James from TC.  At some point there was a cocktail show going on in Bellagio.  What is hate is that all the bartenders stand around and watch so you can't get another drink until after it's over.  What a pain in the ass.  Asma, Becky and Sara showed up shortly after.  At this point Alex was pretty much toasted.  BTW she didn't eat nearly as much SGS as I did so she doesn't count.  She is pretty smart about getting strong drinks I'll give her that.  She orders a drink, tells them to make it strong, then complains about it and gets them to top it off with more.  With everyone assembled the games began.  Titanic seemed to be the game of the night.  The finger game kinda bombed, but hey it was fun on Friday night.  Becky lost the most I think.  I will say though she chugged that stuff down in  way that would make the UG of A very proud.  I lost once and was doing soju shots with Meika and Gumi James.  Caleb left to go somewhere and was never seen again, at least by me anyway.  He messaged me later around 4 but I didn't notice.  My apologies.  Oh yeah Brain showed up too.  Bellagio was packed.  It is a pretty good place to start on Saturdays.   Asma and Becky's friend Sara turned out to be really cool.  Not only that but she was a hoss.  She walked off the plane, into drinking, then into the cage at Gypsy Rock.  When I got off of my flight I passed out and went to bed.   At some point someone was talking about going to a singing room, Asma.  Luckily that got shot down.  I'm sure it will happen in the near future.  Next we ended up at Fe.  This place really isn't that cool, it's just too new.  Meika ordered  a cocktail but they didn't have any.  Here is where Becky started sticking it to me about being a Yellow Jacket.  Here apologies go out to Gumi James.  For some reason I thought he was calling me a wimp and I wanted to challenge him to arm wrestling.  This turned out to be a big miscommunication.  This is also where I began to realize the possible power of the aforementioned food.  Really I should have been much more drunk then I was.  Next was GR of course.  I didn't see the usual foreign crowd but there were others to make up for it.  Oh-ni was there so I talked to her for a bit.  Apparently Helen was there to and tried to talk to Asma for a bit.  Seems she wonders why people don't talk to her.  Oh yeah b/c she is crazy for starters.  I ended up in the cage with Sara for a bit.  Alex in here extremely drunken state split of GR and went to Julliard where she drank more.  I had to go retrieve her later.  We made a cameo at BB and then went for food at New Blue.  Now this is where stuff started to really get interesting.  Someone I invited to eat with us sat down and got an attitude with me for no apparent reason.  Acting on good advice I let it go.  I ended up at home in bed around 6.  Of course I woke up at 10 but I forced myself to go back to bed and ended up around 12.  Overall a really fun night.  I haven't felt that alive in a long time.  Fountain, Gabe, Eileen and Maebh were notable absences.  I'm sure there are others I just can't think of them right now.  I need a good night's sleep.  I think I've typed enough for now.  Today was uneventful.