Hello people! Sorry for the delay in inviting everyone to post but there were a number of technical hitches, now sorted. If you were at the CFC this year and Dave J had your email address then you should by now have received an invite to post. Apologies if you haven't, but it may be that we only had an old address - contact someone who has our email, update your contact details with us and you shall receive an invitation to the ball!  We are now looking forward to a mini reunion of Careyites in York at Emily's concert on the 30th, though it would be helpful if we knew where and what time the concert was - perhaps someone can post details!  My life has been taken up since last Friday with the new addition to the Jarrett family - Kitty - no, not a kitten (don't I wish) but a pony. She's an Arab Cob cross 14.2 hands high, chesnut, and spoiled rotten. She is proving to be quite a challenge - claustrophobic and nappy (nothing to do with what goes on the rear end of babies). I am experiencing a sharp learning curve and getting used to such expressions as "skipping out" (no ropes), "fresh", "de-botting" (this involves a sharp knife) and other such wonderful phrases. At the moment Leah is taken up with all things ponyish and intends entering the Usk Agricultural Show - particularly the fancy dress (as Postman Pat and Jess his cat - and Leah is Jess). I, of course, will have to work out how we turn a small horse into a postman.  On a different note, Simon went off to EMW under canvas camp today with Sam Holland. Since Ann's talk on family meal-times together we have made more of an effort, particularly reading from the Bible and catechising. A talk on providence (What are the providences of God?) was a good opportunity to bring home the gospel. Please pray for Simon as he experiences camp, and for Leah, that they would find the Saviour for themselves, and particularly for Andrew - my 20 year old - that my talking to him about Tim Wells conversion may have started him thinking. (Tim and Andrew were last at Carey together 5 years ago.)  Well, time to finish - I have to be up at 5.45am to pick up Andrew from his night-shift at Festive Productions. He's making tinsel for £6.00 an hour. He comes home with his pockets full of tiny bits of the stuff which end up all over the house - it's like Christmas without the fun bit.