SO, I come in from church yesterday, and Tommy says, "so you want to sit?"     Those aren't the first words you want to hear when you come in the front door.  They normally mean something bad has happened.  I mean , if you have to "sit" to hear something, then it is big, it's so big, the person doing the telling is afraid it will literally knock you off your feet, so they ask you to sit.     By now, my heart is slowly thumping harder, and harder, I have this stupid grin on my face that I always get when I am nervous.   I hate that grin.    I walk around the couch, ask T.  what its about, with a million things running thru my head at once.    "where's the dog, did he get hit by a car, oh no, mom, where is mom, is she ok,  are Tommy's parents ok, is he dying, that's it, he's dying, no he isn't, he got fired!  Yep, that has to be it, they are so broke, they are closing down the business, no job, what will be do, I need the want ads, wher edid I put the  newspaper, no, that can't be it, I know, money, its got to be money, no, savannah, she got sick on the way home"      All this ran thru my head in .5 seconds.  So now stupid grin is saying "what's wrong honey, tell me"      " I have bad news, you know that Le Mans race?"   Lemans? that's cars, nooooo, don't say what your gonna say next, you better not mention Dale Jr,    Well, jr, was supposed to race in it today   supposed, did he just say supposed, lalalalalalalala, I can't hear you.   And, he wrecked, there was a fire, his car was engulfed.   stupid grin fades, I look at he jr, stand up in the corner of the living room, that face, that sweet, face, oh, it can't be messed up,   He has 2nd degree burns on his legs and face.    lalalallalalalal, not hearing you again   here, look at the article.      So I go to his laptop and look at the article.  ok, he is fine, just burnt bad.  If that can be considered ok.  NO broke bones, no brain damage, he is alert and talking.  Phew, I can breathe again.   See, I was a huge, huge huge fan of Dale Earnhardt Sr.  His biggest fan.  Ever.  When he passed away,he took a huge part of my love for NASCAR  with him.  I used to be one of those maniac fans.  I read every article, saw every show, every time it was on, I didn't miss a race for anything.  Then is turn 4, at Daytona, It all stopped.  I knew it was bad, when they showed Ken Schrader going up to Mikey in Victory Lane, no, I knew it was bad when Dale Sr never grabbed Mikey from behind and got him in a big ol' bear hug, telling him how proud of him he was, and telling the critics "see, I know what I'm doing, I wasn't crazy for putting Mikey in my car"  That never happened.  I knew it was bad.  Searching and searching the TV for answers that didnt' come, I resorted to the internet.  Tommy was working on a project in the basement and told me to yell if I heard anything, before closing the basement door, he says "you know he's dead don't you"  I wouldn't hear it.  Refused to even let my mind go there.    I read it first on the USA TODAY website.  I was in shock.  I cried, I cried for days.  I taped every minute of every memorial, newsreport, and his funeral.  I have 5 video tapes devoted to his death.     I was a huge fan.    Last night when I saw the pics of the wreck, I was very thankful I hadn't seen it live.  I wouldn't have ever watched another race again.     If Junya doesn't know God on a personal level, I hope he gets to know him because of this.  After feeling those flames nipping at him, I hope it wakes him up to a few things.