"I would have preferred if we had given diplomacy a greater opportunity, but I think it was the right decision to disarm Saddam Hussein, and when the President made the decision, I supported him, and I support the fact that we did disarm him."  -John Kerry on ABC News  Well JK, this is really interesting.  You looked at the intelligence, and made the same inference that the President did?  Anyone who says that Bush "lied" or "misled" this country for personal gain is simply exaggerating for political gain.  The last time a President did not act (not only Clinton, but Bush too) three thousand people died catastrophically.  If there is a risk to the U.S., and this was confirmed by MI6, Russians, and the U.N.; to not act would be criminal.  I agree that the war was unjustified, and that there may have been other tertiary motives.  However, to say that President Bush intentionally fought this war for oil or some conspiracy theory is out there.  Not one naysayer has been able to prove that the President had done this for personal gain.  See Bob Woodward's book; he doesn't take the president off the hook, but he does say that the intel was on the side of attacking.  Bob is non-partisan, and he did take down Nixon, so he has no problem taking on the republicans.  If anyone tells me that my wife is safer going to work, or that my young cousins are safer going to school because we obliterated a brutal regime, I would say good.  In the world of post 9/11, there is NO margin for error.  The primary job of the President is to protect the country.  When the 9/11 commission shows verivied intel that al-Zarqawi (the murderer who enjoys decapitation) was getting free services from Sadaam, that is a red flag.  When the Iraqi government stonewalls the U.N. and U.S. inspectors sent to investigate WMD's. that is a flag too.  But most of all, when Hans Blix left the country prematurely due to lack of cooperation, do we as a world nation just say - ok, you may carry on how you like?  The precedent has been set, America does what it says, and Hussein's flagrant violations of UN  resolutions and his own peace accord should have warranted immediate action.  Coming soon - my position on France!  Looking forward to commentary on this one, the bait has been set!