Quote: People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: The very greatest things -- great thoughts, discoveries, inventions -- have usually been nurtured in hardship, often pondered over in sorrow, and at length established with difficulty. Author: Samuel Smiles 1812-1904, Scottish Author    Quote: Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.  Author: Wayne Dyer 1940-, American Psychotherapist   Quote: The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. Author: Tommy Lasorda 1927-, American Baseball Manager    Quote: You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.  Author: James G. Bilkey    Quote: It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded. Author: Anne Morrow Lindbergh 1906-, American Author    Quote: We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.  Author: James A. Froude 1818-1894, British Historian    Quote: The best way out of a difficulty is through it.  Author: Robert Frost 1875-1963, American Poet    Quote: Our necessities are few, but our wants are endless.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: Decision is a sharp knife that cuts or to do anything, never to turn back or to stop until the thing intended was clean and straight; indecision, a dull one that hacks and tears and leaves ragged edges behind it.  Author: Gordon Graham    Quote: Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: Desire is proof of the availability...  Author: Robert Collier American Writer, Publisher    Quote: The present is the only reality and the only certainty.  Author: Arthur Schopenhauer 1788-1860, German Philosopher    Quote: Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.  Author: Kahlil Gibran 1883-1931, Lebanese Poet, Novelist    Quote: Man can climb to the highest summits, but he cannot dwell there long.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: We have a choice: to plow new ground or let the weeds grow.  Author: Jonathan Westover    Quote: Determination that just won't quit -- that's what it takes.  Author: A. J. Foyt American Race Car Driver    Quote: You cannot be a hero without being a coward.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: He that knows nothing doubts nothing.  Author: George Herbert 1593-1632, British Metaphysical Poet    Quote: If men knew all that women think, they would be twenty times more daring.  Author: Alphonse Karr    Quote: It's better to be a lion for a day, than a sheep all your life.  Author: Sister Elizabeth Kenny    Quote: Know what you want. Become your real self.  Author: David Harold Fink    Quote: Do not choose to be wrong for the sake of being different.  Author: Lord Samuel    Quote: Destruction, hence, like creation, is one of Nature's mandates.  Author: Marquis De Sade 1740-1814, French Author    Quote: Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.  Author: Vince Lombardi 1913-1970, American Football Coach    Quote: An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  Author: Thomas Fuller 1608-1661, British Clergyman, Author    Quote: It is better to be looked over than overlooked.  Author: Mae West 1892-1980, American Actress    Quote: To him who is determined it remains only to act.  Author: Italian Proverb Sayings of Italian Origin    Quote: Clever and attractive women do not want to vote; they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men.  Author: George Bernard Shaw 1856-1950, Irish-born British Dramatist    Quote: Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life. Author: Barbara De Angelis American Expert on Relationship & Love, Author    Quote: If you're already in a hole, it's no use to continue digging.  Author: Roy W. Walters    Quote: In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.  Author: Albert Einstein 1879-1955, German-born American Physicist    Quote: The distance between success and failure can only be measured by one's desire.  Author: Source Unknown    Quote: There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties or you alter yourself meeting them.  Author: Phyllis Bottome 1884-1963, American Writer    Quote: You've got to know when to hold em, know when to fold em know when to walk away, know when to run.  Author: Kenny Rogers American Country Singer, Actor