This weekend held some good times.  I went into Edmonton to visit my best good friend from undergrad, and it was lovely.  Although I am short, Lori is *actually* freak-show short.  She's 4'10".  Yikes!  She's the only person in  the world I can mock because she's short.  We went for a nice dinner, watched Farenheit 9/11, and then went to my favorite pub in Edmonton, Black Dog.  God, I love BD.  Everyone these is exactly my style.  Evidenced by the fact that I ran into a guy I met two days earlier in Slave Lake, Dustin.  I think I mentioned Dustin in my last log - he is Matthew's friend, who smoked weed with us while we looked at the fullmoon through the sun-roof of Matt's car.  He was there with friends, and we all hung out.  It was really lovely.  And this is what I am talking about.  I meet a guy one day, and two days later, I see him at a bar and he *actually* talks to me.  I mean, he invited me and Lori (who he'd NEVER met) to have drinks with him.  I know I wasn't going to rag on Hali anymore, but in Hali, I have never seen that.  Were we in Halifax, I would have expected him to pretend he didn't know who I was.  Happy accidents and nice people.  And on my way back to Slave Lake this morning, I had three experiences in one hour that made me feel really good about the world.    1.  After taking care in checking my oil, and adding a litre to my mom's jeep *while* being very polite, I tipped a boy working at a gas station.  He was giddy, and so grateful, it made my heart smile.  2.  At a fast-food restaurant, I was a mess, and accidentally dropped my tray into the garbage with my garbage.  When it began to clear my drink and keys would shortly follow, a nice girl who worked their insisted that she would fish it out for me.  3.  I was speeding a little - which I HONESTLY rarely do, and coming over a hill a guy flashed me his brights.  I thought to slow down, but I also thought there might be something wrong with the jeep (it *was* down to it's last inch of oil, so who knows if my mother actually cares for it at all), when I saw a cop just pulling someone over for speed.  It was a good-natured warning.  Thank you Will at the Esso in Westlock, and the brown girl who works at the KFC, and the guy who was driving the slightly beat up old-school orange truck on highway 44, just north of Edmonton.  You all made me happy to be alive today.  When I get back to Hali, I am having Seamus Murphy Byrne make me a shirt that says "I love nice people."  Cuz I do.    (although I would hate to lose the reputation for being kinda insane and a little mean myself, but I digress).