This blog comes out of a long held desire not to simply consume.  Society, it seems, wants to mould us into passive receivers taking whatever is fed to us and paying the price.  Well I don't want to do that.  I want to contribute, I want to be engaged, I want to comment on what I see, read, hear and experience. To be a part of something, however small that part is.  Maybe thats naive or arrogant, I don't know but I guess I'll find out.    To start with here's a bit more info about me... I live in Sheffield with my wife of one year, Helen.  We've very recently moved house so our lives are currently filled with unpacked boxes and pots of paints.  Our previous place was a very small flat but now we've moved into a glorious two bedroom house.  Very nice.  As of Setember I will be training to teach history in Secondary Schools, an undertaking that I'm more than a little nervous about and which will no doubt be mentioned again over the next few months.  I am a leader in  urlLink Expression  a church for Students and people who are like them that is part of  urlLink St Thomas Church .  Both St Tom's and Expression overlap with  urlLink Tribal Generation , a very cool network of relationships that train and resource people like me.     The thing that really gets me going is working out just what it means to follow Jesus and be like him today.  For me that includes lots of different streams and thoughts about things such as emerging church, social action, alternative worship and mission (if any of those are new things to you sorry, I'll try and explain/de-jargonize in future).  I also have a wide range of cultural inputs, particularly of the musical kind.  My tastes are wide and varied but centre around all things down-beat, instrumental and jazzy.  More on all that later.    I've no idea if anyone will ever read this thing but will try and update at least once a week anyway.  As a taster here are some things I've written before  urlLink Chill - Some thoughts on the craze for "Chill Out" music  urlLink Using Music Creatively in Worship - Ideas I've nicked and adapted  urlLink The Way of the Cross - A meditation I wrote last easter.