I am happy to report that our little kingdom at the bottom of the hill on Mapleridge drive is getting cleaner one trailer at a time.  Last week I finished power washing two more trailers.  Atleast it was not freezing outside when I worked on those two.  I have one more trailer to do and then my power washing activities for 2004 should be complete.  Spring is finally in the air and trees and flowers are beginning to bloom.  I can not wait for WINTER to be FINISHED. I have had enough of this cold weather and the high electric bills.  I hope that we can enjoy some moderate weather where we can throw open the windows and doors and let our homes air out and do some serious cleaning.  GULP... Scratch the last thought, that is too much work.  LOL... Airing out the houses though is a good idea.    In the last two weeks I have done much better with regards to my average.  My league average is back up to 130 after bowling a 165 average last week and a 145 average last night.  Wahooooo!  Our team is in 9th place and after last night hopefully we have moved up to 8th place.  I bowled 142 in both my first and second games last night and if I could have done that all three games I would have gotten a patch.  Oh well....  What were the odds in that happening?  My job search for a BETTER job is still ongoing.  I am sending out resumes and applications but nothing is happening for now.  It appears that all doors are being shut with regards to better employment.  I am thankful for the job I do have but I NEED to find something better.  Something that pays more and has benefits.  I told someone the other day that I would rather wear the uniform of a security OFFICER than of a jail trustee because of not paying my child support.  Atleast in this situation I have the keys to the building and can come and go as I please. LOL...  I found out the other day that in South Carolina that the maximum that they incarcerate someone for failure to pay child support is 1 year.  It is a good thing for those inmates that they dont live in Texas.  In Texas they throw you under the jail until you pay up.  I heard the other day that a man was 4.00 short on his child support payment and the judge put him in jail.  The man was working two jobs and trying to get caught up on his payments and he wound up in jail anyway.  Now that is justice for you.  Not only was he out of work and lost his jobs probably but now he is getting even further behind on his responsibility to pay.  How is that justice?  How does that solve the problem?  I can tell that I need to stop this paragraph right here.  LOL....