Frequenting the same bars every weekend (that I decide to venture out) is my modus operandi, for better or worse.  One must admit that it's kinda cool the first time the bouncer at the door smiles with recognition at your arrival, claps you on the back with a "how the hell'er you?", and waves you on in without the mandatory ID check, proclaiming "this guy's cool, I know him."  You grab your table.  You say hi to your waitress, the one that knows your name and knows what to bring you without you having to ask for it.  You are a  regular .  Then you realize that your repeated patronage at such an establishment is pathetic.  Do you have nothing better to do with yourself?  Pathetic or no, being a regular means you get to see the other regulars on a well,  regular  basis. I'm not regular enough yet to know that diverse cast of characters on a first-name basis. I'd rather sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. Talking to regulars and finding out the truth is rarely as fun as devising fictional biographies for them.  I have my own little nicknames for every regular, based on what I've observed from afar and the tiny facts I occasionally pick up from waitresses and friends.  One such named regular is "Disco Dan." I see DD every weekend. He's in his late 40s. Wears Wal-mart striped polos and jeans.  White hi-tops, also from the Wal-mart shoe department.  Salt and pepper slicked back hair, mustache.  He's already there when we arrive. Probably been there for hours.  Always carrying a glass of beer (the only guy I've ever seen drink draft in there).  A regular Casanova-- it's surreal to watch him flit from one table of women to the next. He never succeeds, but kudos to anyone that can shrug off rejection like that and not get one whit discouraged.  Being absolutely shitfaced probably helps, though.   When the booze really kicks in, DD’s the first to hit the dance floor, and it’s his mad skillz there that earned him the nickname.  He carries his glass o’ draft with him, and shakes the booty like it’s 1979.  He’s got a helluva prance/gallop thing going with his feet, and he flaps his arms like he’s directing a choir.  Total riot.  When the ladies get out there, they make faces and avoid him like the plague when he starts to drift in their direction.  I “officially” met Disco Dan this Friday night.  I was there before Moffman and the group arrived (Cokemaster mysteriously wasn’t in the mood for Miller Time this weekend), enjoying the calm before the post-midnight rush, when DD wandered near my table and began spewing random obscenities.   The target of his rage seemed to be the HerpegonnosyphilAIDS table.  There is a group of three women (regulars all) that we have been told (by bartenders/waitresses) to avoid at all costs.  Rumor (based on strong evidence) has it that one or more of that crew is afflicted with at least one strain of the genital plague.  No one’s sure specifically what they’re carrying, thus the all-encompassing nature of the name—HerpegonnosyphilAIDS (HGSA).   Anyway… Disco was apparently pissed at the diseased.  I was the closest to him at that moment, so I became the sympathetic ear-- bitching’s no fun unless you have someone to bitch  to .  He slurred something about “that bastard over there thinks he’s hot shit prison guard showing off for them bitches.  Asshole!”  A new guy was sitting with the HGSA crowd and chatting up the gals.  DD hovers around the HGSAs every week looking for a piece (to no avail), and this added competition had him steamed.   I just smiled and nodded at his predicament, pondering whether or not I should warn him of the dangers that lurked in the panties next door, when he introduced himself as “Bob.”  Nickname is now void forever, though I must say that “Bob” is dippy-enough to suit the old man well.   I decided to pry a little more, so I asked my new friend Bob how he knew that the guy was a prison guard.  Did he work with him at the prison?  “ No ,” Bob grunts.  “I was  in there .”  Damn, my bad.  But at least now I know where he learned how to dance.