Well, I went to see it last night. Was it the perfect movie in so much as it covered both sides in a fair manner? No. However, what the movie did bring up and the idea that if even 10% of it is true- then my God, things are a zillion times worse than I thought they were. There were parts of the movie that were so moving that I actually cried in a profound, tears streaming down my face sort of way. I think seeing the footage of war - the real nitty gritty- our troops being burnt to a crisp and then hit with baseball bats has changed me for life. I support our troops, I do not support this war and there is a profound difference in that. The points that Moore makes about how the poor of this country are the first to go over and defend us (recruiters preying on poor neighborhoods for militia men) hit me as one of the most horrible things we as a nation allow. Watching families lose their sons, for oil sickens me. I don't know if John Kerry is the best answer to lead America, what I do know is that the current administration must be removed. We as Americans have a responsbility to elect someone who can restore our credibility to the world. Perhaps I am naieve, too left, a flower child- perhaps living with a Hippie uncle has slanted me- I am Catholic, and pro-life but I can not allow myself to be a single issue voter. The footage of our troops in Iraq has changed my life. I realize that there is another side to the efforts over there, that there are Iraquis who support us and we are building schools, and expanding the country in a "democratic" way- but at what cost? Our own profits... our own greed...is the American way the only way to live? We choose our country but I don't know if we should be thrusting our way of life onto other nations... I don't know if we necessarily have it all right -the moral decay, the violence, the lack of family values- I don't know if we are the perfect way to live. I feel more and more like our quest to bring "democracy to the world" is more like a Crusade...everyone has the choice of how they want to live their life- our arrogance scares me, I am asking all of you to go see this film- take the time to think about these issues. Our generation is going to be left with many things to tackle and we as a well educated group of women has a responsibility to have an opinion and work for a better world. We have been given so much- of who much is given, much is expected. Vote. Read. Have debates. Remember what it is to be American, but remember that in the scheme of the world, we are a young nation and perhaps there are things that when we step away from it all we can learn from- remember what we looked like before Vietnam and the 60s... remember how one event can change the course of a nation's history. Ok, I am done- I have spouted off for entirely too long and the American Studies major in me can't help herself... but I wanted to share these thoughts with you, since right now I am longing for an academic environment where topics like these can be challenged... See this movie. When you walk out you may hate it or love it but you should see it either way because it makes you think, and how often these days does entertainment do that?