God, there have been so many retro Allen family moments today it's untrue.  I came home after making a brief fact-finding mission to Great Yarmouth District Library to look up info on how to write the perfect C.V (or at least one that will allow me to make it to the interview stage) only to witness the familiar site of my dearest father, completely off his face trying to cook tea.  Considering his level of intoxication (pretty high but not off the Captain Josh scale) he didn't make such a bad job of frying sausages and mashing potatoes.  No-one was maimed or injured (at least not this time) and the fire alarm didn't go off once.  Perhaps that's because Mum took the battery out but let's just overlook that minor detail shall we?  Sylvia finally got in contact with the parents last night which is good as it has earned me a significant amount of Big Sister brownie points: Dad assumes that the impetus for Sylv to get back in touch came from me which is not entirely true.  I always think the best policy is for me not to nag at her to 'do the right thing' (whatever that is) and in fairness I can completely understand why she felt/feels resentful towards them.  I think Sylvia wanted to go to university but couldn't hack living here while she did her A-levels and thus came to the logical conclusion that getting a job would be the quickest way for her to get her independence.  And Sylvia is highly motivated by cashola, which is why she is fast climbing the corporate ladder and I am languishing in the family home trying to work out what direction to go in.  Today I tried to break the back of my second graduate application.  This time I'm going for a publishing job at Oxford University Press in their EFL department.  I've never been all that interested in publishing before (don't worry guys, I didn't put that on the application form) but I have always had a slightly geeky obsession with English Language coursebooks and I would geninuely like to get involved with producing them.  Anyway, I spent the best part of the afternoon banging out a covering letter.  I'm worried that if I'm not careful I'll come across as a bit of a brain on a stick, as the 'extra-curricular activities' that I need to beef up my experience and make me seem like a more well-rounded human being consist of having written two articles for Varsity and sitting in on English Faculty meetings as student rep.  Hardly impressive.  I also need to avoid repeating the words 'teaching', 'effective' and 'materials' if Oxford University Press are truly to believe that I have a 'keen I four detail'.  That's a joke.  Go on laugh, it'll add years onto your life expectancy.   So what did I spend all my time at university doing?  Down the pub?  No, sadly not.  Leading an exciting double life?  No, wasn't that either.  My 'extra-curricular activity', I'm sad to say, was Having A Boyfriend.  Until my fateful final year, I allowed having a boyfriend to fill up most of the extra time I had when I wasn't poring over the Collected Works of Lancelot Andrewes, a little known 17th century sermon writer with a peculiar proclivity for punning in the pulpit. Haven't heard of him?  Good for you.  Bet your uni had a student union where the floor had a healthy covering of stale beer and vomit and a selection of highly toxic beverages which could be purchased for a mere one of her Majesty's english pounds.  My friend, you have spent your precious youth profitably.  I salute you!  Ahem.  No, having a boyfriend was seconded only by my other major extra-curricular activity, moaning.  Moaning, whingeing, whining, ranting, complaining, navel gazing...  As you can see, this pastime took on multitudinous forms and why, with the right combination of Co-Op Lemon Cake, hot beverages and good company a decent session could quite easily last the entire afternoon.  Christ, why did I waste so much time complaining about how much sodding work I had to do rather than just getting on with it?!?  Perhaps I am more French than I would like to admit (if you're reading this Emilie, I'm really sorry...).  'Bon, bah, ce n'est pas ma fault, madame, il faut voir a cote, je ne peux rien faire, on dejeune, ce n'est pas evident...'  I HATE THAT FUCKING PHRASE!!!  'Ce n'est pas evident', literally translates as 'It's not obvious' but what it really means is, 'I dunno love, whaddya want me to do about it, I'm a grade A jobsworth and je regrette que I just can't be arsed.'  Phew, that was a bit of a rant, wasn't it?  It seems to come so naturally to me that it might be worth whacking down on the 'Hobbies and Other Interests' section of my C.V after all. Perhaps I've been exaggerating a little, but I do regret not getting involved with more extra curricular activities while I was at uni, particularly journalism.  I don't mean 'journalism' in the grand sense of the term, but I think it would have been good for me to put pen to paper in a non-academic context more often and motivating to see the results in print.  A girl I did English with who shall remain unnamed spent all her time in the first year at Varsity.  She then spent much of the long vac and Michaelmas term setting up a rival student paper because she felt good old Varsity was too tabloid-y.  Now I remember feeling very smug about all this because this certain person was regularly being threatened with being kicked out of Cambridge as she's done so little work while pious little me had spent all this time virtuously digging out obscure journals in the University Library and learning my translation of Gawain and his sodding Green Knight off by heart.  The upshot of all this is that Zoe is now at Harvard while I made myself ill with work-related anxiety and ended up with a 2:2.  Not that I'm being hard on myself.  Oh no.  I'm just sad that I focused on the wrong things and never fully appreciated that there was more to being at university than being a good girl and handing in all my work on time.  Of course we all have regrets in life, I suppose the key thing is to learn from them.  So, I'm writing, right here, right now, for my own little select audience and that's something: more than something, a concrete step in the right direction.