it hurts to realize that in exchange for the supposedly best days of my life, i have to give up something, some moments. gone are the times when i could write poems in class, gone are the days when i could miss doing my homeworks, gone are the days when i hang out with daryl, gone are the days when i could be as naive and ignorant as i want, gone are the days i have with jammi. this is so hard. i feel so sad and helpless. it's like i'm having some kind of culture shock. i don't think i'm ready to take in the high school culture, it's all too complicated, too hurried, too much. i'm not saying i hate it but i'm weak, i get scared easily. i'm scared of the changes happening. i don't want to let go of the things i enjoy. i know some greater things will soon replace them but nothing beats the original, right?  just yesterday, i was talking to kuya mico through chat and we got into the talking. i started telling him how much my life sucks.. well, just a part. he said it was really like that at first but soon it would get better. i'm glad i'm not alone, i'm not the only person who thinks the line, "high school days are the best days of your lives" is bullshit. hey, i know i'm not the only one ith this problem but this is me. i pay more attention to myself than i do to others. i also told him i'm missing a lot of people. actually, i realized what i really felt about my parents. i do miss them but i'm also angry at them. they missed the most important events in my life and they should face the reality that they can never take those back. my elementary graduation will never happen again. i would never be confirmed again. they will never be able to attend a parent-daughter bonding session ever again. of course, they won't be able to attend my high school graduation either. but i really can't blame them. it's inevitable, they're working for "better opportunities"... better opportunities my ass. why can't things stay as they were? that was such a stupid question. but still, can't we just change physically? why do things happen when you don't want them to?  i feel so strongly about these things. it's been a long time since i cried because of the things i think of. i usually cry when i'm so tired or so frustrated of the things happening, not the thing i think of. when i was talking to kuya mico, i was so teary that i couldn't see the keyboard anymore. i was sad, so alone, so hurt. but at one point, i felt so pathetic. i mean, i shouldn't be crying, other people have worse lives than mine and i have people who care for me. and i know very well that the last thing i want to do is pity myself. it will only make me a lot more pathetic than i already am. it won't help and i'll only feel more helpless. but, i'm a girl and [not being a sexist or anything] girls are touchy-feely and all emotional. i don't care, crying de-stresses me.  *** it's so hard with jammi. i haven't been able to talk to him for a week now... i mean, an hour conversation. i did call him a couple of days ago but his mom was home so he had to go. then, we chatted a bit last night but he was grounded. god, i miss him so much that i get all teary when i think of him. it's like i'm falling even deeper but i want to fall out it. i can't deal with everyday life worrying like hell for a person whom i can't even talk to. but i want to be strong. i've pressed the restart button of my life and i command my soul to get a grip and be strong. i don't want to be like who i was... helpless coward me. i don't want to bail out on something just because it's hard. i chose this so i should face it. it's just that i don't think this is working out. maybe it's true i'm too young for this. we're both a bit too busy for each other. kuya mico told me that jammi has priorities and studies is one of them. i don't want to bother him in that. and besides, jammi is a guy so of course he would want girls. i don't want to limit him to a girl he can't even see. honestly, he's just wasting his time.   maybe i should break up with him. not really break up since we were never a couple in the first place. maybe we should just be friends...seriously. i would never want to hurt him but pursuing this kind of connection will be more painful. but that will be making me a bitch to his friends...even to him. but hey, he said it himself, if they don't like you screw them. besides, i would be doing it for a good reason... for both our sakes.  *** i'm too afected by jammi that when monique called last night, i could get enough happiness to talk to her in a happy voice. i couldn't even fake it. when she asked what was my problem, i couldn't help get all teary again whe i told her about jammi and how much i miss him.  *** i'm a mess...