urlLink Systems Theory and the Earth Systems Approach in Science Education. ERIC Digest.   This ERIC Digest is by Hyongyong Lee.  From the ERIC Digest:  During the past three decades, scientists, philosophers, and mathematicians have been working to construct a theoretical framework for unifying the many branches of the scientific enterprise for science education. The outcome of this effort, system theory, provides a framework for understanding both natural and human-constructed environments (Chen & Stroup, 1993). One example, the Earth system developed by the Earth System Sciences Committee (1988) provides Earth science educators with a conceptual approach to curriculum integration (Mayer, 1993). In this approach the Earth is regarded as a unified system of interacting components, including lithosphere, atmosphere, cryosphere, hydrosphere, and biosphere (Earth System Sciences Committee, 1988). The general idea of "Earth systems" is used as a unifying theme of integrated science in over 30 states (Biological Science Curriculum Study, 2000) and has considerably influenced the restructuring of science curriculum and curriculum development. The Earth system concept is also being used by scientists to investigate the role that human activities play in global environmental change (Steffen & Tyson, 2001).    SYSTEM THEORY   As Blauberg, Sadovsky and Yudin (1977) observed, a German-Canadian biologist, Ludwig von Bertalanffy (1901-1972) was a creator of General System Theory (GST). His conceptual approach has had a wide impact on such diverse disciplines as biology, psychology, and economics, and his system theory is an attempt to formulate common laws that apply to every scientific field. Heylighen and Joslyn (2001) stated,  Bertalanffy was both reacting against reductionism and attempting to revive the unity of science. He emphasized that real systems are open to, and interact with, their environments, and that they can acquire qualitatively new properties through emergence, resulting in continual evolution. Rather than reducing an entity (e.g., the human body) to the properties of its parts or elements (e.g., organs or cells), systems theory focuses on the arrangement of and relations between the parts which connect them into a whole (cf. holism). This particular organization determines a system, which is independent of the concrete substance of the elements (e.g., particles, cells, transistors, people, etc). Thus, the same concepts and principles of organization underlie the different disciplines (physics, biology, technology, sociology, etc.), providing a basis for their unification. (p. 1)   In Bertalanffy's outline of the major aims of general system theory, we can find the implications for education (Chen & Stroup, 1993). His system theory provides a basis and unifying focus for integrated science education. His list of the major aims includes:   * There is a general tendency towards integration in the various sciences, natural and social.   * Such integration seems to be centered in a general theory of systems.