Hi!    This is another Sunday I'm spending at home on assignments. I've been missing Sundays at church to do these assignments and this worries me.  I have a leadership position in the church, and although my pastor is very understanding, it's not good for my spiritual life or my example as a church leader to miss church so often.  If I don't get to watch Joyce Meyer every morning before school I won't have any spiritual strength at all.  Work pressure is pretty high.  The Grade 8 2005 intake must be finalised, and the Grade 12 exam preparations must be completed. I've also got to select my matrics for English Oral moderation on Tuesday and get them to the venue.  My ICDL candidates must be organised and encouraged to go and write the exams.  Everybody is tense at school because the year-end is approaching and the work is increasing.    This weekend was such a busy one. The Matric Farewell was on Friday evening - and I'm so glad that's over so that we can concentrate on work again! - and on Saturday we had a huge netball festival at our school;  my name was down for making pancakes from 14h00 till 16h00.  I also wrote the ICDL theory exam at 9h15 and then shot across to Westering to attend a mandatory seminar by the chief induna of the Assembly of God church in South Africa.  After the pancake making session I had to attend a family braai because my nephew was turning ten and his mother wouldn't take NO for an answer!   Anyway, enough about the personal life. Today is the day I have to ensure that my webpage is loaded to Hagar. I've also just read the unit on games and I'm afraid it's made me want to throw in the towel. I just want to rest and forget that I've even got a long distance course to follow.  So far I've managed to linke currency convertor and translator, and I've managed to get a free floating object going through the page (I still can't make it click to reveal a motivational message, though).  Today I need to finalise all of that and start on my Games module. These journals are getting shorter and shorter, but if I don't keep up the record regularly I forget all that has happened and it fades into an indiscriminate blur!!  See you later Odette