HAH! I edited the layout wording stuff. Maroon5 lyrics. Whoot.  Erg. Tomorrow is counties. GUESS WHAT!?!?!?! Take a wild guess what I'll be running!  Yeah, that's right...the two-mile...again.  *Sigh*  But hey, it's at Chesapeake and they have a rockin' track. Maybe it'll turn out for the better. Sí?  Not much is going on, really. Twenty-four days until my birthday, I think. Amanda had it on her journal that it was twenty-three days until Harry Potter comes out, so it must be twenty-four days until the big One-Five. Wow, fifteen. Ha!   When Thursday gets here it will be twenty-five WORK DAYS until school lets out on the 17th of June. That's good, because I'm just plain sick of school. It took me long enough to get sick of it, but I got there. Hey.   Then the HSA's are in two weeks. I get to go in late on that Monday since it's the Geometry HSA. Other than that, it's regular time all that week.   Next year sounds good already. Sophomore...YES!!! AP European History, moving on up, Honors English and Honors Chemistry...it's all good. Music Theory, Latin, Spanish III, and whatever else I signed up for. It's looking good already. Can't wait. I'm so sick of this year...Theatre Arts is fun, but it's a hell of a lot more work than even any of my core classes. Team Sports just plain sucks, but I'd rather have TS than Fitness for Life, and I never had to take Fitness for Life so I guess I feel kind of lucky. All my other classes are just going downhill now.  Katy's birthday is next Wednesday.   Let's see, what else? Working on more music, more gee-tar. Amanda's crushed, and I don't see why. I guess she had more to lose since I didn't really count as anything but accompanament. It's all good, and I'm not worried.    I once had something Something that was so good Better than the last thing I touched  Then I turned right around On that something Guess I figured I didn't like it that much...  Whoa yeah the grass is green But can you tell me  Can you feel it? I wanna feel it! Whoa yeah the grass is green But I think I stained my jeans and now Everybody knows that I've been in it...  I am a believer But as I was standing In line somebody took my place...  I am a believer No matter what they say  I got so tired along the way  Whoa yeah the grass is green But can you tell me can you feel it? I just wanna feel it! Oh yeah the grass is green, But I've stained my jeans  And now everybody knows that I've been in it!   And I've got a skeleton that deeper than any closet And I promise I will ride on it... You opened up to me, 'till I could only see the Beauty in your dishonesty, yeah!   Whoa yeah the grass is green But can you tell me can you feel it? I just wanna feel it! Oh yeah the grass is green, But I've stained my jeans  And now everybody knows that I've been in it!   *yawn* I'm so tired...  Someone told me today that my birthmark looked a lot better than it used to in sixth grade. When I told them that it should because of all my surgeries, they were surprised 'cause they didn't know I'd had so many surgeries (I've lost count). I guess that's good.  I'm hoping for another Thunder-Boomer so I won't have to go outside and play flag-football tomorrow in Team Sports.  -Mal