Well for those of you who thought I was in Spain it might surprise you to know that I'm in fact sitting in an internet cafe in Cambridge.  No, I didn't lose my passport or miss my flight (although both of those things would have been par for the course with me).  I decided that I felt too achy and nauseous and sick to travel anywhere and so I'm resting up at my friend Cath's for the next few days.    I managed to pull my finger out today and get a job application finished off.  It's a position that I really, really want: working  for an organisation which provides training for 'the educationally and socially disadvantaged' (i.e refugees and asylum seekers) in North London but I threw a childish strop about it yesterday and almost decided not to bother applying at all, which would be daft.  I read out what I'd managed to get done to my friend Rose on the phone last night and decided that what I'd written wasn't too bad at all.  As far as I can see, it all rests on acroynms - the job description asks for '2 years ESOL experience' which strictly speaking, means teaching refugees whereas my two years of experience is in EFL - English as a Foreign Language - i.e teaching abroad.  I've tried to 'big up' what I've done as much as possible (in my sister's phrase) but I'm not sure if it will be enough to secure me an interview.  However, as I said I'm really pleased that I've managed to overcome my loathsome inertia and get the damn thing sent off.  It's lovely spending time with Cath although it's been a bit difficult for her I think because she's not allowed to speak!  She has to rest her vocal chords after the benefit gig she did on Monday which was *amazing*.  I've only heard the Coombster do whispery folk numbers before so the new sexy soul sista was a revelation.  Her voice was so powerful it sent shivers through me.  I'm really pleased for her as I know how hard she's struggled in the past with both voice problems and that nasty bugbear of creative types, self-confidence. The gig served as a timely reminder to get my own butt in gear as well.  I've agreed to do a 20 minute set at Cath's birthday party (will probably be at the beginning of September) so that I have something concrete to aim for that I cannot allow myself to wriggle out of.