Euthanasia...   Thu Jul 13 22:45:37 2000   I've always questioned my beliefs on this issue. And sometimes I'll go with saying "oh the only person in control of our life is God", than at other times I think "well if the pain is that bad, then we should be to end our life". Yet now a days, I've started to believe the latter, and the following will be the reasons why. First of all, for those of you who read my posting on capitol punishment and then read this one, you'll probably think "hey she believes we shouldn't kill people, but here she thinks we have control over killing ourself--she's a hypocrite". Well, actually Not. See, I think that if there is anyone who has control over us, that person is ourself or god. I am strictly against the death penalty because it's not harsh enough, and also because NO one can decide on putting us to death, except, yes, us and god. But in the case of murder, then that stupid perpetrator put the victim to death, and it wasn't that, there, the victim had a choice. I mean, these days, *most* victims want to live a life, and occasionally you see victims who really did want to die. Now as to reason for why I'm for Euthanasia or also known as "Assisted Suicide". I think that if someone is in extreme pain, and he/she wants to end their life, he/she should be allowed to do so. Sometimes in these cases, the family members also agree on the assisted suicide but it never follows through because of governmental rules (isn't it our life??). Also, I just know that if I was in pain and felt pain everytime I walked, and just laid in bed all day, I'd rather die than to live that life with pain. That's got to be the worst torture out there (hence my reason for having murderers face life in prison!--except in prison they live a life full of guilt).  As always, most of my arguments relate with the self, and if *one* believes that he/she cannot live his/her life because they are in such extreme pain, then, hey I say, go for it. Now most of you out there will think, hah, she's telling other people to shoot themselves in the head, if they are extremely depressed--well NO. I guess I never defined that "extreme pain" I was talking about..well  the pain I'm talking about is the pain one suffers from some illness, or from being soo sick that they  cannot move and when there is nothing else out there to fix them into some 'good condition'. I DONT mean depression, sure it's pain, but I know that there are drugs out there to treat depression and with help, one can overcome depression. No I'm not cold, but there is a line between treatable things vs. non-treatable things such as cancer.  Also, while I'm at it..and since what I'm going to say does relate to the topic here..I wanted to talk about our government and why it does not allow any of us to freely smoke, drink, do pot, follow through in assisted suicide, ect. Why is that?? It is OUR life, it isn't the stupid government's life, why don't they allow us to do whatever?? There are some things which are just pretty damn stupid! Anyhow to end this and to re-iterate my point, I believe in 'assisted suicide' only because I believe that a person who is worthy of making decision for him/herself should be allowed to choose the choice between life and death.