urlLink Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR)  This is a biography of American President FDR. It is from  urlLink USA Presidents .   From the site:   Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( January 30 , 1882 - April 12 , 1945 ), often referred to as FDR , was the 32nd ( 1933 - 1945) President of the United States . He was elected to an unprecedented four terms of office - the only U.S. president elected more than twice, and part of the reason the United States Constitution was amended to limit presidents to 2 full terms (8 years). His main contributions were the instituting of major economic and social assistance programs in response to the Great Depression , leading the country through a successful involvement in World War II , and the formation of the United Nations .   He was born on January 30 , 1882 in Hyde Park, New York , and died on April 12 , 1945 in Warm Springs, Georgia of a cerebral hemorrhage , leaving the famous Unfinished Portrait . He suffered from polio at the age of 39, which left him with severe difficulty in moving his legs. He often used a wheelchair , but took efforts to hide this disability throughout his life. In fact, there are only two known photographs of Roosevelt in his wheelchair. When a statue of Roosevelt sitting in a wheelchair was commissioned in Washington, DC in 2001 , some criticized this as unnecessary political correctness .  From the age of one, through until 1936 , Roosevelt spent his summers at Campobello Island, New Brunswick but because of his worsening polio, in later years he had to spend much of his time in Warm Springs, whose namesake warm springs provided him and others relief from their symptoms , and where he built the Little White House , now a Georgia state historic site . [1] He also created the town's Roosevelt Warm Springs Institute for Rehabilitation , which continues to help others with disabilities to this day. [2]   He graduated from Ivy League Harvard University in 1904 , and from Ivy League Columbia Law School with a J.D. in 1908 before taking a job with a prestigious Wall Street firm. On St. Patrick's Day , 1905 , he married Anna Eleanor Roosevelt , a distant cousin, who was the favorite niece of Theodore Roosevelt , his fifth cousin.