Work:  Pages read: 0 Pages written (fic): 1 Pages written (non-fic): 0  Comments:  I really need to institute a "page a day" rule for my dissertation like I have for my fiction work--that would just make sense, wouldn't it?  Today didn't go at all as I imagined it would, and though tomorrow will suck because of that, I'm not too ruffled about it right now.  Just as I was about to go to bed, my mother signed onto IM, and we had a nice chat--she sounded much more upbeat than she did in her email.  I keep on forgetting how much we're alike.  I was v. v. v. proud of myself, as I passed up a Coke and snack, and tried to go to sleep.  The problem was, I failed.  Since the weather was nice this morning, I took my walk at 5:30am.  It was  glorious ; I did stairs and all sorts of stuff, and didn't feel like I was going to fall over and die.  I finished exercising and decided I would sleep a few hours before going to Mass.  Let's just say that did not work out for me, as I woke up around 5pm.  There was a memo from Housing telling us to be out by July 30th (funny, I swear my contract was until the end of July; I should demand a refund just to be a bitch about it).  This means that my visit with Jessica and Kyle is going to be extremely weird.  Had a nice long chat with Sean that has been a few days in the making, so that was good.  I'm ready to kill a few of my students--if you haven't done any of the work for the final, and you're in a group, why not ask your group members for help instead of whining to me (especially after I said, "If X, then email me by FRIDAY") and demonstrating that you've put the project off until the last minute?  Oh well...they're not going to be happy with me tomorrow at all, as I don't have their papers graded.  Nichole's students are driving her insane too, so I guess it's just that time of the term.  I'm trying to make headway on Margot's birthday gift, and what I have so far looks beautiful, but she needs to give me a few more bits of info before I can finish it.  It's a great idea though, and I'm pretty sure she'll like it.  I will have to run errands and deal with the issue of insurance tomorrow, which will be wretched, I am sure.  I also need to clean the room before class, though hopefully I can manage some of that tonight.