I was playing the TUCS game (see previous post) today and an interesting coincidence occurred. I was bored and being one in the possession of a whole lot of free time, I invented a new game (Don't get your hopes up its not that great), The details are explained in the last post, so if you haven't read them yet please do so as you may find enlightenment, the answer/question to the meaning of life, inner peace or perhaps just understand what I am dibbling on about in this post. So anyway here I am playing this brand new soon-to-be-the-next-biggest-fad-since-the-big-bang-game when I decided it was time to visit my old friend from New Zealand; Michael C. (or Chaps as everyone else calls him). So I sent him a txt message via the marvels of cell phone technology saying that I was keen to come visiting and what was he up to. At that point the rules of the TUCS game took me underground to the tubes yet again and I would not receive Chaps's reply txt message for some time latter when I finally re-emerged at my next destination.  So here I am sitting on the tube cruising down the Jubilee line when I noticed that I was heading in the direction of London bridge, at that point I decided to give up on my target and the just recently created TUCS game and travel to London bridge to basically check it out and see what all the fuss is about anyway. But again at that point something intervened and it may have been the random nature of my overused under abused mind or it might have been that the walls in the current tube terminal looked interesting, or it could have even been because I saw a pretty girl out side, I'm not sure but whatever the reason, I decided right then and there not to go to London bridge at all, but instead to get off at this particular station instead. Upon emerging from the station and coming back up in to the fresh vitalizing air of London I then received the txt reply from Chaps, on my cellular phone. After reading the message and glancing at the station name where I had just come from, I realized one of two very important things; 1) I had to take my glasses off because they had fogged up from the change from warm cosy air inside the station to cold frigid air outside and 2) once I had done this, I also realised that I was in the exact same location as Chaps - Westminster.   How weird. There is more to this coincidence too, as Chaps eventually offered me a place to stay for the night thanks to his temporary sub letting kiwi flatmate Nadia. And out of the thousand or so destinations by tube and overland train that Nadia could have lived in, it was in the exact same place where I had been one night earlier.