"Witchcraft," I don't know why I've developed this strange pre-occupation with Frank Sinatra.  I never listened to him while he was alive. But the day he died, I walked into the local coffee dive and suddenly, I discovered him. It was a tribute, and I was getting a posthumous revelation. H-- & V think I'm a little crazy!  But really, he's quite deep!   My whole life seems like that; I'm always catching things after the fact. I missed meeting the beautiful and great DWM's, Shakespeare and Milton. I missed the French revolution; I missed the roaring twenties. I even missed Che Guevara, and the sixties! I missed the sixties by being born. Hah!   I suppose I am a little nutty.  Nonetheless, My grades are done!  I was having anxiety dreams over all of those papers; I graded every last one. Now, I am feeling like I'm experiencing some sort of recoil, still slightly swirling, I don't know what to do with myself.       J spoke with me a lot this week.  I'm might have gone out with him, but I had been too distracted.  What I mean is-- that I don't think it is too healthy turning to J as I'm reeling from K.  So maybe this coming week, if the weather of my heart is a little more clear, dissipated, I'll go out with him.  I do like J, and I want to be fair to him.  I just don't want to look at him and think, "How come K isn't like you?"   But J has his own charisma. He let me know a bit about himself.  Both of his parents are teachers. He lived in Europe for several years, and he loves the French!  You know what else?  He's so, so, nice!  That right there made me drop my papers right in front of him, and start stumbling over my words... Ah yes, intelligent young woman suddenly turns stupid syndrome returns!    And that's just it; I never have had to play stupid around a guy, and I would never,  ever , lower myself!  When my smart girl friends play stupid to catch an idiot, it really irritates me. How demeaning! If the guy can't like you for your brain, then it is all a lie!  But when I am really  REALLY,  attracted to a guy, I do suddenly go brain dead!  It takes me a time to gather my wits about me...  In my mind, I'm still stuck on, "Oh my God, he's so cute, and so funny, and he's just so, so, so..."  Usually, I can tell if I'm moved by the guy in view just by my tone, my humor, and if I've dropped something!    Oh, I'll have to share some of the more momentous instances where I've dropped or spilled something in front of a possible lover. Sometimes, I am such a dork! I wonder would what Freud would think of my infatuation symptoms...   On Tuesday, I carefully pulled my grade reports out of my box.  I held them firmly in my hand.  I went through my box pulling other things, books and what not.  I was in the office area not really focused on anything.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a shadow of a figure pass by the door. J! He stuck his head in, and then rushed in the room.  I looked at his beautiful blue eyes, and I suddenly felt so self conscious.  I kept fidgeting with my shirt and running my fingers through my hair.  And of course, I couldn't help, but smile and laugh! I'm not sure what we were talking about in those first few minutes.  I just remember him saying something about "Santa Cruz." I was thinking of that old Police song, "Do, Do, Do, Da, Da, Da, is all I want to say to you," just fuzz. Then to snap myself back, I said, "Of course, near John Steinbeck country..." I told him I grew up "behind the orange curtain" in Southern California.  At that moment, I thought I was really being my witty self again, but when I moved to the center of the room, my eyes grazed the floor.  The grade reports had landed so nicely, spread out like we were going to do a ground view. He picked up all the papers.  Didn't even say word.  As to how I loosened my grip? I don't know. Certainly, I had been intent on being smart and non-angular. I thought I had it together!!!    In the meantime, the secretary kept distracting him.  Apparently, she wasn't too pleased with our conversation. Jim rolled his eyes a bit. I looked at the time, and knew I had to go.  But J whispered, "Come with me to my office..."  So there I went!  Too cute!  I kept looking at him, and he kept looking at me.  He asked my age indirectly.  I told him, "I'm going to be depressed when I turn 35; maybe, I'll get drunk."  He hesitated for a moment and said in a soft sweet tone, "When I turned 35, I was in love!"  I felt that one;  I really felt that one!  Trying to disguise my warmth, my red face, I smiled and said, "Well, that's always so nice to be in love..."  He then gave a qualifier, "It's over now..."  He told me that he is 37!  Ah! Perfect!  Too cute!    I went on my way after he told me a bit more about his life,  that he managed a bar in a small town in the North West. I don't know why it is so important for him to tell me his story.  Ok, so now I'm really being dumb!  He likes me too. Good! Very good!   Ok, one more instance...  I had to call him the next day to ask about a grading issue. Again, We had a very nice conversation.  He said, "Are you Italian?"  I said, "I'm pretty much French..."  "Then," he explained in that sweet, soft tone, "Don't feel guilty for giving that student an F; The French have no conscience, remember?"  I had to laugh!  The guy makes me laugh too!  He went on to tell me that he knows a bunch of bad words in French.  I didn't bother volunteering my French potty mouth; I mean, when you grow up with a French father, you get accustomed to hearing "Putaine" this and "Sallop" that.  Yet still, he then said something really, really, cute, "Well, when we have a more personal moment together, I'll have tell you all the bad French words I know..."    Provocative indeed! So we ended it there. When I dropped off my grades on Wednesday, I didn't want to go by his office. I just thought I should give myself a bit of space; I want to be sure that I don't have any of K's prickles and stings left.   But I must say, I think I'm looking forward to this "personal moment"... Indeed, Jumbled Chaos