Alright Kevin, I haven't had too much chance to be on here, there's been alot of stuff going on around the house lately.  I don't see why you would think that I wouldn't take you seriously, so here you go.  I don't see the point in alot of what you were taking about.  Like Spencer said, most of this is just a list of facts and information.  I think that's part of the problem that we've been having, communication.  In past couple weeks, I think the whole thing about making a plan an hour before you go and then going after people for not being able to go is absurd.  People, to you, never contact to see what's going on but then you do it yourself.  Maybe it was just a matter of events, it could be, but that seems to be something that has gone on lately.  I know it may not seem a big deal to you about that Sunday night when you came over before Cedar Point, but you didn't call and then there was someone at my door at midnight.  It really scared my family, and that's something that bothered me.  Also the whole thing with inviting people places without anybody knowing is just an awkward sitatuation that could have been avoided with some simple communication of telling people what's going on.  I don't see why you attack my "skills" and that I wouldn't be able to live without them.  Of course I couldn't.  That's what makes a person who they are.  I mean think about yourself, where would you be without the Entertainment world and the Internet?  I really don't see why you continue to talk about my relationship with God.  You supposedly have joined in the family of God, so I would think that you'd understand that I wouldn't live as myself without Him.  Of course, that's a simple fact in my life.  My family means the world to me, God created it for that reason.  My family is structured just in a different way.  I don't see why you need to attack them in any way.   They have no reason to be.  It's obvious that your life has taken you in a different direction than what mine has.  I know that you'd just like to call people up and get people together all the time, but sometimes people just can't go at your speed.  I need time to sit and think to myself and talk with my family.  Other people would probably agree with me.    Well that's about all I've got to say right now.  I'm going to Chicago in the morning to send Matt off to Mexico for his mission trip.  I won't be back until Sunday evening probably just to let everybody know.  God bless ! and may my prayers are with everybody right now, especially you Kevin and your family.