Forrest and Pat got Trev a scanner for his birthday.  Way cool.  Now we just have to scan in the hundreds of pictures hanging about the house and closets.  (and uncle Ernie's rock slide collection, apparently)   We had LaHacienda for dinner.  Has anyone who has ever been to our house not had LaHacienda?  We need to broaden our horizons.  When we walked in the mariachi sang "watch your step, watch your step". Umm, he need to venture out a bit himself.  Poor baby.  It is a pretty tricky little drop off though.  I can only imagine how many margarita laden folks have tripped on that one.  It's probably pretty funny to just sit there and watch.   Then as I walked by on the way out I smiled and he played three chords (I guess chords...du, da du).  Good thing I'm not going to be a music teacher.  Altough I always get all those questions correct.  Pretty funny fellow in any case.  Okay, kim, STUDY.  That's what I've got to do.  I think I better head off to la libreria to do it, cuz it just ain't happenin here at home.  The rain is getting to me!  How do people live like this??? An Emilie story: This summer she is staying with my neighbor down the street again.  Only this year instead of only Emilie and Grace's two girls (all 10) two brothers, Jacob (10) and Joshua (8) have been added to the mix.  You can imagine that Josh is not the happiest little boy.  The others are mean to him. (He can be kinda bratty, but he is honestly the most adorable little thing ever.)   So one can just imagine the scenario with three 10 year old girls and one ten year old boy.  During the school year one of the girls liked (was crushin on, whatever it is that they're calling it this week) Jacob.  That ran it's course and she can't be bothered by him.  The other two, however, have both decided that he's all that.  So 'they' (Emilie of course) MADE him choose which one he was gonna crush with.  --I've acquired this information in bits and pieces from Josh (he'll tell us ANYthing we wanna know) and amazing GRace.   One day he chose Em then the next day he chose Zoe.  How Em can be mad about this when she "got" a boyfriend the last day of school, then "got" another one a few days later, but has yet to tell the first one that he ain't 'gotten' anymore.   In any case, Grace pulls them all together and tells them all that no one is gettin anyone and that they're all friends and if she hears one more word about it then she'll sit with them in the playroom all day.   She calls to tell me that she had a discussion with Zoe and when Zoe told her that she thinks Em is just the coolest kid, Grace asks her why she thinks that.  Why does she think that???  What is she saying??  HELLO.  Who is the coolest kid's mother??  I'm not kidding either.  I was offended that she had to ask.  The funny part is Zoe said that she thinks Em is cool because Em told her she is.   LOL.  That's why my kid is GT.  She just goes around telling people she's cool and wahla.  She is.  That's brilliant.  I'm gonna try it tomorrow...