Well this may be incredibly boring to most of you people out there in cyber land. I'm just writing this to get a few things off my chest. Being a Mum of 2 with another on the way, and being so very ill with this pregnancy, I don't get out much so this seemed like a good way to talk, without actually having to talk to anyone. I've always disliked Mondays. I thought this would get better once I actually stopped work, but its pretty much the same. Instead of worrying about going back to work and what the week holds for me, I now fear being left here alone again for the whole week (there's just no pleasing some people eh!). We've recently got a puppy (Yes I know I'm mad) but we had been promising the kids for a long time that we would get one, and there wasn't much of an excuse not to now I'm at home. I love my kids, but they drive me mad. Is that normal??? Anyway, I digress, the puppy is really cute but is not house trained (puddles and piles everywhere), and whines a lot. I really haven't got the time or the energy to play with her constantly, I try to as much as I can though.  I haven't found this pregnancy easy, maybe because I am getting old (won't tell you how old but let's just say that 40 is creeping up rapidly.) I have gotten over the morning sickness, but still feel queasy at times throughout the day. My husband is the most understanding man in the world and I really appreciate the way he helps me, but what he doesn't understand is that I've never had a very good self esteem, and at the moment where I feel 'ill' most of the time and I'm getting bigger by the minute, I feel a little insecure. Now before you say it, yes I do trust my husband. I can honestly say that I have never trusted anybody more than him, but I also know what a kind and caring kinda guy he is. He spends a significant amount of time on the internet on a certain website 'chatting' to people. I don't think that he would lead anybody on purposely, however, I know that he can tend to take other people's problems on board and try and help as much as possible. I have read some of the things he has said to people and they could easily be misconstrued by somebody that isn't in their correct state of mind shall we say. I've spoken to him about it but I'm sure he thinks I'm being silly. I suppose I feel silly. I don't know, but I do know that it's getting me down. Well that was my very first moan, I feel a little better I suppose. Let's wait and see what happens next then shall we........  Chickie