Graham Robb.  Strangers: Homosexual Love in the Nineteenth Century . New York: Norton, 2003.  Over the summer, I finally got the chance to read this book, which made quite a splash in the last year as an accessible introduction to the history of sexuality. There was quite a stink on one of my listservs about  urlLink Adam Goodheart’s review in the New York Times (March 7, 2004),  because it actually seemed to imply that the “fortunate circumstances” of Robb’s heterosexuality and his non-academic background gave more credence to his work, as though queer scholars just couldn’t be believed. Fortunately, Caroline Rupprecht wrote in to the Times to remind its readers of the extensive amount of scholarly work upon which Robb had built his edifice ( urlLink March 28, 2004).  She even mentioned my name, which pretty much made my day!  So I did get around to reading Robb’s book, which is indeed an accessible, informative, and witty contribution to the subject of same-sex desire in the nineteenth century. His major point is that there were active subcultures focussed on same-sex desire throughout Europe in the nineteenth century and that the members of these subcultures enjoyed relatively pleasant lives. He thinks that the reliance of much previous scholarship on police records and medical journals has painted a far too dismal picture of the life of nineteenth-century men who loved men. As he asserts, “nineteenth-century homosexuals lived under a cloud, but it seldom rained” (30). As he points out, the persecution of homosexuals increased in the twentieth century, which leads him to the brink of implying things were actually better for men who loved men in the nineteenth century than they are in the present.  In raising objections to the overuse of medical records for understanding the history of homosexuality, Robb is implicitly taking on Foucault and his legacy. His basically essentialist assumption that homosexuality and homosexuals have always existed further sharpens his stance against Foucault.  Most of his evidence regarding the “homosexuals” of nineteenth-century America, England and Europe will be well known to scholars of the subject, but there are bound to be new details for even the most knowledgeable. I had no idea, for instance, that Thomas Jefferson had called for piercing the noses of lesbians with large holes! Those new to the subject will be quite knowledgeable when they finish the book.  It is clear that we know much more about nineteenth-century European subcultures based on same-sex desire than Foucault did when he was writing the History of Sexuality, so Foucault’s constructivism—the notion that homosexuality was born in 1869—certainly needs nuancing and revising.  Robb is also correct in moving us away from the sense of nineteenth-century homosexuals as victims of nineteenth-century medical and judicial institutions. In this he follows in the footsteps of scholars such as Harry Oosterhuis, whose biography of Richard von Krafft-Ebing emphasizes how much agency the homosexual patients of the sexologists had.  At a few points, I found Robb’s work less satisfying. He claims at the beginning of the book that he wants to break out of the Anglo-American tradition, but he doesn’t really get very in-depth in the European tradition. The French tradition is obviously the most comfortable non-English one for him, and I learned from his references to French materials. But his work on Germany was very sketchy. I would be surprised if he did any original work on the subject.  As a literary scholar, it was gratifying for me to see that the conclusion of the entire book was an in-depth analysis of works of literature: the detectives in Edgar Alan Poe and Sherlock Holmes. Robb argues convincingly that these detectives with their sidekicks are queer (although he doesn’t use the “q” word). He makes it sound like he’s the first person to have made this point with regard to Poe and he implies that gay studies has generally ignored the question. I don’t research American or British nineteenth-century literature, so I can’t say with any certainty that he’s wrong, but I suspect he is. His general point is well-taken, however: that nineteenth-century male couples could lead generally happy, domestic lives that were relatively well adjusted socially.