a weird dream i had hoped was real...an email that read, "kerry, come back...we miss you.  we love you and we're so incredibly sorry that we treated you like we didn't."  only it wasn't.  my inbox remains empty and still nothing heard from them.  is it the rent money?  i gave them notice i was moving out.  one had even told me that i needed to move out.  the other said he was indifferent.  the third asked me when i was moving in a way that suggested he wanted me out as soon as possible.  they pushed me out.  they treated me so horribly...i don't think anyone could have put up with it as long as i did.  the worst part is that they led me to believe that we would remain friends if i moved out and that everything was okay between us.  i'm so naive.  on another note, i feel like i have been on a vacation.  i am so relaxed and i am so incredibly happy.  although, i've come to realize that having a social life is extremely exhausting.  today is my first "free" day and it's going to be used to finish unpacking.  wednesday we had game night at our place.  thursday i went to the ice palace and then stayed up late making brownies.  friday i went to hinkley and stayed overnight at the casino with a bunch of my women co-workers.  saturday i went out to lunch with amber's family and then went shopping with them.  saturday night i went to an irish pub and listened to an incredible irish musician to celebrate drew's birthday.  it feels so incredibly good to have friends and things to do.  i'm starting to put my life back together and it feels wonderful.  i started emailing and im'ing old friends i haven't talked to in ages.  people i've let drift away from me.  i miss them all and i am so sorry for the person i have been becoming lately.  i started to not care anymore, which i think was a result of living with the boys, and things didn't seem to matter anymore.  it's sort of like everything was turning a shade of gray and i was living in black and white.  now, everything seems to be blossoming into full color and i feel so alive.  by old best friend ken is engaged and moving to rochester.  corey is doing an incredible job with his webdesigning business and is meeting all of these cool bands.  austin is going to be a father in june.  at school, i am convinced the student teacher working with my mentor teacher likes me.  i can't convince myself to be interested though.  it's not because he doesn't seem nice, because he does.  it's not because he isn't cute, because he is (although maybe too much that it scares me).  it's not because he isn't smart, because he is.  it's not because he seems to have a bad personality, because he doesn't.  actually, it feels really good for someone to be interested in me, but i think that may be the most dangerous part.  i know i'm not ready to be involved with anyone yet.  there are too many things in my life i'm still trying to put back together and it wouldn't be fair to the person i dated.  i'm also so incredibly happy right now that i'm really cautious about doing anything that might destroy that.  i've been hurt way too many times before.  i think shea was the worst.  i loved him before we even got involved.  i still love him.  but he only saw me as an object and used me.  he took everything he could from me and then just threw me away.  he's not even man enough to tell me what i did wrong and why i'm no longer worth his friendship.  he hurt me so much and he continues to hurt me.  out of the 4 guys i've been involved with, 4 led me on with no intention of staying with me, 4 lied to me (and i believed), 4 used me, 3 cut off all ties with me, 2 cheated on me, 4 hurt me an extreme amount, 4 wouldn't tell me what i did wrong, i don't think any of them think that they did anything wrong, and i don't hate any of them.  after shea, i am not sure i want to do anything "romantic" with anyone anymore.  i trusted him the most and i still can't believe that he can just take everything from me and then completely throw away my friendship.  i remember all of the conversations we had about how i was one of the few people he considered a friend and would do anything for.  i remember that we decided to stop dating for fear of destroying our friendship.  he was convinced that i would end up hating him and not want to be friends with him.  it's ironic that it seems to have worked the other way around.  i remember my conversations with kurt and how he told me how much shea loved me and that if he wasn't in love with kelsay he'd be in love with me too, and how he cared so much about me.  he also told me that if i moved out we would still hang out together and keep in touch.  he wouldn't talk to me on im today so i guess that isn't the case.  and mike.  we have been through so much together to just throw it all away.  but i guess he has megan now and that's all that matters to him.  i hate this all so much.