I am employed, currently and temporarily, by federal grant money to research at-risk populations in five Wisconsin counties and to advise the powers that be on disaster preparedness and potential problems. Some may find it ironic, but I am kissing heaven for sending me to Hillsdale at this point. If there ever existed a time when a large dose of BS was useful, in fact necessary, this is it. Who can possibly know all the potential problems, truly prepare for disaster and even  find  the at-risk populations. One county worker told me her biggest concern was for all the people who 'move around a lot, don't have phones or televisions, and are isolated from the community due to fear of the authorities.' She said they were the biggest special needs population in the county because 'no one can find them and they won't trust anyone they don't know.' Well, thank you for letting me know. I know exactly what to do for people who cannot be found, do not exist on paper and won't answer their doors even if you happen to stumble upon them. So this population will be mentioned in my report as existing somewhere with certain tendencies that make it impossible to foresee their outcome in a mass casualty event. And I'm not making bad money. Another task, find out how children are cared for in shelters, medically treated in absence of parents, etc. Answer: The American Red Cross and The Salvation Army...take them to the ER if there is an emergency. They wanted me to spend the whole summer on this. All they needed was someone to open the emergency plan manual and read it back to them.     Has anyone looked at the insanity that is the Dept of Homeland Security? The amount of money being poured into it, the reorganization of other departments to facilitate it...established depts once performing relatively useful tasks and services are now either starving for money or forced to do irrelevant jobs, like mine. It was all switched around before anyone had figured out what HS was supposed to do! How does one design something before knowing what its purpose is? When did logic get this warped? "It's like wiping your butt before you poop," where did I hear that? Anyway, whoever decided this whole mess was a good idea needs a lobotomy. My own tax dollars are being wasted on me and it still pisses me off.     If you ever want to find justification to move to a tropical climate and live in a nude commune on the beach...visit your government - municipal, county, state, federal - and look no farther.