Child Rearing...who should do it?   Tue Dec 28 21:55:33 1999   Recently I went to my friend's house and I had a few hours to sit down and chat with my friend's mother. I've got to admit that my friend's mom is one interesting person! She talked to me about, how people in this society take children for granted. There are people out there who cannot have children...people who would love to give a child the perfect home..the home that some parents who 'can' have children don't give much about. She talked about how, once in your life you have the chance to mold something into the way you want it to be like, almost like the way you mold clay when you make pottery. It really made me think about how people let others' raise their children, through day-care...by letting ones' children be raised through daycare, the parents are only letting their children learn that the values that should matter to the child should come from what the daycare provider seems to find most fit. Now is that what most parents want? I personally wouldn't think so. As much as I am for woman working and all when a child is born or even a father working when a child is born (well the father one is a given)..I still believe that when a child is born, one parent should stay home and raise that child, so that the child grows up having the same values that the parent finds to be good/moral. If that is done, and parents do raise their children themselves rather than having a day care provider do it..I'm sure that we'll see less problems between parents and children. I believe that sometimes the misunderstandings between children and parents are based on what the child has been taught or has learned, whether it be from his/her friends, or more so from a day care provider. I believe that this problem could simply be solved if a parent would spend more time with the child when it is born and stop fussing over making enough money to support the family. Note..though it is true that there are single parents out there, and raising a child can be hard, when the parent also needs to work, etc. Yes, I understand the situation, but I believe that, even that situation can be fixed or something. I mean sure, most of us don't start out thinking that they want to have a child and raise it themselve (though some might)..But if one is the only person raising the child and has to rely on day care while he/she works to make money for the house..what he/she can do is he/she can at least talk to the child or do something like read them a book before they put that child to bed each night. Granted the mother/father might be tired, but hey, I guess that's just one thing that comes with a child. No mother/father has said that raising a child is easy, and no mother/father has ever said that hey, they weren't tired when their child cried, or needed attention. I guess it's a price the parent must pay. (I don't want to sound mean or anything, but most parents do experience what I've stated above..no I'm not a parent, and I may be wrong, but I've heard the above enough to think it's correct).