Hello,  It looks a little stormy outside.  In fact, a tropical depression is off the coast of SC.  It's not supposed to hit us, but it's close enough to give SC some rain, wind, and whatever else it could drop on us.  The library's freezing, but this time I brought a sweater.  Clever me.  I went to the kitchen in this dump, to add some more water in my cup, and there was this inscet in the sink.  It looked like a spiny caterpillar.  Needless to say, I went for bottled water.     Today is ok, because Sundays are the easiest to start.  It's just me and a student holding down the fort.  It is also finals time, and I said I was doing my final on Thomas Eakins.  That meant scanning multiple iamgeas out of these big annoying art books.  The scanner is so petit compared to the book, so It took some considerable time to get things done proper.  Nonetheless, I have multiple images to work with.  I would still have to find some images from Henry O. Tanner, and Winslow Homer, since bopth artists were Eakins' contemporaries.  I'll do those via web.  I'm bound to hit something.   Aside from my finals, the job is even tempered this week.   Same old drama goin on.  One co-worker called to say she was "in transit," meaning she's show up.  We never saw her.  That was Monday.  LOL  I suppose she's having fun somewhere, or thowing herself a pity party.  So long as the day remains quiet.   I did, however have a dog of a time with the FA office.  All I needed to know is when was my aid going to be posted to my account.  I got a song and dance about I won't know until the semester starts, which is beyond reasoning.  The classes needed to be paid now, since I had the cash, and the deadline is Aug 6th to settle up your bill, or you will be bounced out of the classes you signed up for.    Sometimes the fact that you're at a higher learning institutionis ironic, becasue so many people there seem to be lacking any knowldge.  Did I mention that those of us who applied for scholarships, will not be notified as to whether we've recieved them or not  until the 6th.  It's a pretty shitty postion to be in.  I buckled down, and paid for any expenses I needed to.  It means no Lattes for some time, since I am, in effect, without some cash to carry myself around.  Thank God I can lan on my family.  It's times like this that you need people around you.     Song of The Day:     "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"    By Cassandra Wilson.  Why?  It's a remake done in a great way.  You can feel the sadness in the song.   Good rainiy day song.  Be well,  ---Stacy