Reward Camp   Thursday was the day of the Reward Camp. The library was quite a sight with around 8 sleeping bags, pillows and other assorted items lined up. The siren went and those going on reward camp parted with those who... Weren't. Then it was a wait at the bus stop... a long anxious wait. Finally the hostel bus drove around the corner. The trailer was bigger than the bus! Yes, the trailer was big, but it was mostly because the bus was so small. We packed our bags and hopped on. First we went to Dewsons to pick up the food, then headed back to the high school to collect the first aid kit which was forgotten. Then it was a 1 hour drive up to the Duke of Orleans.   1 very long hour later we checked out the accommodation. In room 22 was Morgan, Lily, Mandy, Tonya and Heather. In room 24 was Hawkins, Cartledge, Jordan and myself. Of course, separating us was the teachers. The houses themselves had two rooms: on with tables, chairs, sink, cupboards and two bunk beds, the other with cupboards and a large double bed. After the food was sorted out we headed down to Wharton's Beach. Brad (x2), Mandy and Lily entered the water while the rest of us preferred to stay "dry" on land. Jordan and I (later joined by Brad) started digging a hole. It kept caving it, and was rather muddy very quickly. It wasn't helped by the fact that we hit a layer of black sand which was impossible to dig through. Cartledge was buried, but later decided that the ordeal was too painful after the sand was being thrown at him. A particular highlight was leaving the beach. We waited for the group of students on the rocks to go back to the bus. Nothing happened. We blew whistles. Nothing happened. We waved Brad's shirt around. Nothing happened. We honked the bus horn. Nothing happened. We drove off. They started to walk. We went half way up the hill (and reversed) before the guys arrived. It was another 5 minutes before the girls got there. At least the guys raced to the bus...   After lunch we headed back out to Wharton's to play Survivor. Both Brads, Morgan, Tonya and Jacqui bore the green flag of the snake. Lily, Jordan, Heather, Mandy and myself carried the red flag of the fish. This will be told from the red teams perspective purely for the fact that I couldn't be in two places at once. While Mandy ran up the stairs to retrieve a key Lily and I had to dig under a post 5cm off of the ground. When Mandy returned she helped us dig until the hole was large enough for all 3 of us to crawl under. Mandy then unlock the handcuffs on Jordan and all four of us dug under yet another post to reach Heather. From there I ran up to the end of a field covered in cones while everyone else blindfolded themselves. By this point we were coming last. I then had to instruct everyone where to walk to stand on cones until everyone had three each. Then we were up to the part of the challenge called Monster. All five of us had to be touching while getting across a set distance with only three body parts touching the ground. It took 2 tries before Mr.. Snow pointed out that it doesn't necessarily have to be the same body part always touching the ground. Then it was a matter of picking up two people while the others walked (making sure not to have two feet on the ground at once).   By this stage the game was pretty much even. We ran for the marker and read the text. "20 paces south". We halved this and walked 10 steps towards the stairs. We scrambled through the dirt and almost immediately found our first playing card/ It said "20 paces west". We took ten steps towards the water and dug with yellow team. They found our card (we had the clubs suit) and left them to their own work. It said "20 paces north east". We ran back up to where our marker was and look around with the blue team. After 3 minutes the blue team left (apparently they had read their card wrong) and after 5 minutes we were still empty handed. We asked Mr. Snow and he said that because it was diagonal the card may not have been placed in the circle he marked out. Sure enough when we went 10 paces north east from our starting point it was one metres away from the circle he placed. We found our third card which said 30 paces north. I knew that the yellow team had already found their fourth and final card. We continued on pacing. Lily was the one who found it. It was encased in a large block of ice. It was then that I realised what the yellow team was doing. They were defrosting the card in the water. Lily took care of that by throwing the rock at the ground, smashing the ice into many pieces. We ran to the finish line with our four cards and won. The green team came fourth (out of four). (Still, they managed to take a share out of our chocolates...)   Spotlight was great. Aim: Find a miraculous way to avoid the torches of Mr. Snow and Ms. Handley to make it to the top of the play ground equipment. Very fun, had it not been for the fact that the only way someone won was because the teachers left their torches off for 20 seconds because no one would ever win. Especially not with Brad's super bright torch. Especially not with the playground area enclosed by a fence. Especially not with Mr. Snow inside the fence and Ms. Handley patrolling around outside. Especially not with some of the less responsible people wandering off. The following day was tiring. I dug a metre deep hole all by myself which I was quite comfortable in. Meanwhile everyone else decided to play cricket around me and then complained that my hole was getting in the way of their pitch. The nerve of some people. Then we filled in the hole, returned to camp and packed up. The bus ride back was possibly more boring then the way over. Mr Snow's insistence of cricket being played over the radio did not help. Just out of Esperance the trailer door feel down and we drove down the road while everything collected dust. Fortunately someone pointed this out to us before our belongings were strewn down the road.    Surprise Party   On Sunday between 4pm and 9pm was Morgan's farewell/fancy dress/surprise party. I was there dressed up as the Property Man (from The Stolen Prince), with Mike, Brad, other Brad, David, Lily, Shelli, Tonya, Zoe, Rose, Paul, and of course, Morgan. Costumes included Tinkerbell, Trinity and a very convincing Ugly. After Rose returned from choir we played spotlight. Some people didn't seem to grasp the point of the game and before it was really started it was finished. The playground was sort of ruined by the fact that it was mostly open ground and there was a street light placed right next to it.