Reflection:   Am doing a learning log for both weeks 3 and 4 as work caught up with me and led to a some neglect on the readings. Thus didn't do as much as I should in the past 2 weeks but hope to make up for it in the weeks to come!  I missed out on the chat session! Timing wasn't too great though. Being 6pm - 8pm Malaysian time, that's smack in my commute home and even though I was back after 7pm, way too exhausted to log on and engage in a cognitive social activity. Will be nice to have a chat session on a Saturday. We'll see when the next one is.  I have mixed views over a synchronous online activity. The class is just too large to have an open chat. I feel it should be conducted in smaller groups but that will probably demand too much time on Shirley's part. The nature of the Internet being inherently unstable and not particularly 'synchronous' (lagging and flooding a common event) doesn't quite make the idea very appealing. But I will save my reservations until I get a go at it first.  Am still perplexed over the learning theories and am still wondering why the constructivist approach seems to be seen as the best approach? Read somewhere that the leaning towards constructivism is largely due to the nature of the online system where the learner is empowered. Plus it's easier to design a flexible learning environment on an asychronous user independent platform. Likely to be true but not a measure on learning effectiveness, which another forgotten article mentioned how no single learning theory has been shown to be better than another.  Overall, the course is starting to make more sense. And that's good.   Action:   Posted my first critical incident. It's a graded assignment so it's a tad daunting. Am hoping for the best!   Observation:   Most forum postings go unheeded. It's definitely ideal in a constructivist environment to foster peer interaction and knowledge generation but if no one participates, and the facilitator isn't always there, it makes for a challenging learning experience. Have decided that it's probably easier for the moment to read up on the other postings. Will have to read more about 'vicarious' learning and how learners can lurk and creep around other interactions and take part in the learnings going on.