The furniture arrives today, sometime between 10 and 6...and of course, here I am, still lying in the floor-bed. :)  Oh well. I have plenty of time to move stuff and vaccuum to make sure the floor's nice and clean. :)  My weekend started yesterday at about 11am or so...and I have nothing planned.  Except playing with money to figure out how much we can send to the various bills.  What fun! :) NOT.  The only money we have spent in this last 2 weeks has been on gas and food...I'm hoping to be able to do the same thing for the next couple months and send as much as possible to the credit cards so we can get them paid down...They're not that high (we have two with money on them-one is mine, one is his) but we've got other things that need to be put on there...So here we go.    Hm. Not much else to report.  I went to try and pick up my brother and sister-in-law's mail but there was none on either day when I went. I have a feeling my mother-in-law got it herself.  She never trusts me to do anything.  Figures.  I think I'm going to make pasta fagioli soup tonight. I haven't decided for sure. It all depends on if it's raining or not by the time the day is done.  I don't want to feed J hot soup if it's 80 out.  Right now it's 55 and really cloudy. Last night we had some nasty storms come through and he was up well after 11pm. He's normally up until 10 at the latest. :(  Someone from the Tricourse tournament contacted J to see if he'd be interested in playing this year.  This is a tournament where they play at one of the pub links courses in town and the next two days at each of the country clubs.  One year he placed 9th so they called him to see if he'd play again. I personally think it's because they're low on entrants.  Either way, it was neat that they actually called him to see if he'd play!  I hope he does well.  The last time I walked the tournament with him, he didn't do very well...it wasn't "bad" but I think he placed in the 30's or 50's or something.  It was a rough year. He's not played since then because we were living in Seattle or outside Racine County.  Hm. Anything else?  Not really. I really should get up and get a shower, move the bed out and all that garbage...I'm so unmotivated!!!  woooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOO. ahem. :)  bye bye.