Double Update  I can't be bothered writing a big update. Right now I'm half asleep and currently it doesn't look like I'm going to wake up. Still, I didn't get time to update last week, so right now it's essential that I post anything, especially considering how busy the last two weeks have been.   Movies  On Tuesday everyone went to the movies. By everyone I mean myself, as well as Hawkins, Cartledge, Matt, Lily, Tonya, Kyla, Zoe, Ash, Mike, Candice and quite possibly someone else who I have forgotten. We met at Top End at 5:00 and ate food and talked, wasting time until the movies. Ash and I watched Spy Kids 3D. Everyone else watched Master and Commander. I would've gone with the majority of the group had it not been for their horrible taste in film. I doubt I would've had the guts to stand watching 138 minutes of Russell Crowe on some boat in some ocean in some war some time ago. Spy Kids 3D was much better. Not only was I quite possibly the tallest person in the entire cinema, and not only did we get to witness some children attempting to sneak into the cinema before getting chucked out, but we got to keep the 3D glasses! How cool is that? After the movie I waited with Ash 1 hour for the other movie to finish, eating very munchy popcorn and memorising the patterns of the lights on the roof. Fianlly the other movie finished and everyone went home.   Sleepovers  On Friday I headed up to Salmon Gums with Hawkins to spend an entire 4 days in the same house as David. It is a miracle I survived that long. The first day was one of boredom and badminton. Both involved a lack of computers. I don't fully know how many hours of badminton was played in the first day, but it felt like it was bordering on four. The next day was only slightly better. The was even more badminton, this time with punishments for screwing up serves. That night we watched Bubblegum Crisis an awful lot. It was the following day that we got the Nintendo 64 games working. We spent the rest of the day was spent gathered around the computer playing Super Smash Bros. (I love that game! I once again kicked butt with Yoshi).  The same applied for the day after. Some of the major highlights were going home, hiding David's slingshot (I really should remember to tell him where that is), and covering David with 7 cushions, 1 pillow and a mattress while he was helplessly asleep on the couch. Oh, I am evil! On Wednesday (well at least I think it was Wednesday. As I said before I am rther tired) Brad, Brad and Sam slept over my place. I can't be bothered remembering anything interesting, and I doubt anything interesting did happen at all, but we did watch some DVD's and play some board games. Despite the sleepover being named "Card Night" only two games of cards actually occured. The surprise game of the day was Wario Ware for GBA. Specifically Skate Boarding, which Cartledge scorwd 143 in. I have since beaten the high score, which now stands at 171.