So that's me, I'm a mall rat. At least for today. It is good to take a break from the tourist routine and just relax a bit. I'm back at the super mega mall in Bangkok and I'm loving all 5 floors of it. I saw Collateral today. Pretty good I have to say. One interesting thing, while I was in Myanmar I caught two movies. The thing that struck me odd about them is that they were American movies but they didn't have subtitles. So unless you spoke some seriously great English you weren't going to understand it all. It became obvious they were there just to enjoy the eye candy. So the second film I saw was "Troy." Not nearly as good the second time around but it didn't matter since the Burmese kept me entertained. So first of all they were all goofing off talking and not paying attention whenever there was any kind of dialouge or talking going on. Then when the fights came around everyone got quiet and paid attention. Then after the fight they would all get up and go to the bathroom and start talking again and carry on. What was funny is how the marveled at the special effects. Stuff we taked for granted got oooo's and ahhh's from the crowd. I was having a blast up to this point but nothing could have prepared me for the end. So the Greeks build this horse and then pretend to go home. The poor Trojans take it inside and the rest is history. We all knew how the movie was going to end before we even saw it. But what if we didn't? What if we lived in Myanmar and didn't have a clue? You couldn't possibly imagine the reaction from the crowd when the horse opened up and people started getting out. Really they had no clue that Brad Pitt and his homies were in there. I'm sure some of them must have known but guessing from the gasps and talking most of them didn't have a clue. Talk about nuts. I mean what if you didn't know the ship was going to sink? Man wouldn't you be in for a surprise. Totally off the point but it's a good story. I think I'll take a day tour tomorrow and then fly back on Friday. I'm waiting on one last e-mail from my boss to let me know things are good to go. He managed to botch things up a bit but nothing major. I did get a hair cut that I'm quite happy with. My head is more or less shaved but not exactly. It's a short cut to put it one way. No more Korean haircuts if I can avoid them. I look forward to getting back and relaxing. I have to say I have a pretty good life in Daegu and I'd like to return soon. Hopefully this will be possible. Ok all for now. Gonna try and play some games.