I just don't get why some people have sooooooooo much trouble understanding things or thinking on their own for that matter.  I swear I feel like I have to explain and re-explain to the point of insanity.  Here is an example of what I deal with (from adults mind you).  If I were teaching a training class on how to wipe your ass these are the reactions I would get.  Some would "get it" first try (love them), others will need some explaining.......so I explain how to properly wipe an ass..."they get it" and just start doing it....maybe they need some help with "technique" but other than that they get it, THEN I have the ones that I will explain how to wipe their ass to them, they just sit there with a confused look on their face....so I will explain again, give visuals to help, go into great detail on what to do--such as how to position the toliet paper properly on your had so as not to get messy.....they ask some questions and then "pretend" to "get it."  I walk off to help others with their technique.  The "pretenders" try to wipe their ass and just end up smearing shit everywhere.....at first I feel bad (*thinks I must have not done a good job explaining*) so I go over and help...even demonstrate by wiping my own ass in front of them and then have them do it (not to me that would be weird....and none of this is real just an example--just incase you were getting confused. LOL).  They do it correctly, but then the next time they need to wipe their ass they can't do it and need it explained AGAIN, at this point I have decided that they are just dumb-shits, but it's my job so I explain again.  Then they will continue to ask me the same exact questions over and over----or better yet they will ask me "opinion" questions like what kind of toilet paper do I have to use??  (WTF!! I think.)  I respond with "whatever kind you choose...I personally like...cottonale, but it's up to you."  Or I would get questions like "When do I wipe my ass??"  I would respond with "when you have shit on it" *thinking dumbass!*     This is just an example of what I deal with during training weeks.......I DO NOT train people to wipe their asses.........I train them to make bouquets.  But the stupidity I get sometimes is equal to that of what I have just described.  So if you ever wonder why I get easily frustrated that is why......my patients is tried every week I have a training class.  So to all my very smart friends, I love you and appreciate your patients with ME.  Ok that is all for now......I've been busy and haven't had time to write.