1. yourself LIKE MOST: im unpredictable...people will have  a blast knowing me cos its gonna be crazy  baby!!!  HATE MOST: i prioritize the wrong things and  it always lead me regretting and weeping... 2. food LIKE MOST: can u last all day? i love to eat  tho there are times when i just barf it out  after 3 good minutes and it has a lasting  taste... eeeewww.. HATE MOST: hmm... food wit too much aroma... i  feel that they take over everything.. its like  eating wit ur nose.. dat aint cute! 3. work/school LIKE MOST: cool i work in a school.. im a  teacher.. hmmm.. love the fact that i learn  every freaking second.. sarap!!!! HATE MOST: days wen der r no playdough or  enough cartolina.. pretty shallow eh! 4. hangout places LIKE MOST: hmm somwer solid relaxing where i  can pipol watch,laugh a lot, fart a lot and spit  exchange wit friends...  HATE MOST: places wit too much people wit their  fake faces and wanna be personalities.. 5. love life LIKE MOST: everything.. dang! the good times  and the bad! HATE MOST: its short life span 6. cartoon character LIKE MOST: rugrats.. angelica HATE MOST: garfield.. he is a cat.. just a cat! 7. TV show LIKE MOST: reality shows... theres just too  much drama... love it! HATE MOST: noon times show bringing out the  worst in Filipinos 8. movies LIKE MOST: yarn princess,a walk to remember, my  big fat greek wedding HATE MOST: no brainers wit lousy dialogues and  phew acting.  9. music LIKE MOST: music is generally stimulating to  me..it makes me wanna uhmm, wanna aaahh, wanna  oohh.. love music HATE MOST: ones wit yucky, cheesy lyrics!!!! ma  i CD lng... aaarggh  10. books LIKE MOST: bible and bridget jones' diary.. i  can read it without seeking the aid of the  thesaurus HATE MOST: very thick books but it wont even  leave any impression watsoever except bein  lousy!... waste of time 11. childhood LIKE MOST: that i was able to be a manikurista  wit my own kit... complete wit all the rainbow  colors and cuticle remover.. wuhoo!!! tnx mum  for letting me be... HATE MOST: that i was asked to sleep in the  afternoon wit my very very MAD and MOODY nanny tia luding 12. ice cream flavor LIKE MOST:always be mango.. always HATE MOST: hmm... nothing 13. society LIKE MOST: they are aggressive and feisty! HATE MOST: too much aggression and feistyness 14. color LIKE MOST: black and rainbow colors HATE MOST: hmmm glittery.. eeew 15. celebrity LIKE MOST: a lot and hugh grant! HATE MOST: they spend a lot of money over the  most non lousiest things 16. house chore LIKE MOST: washing the plates tho im allergic  to industrial soaps and detergents HATE MOST: uhmm... cleaning dusty places 17. animal LIKE MOST: they are cuddly and they got  pesonality... love to own a pug that will be  named lulubot.. God hear my prayer. HATE MOST: flying cockroaches 18. clothes LIKE MOST: right now its 80's fashion.. the  fact that i dont have to wear what everyone is  wearing.. that i can always sew and add a  personal touch to it.. that i can be different  and look stunning, that it makes me look  fabulous tho im flat broke...that it says a lot  bout who i am...  HATE MOST: wats in everybodys rack.. so  generic! 19. footwear LIKE MOST: my pointies!!!! and my flipflops.... HATE MOST: uhmm even if it causes major heel  cramps i says it stil one of my favorite  things... love em footsies! 20. internet LIKE MOST: HMMM myspace, getting huge infos,my blogspot,  getting in touch wit loved ones in very very  far places wit just a prepaid card...  HATE MOST: virus.. damn them virus! 21. place where you live in LIKE MOST: hmm pedicabs readily available  24/7... anytime u want baby! HATE MOST: hmm.. too many kids on the streets n  minsan gusto ko n sagasaan.. 22. people LIKE MOST: that they have opinions and the  balls to back them up!! confidence  HATE MOST: selfishness.. which is the root of  all evil.. 23. saying/motto LIKE MOST: give some to get some.. HATE MOST: aanhin ang damo kung wala ng kabayo 24. memory LIKE MOST:uhmm even if i wanna deny it.. twas  last year... october wit my hun(?)..the talk,  the 10 secs, the hugs, the holding hands, the  bibingka, the sweet kisses...it was indeed a  very sweet october... HATE MOST: april 3, 2004.. my vehicular  accident.. 25. things you believe(d) LIKE MOST: God is there HATE MOST: .. but i always forget to say Hi!