Have you ever had a car that felt like an extention of yourself? As though the minute you sat in it, you were sitting inside yourself? I had that feeling for a short time. And to be perfectly honest, I never knew that I could feel that way about a car. A machine, something to get me from one place to another. I miss that car. A 1994 Land Rover Discovery. Red. Jump Seats. Moon roof. Sun roof. Leather. I loved that car. If one can love a car, I loved that car. I had never even heard of Land Rover until Eric said I should look into one so we could off-road. The minute I drove it, that was that. I didn't mind driving anywhere. I liked to look out the window and see it there in the drive, waiting to go on an outting. Begging to be driven. After work, it was as if a loved one was waiting there for me. I love the way it handled. The feel of it on the road. I felt safe. (Go ahead and hit me, I probably won't even feel it). An amazing car.  Now, don't get me wrong, I loved that car. But I saw it for what it was, a piece of shit. That car was in and out of the shop so many times. It never left me stranded anywhere (thankfully), the think leaked oil (so much George Bush would be proud), it got, if I was lucky, 10 miles to the gallon. It would overheat, so I never got to use the air. The jump seat were only good in a pinch because there really isn't a lot of leg room back there. Nothing was cheap to fix, no one had parts, it had to be someones speciality to work on that car. Still, I think about that car.  It has been gone 9 months now, and sometimes, just sometimes, I forget I no longer have it. I knew I had to get rid of it. We were expecting another baby and needed more room and more reliablity. Now I am driving a VW Eurovan,and I have no complaints. That van is great, especially for a van. It fills all the needs that my family has, but it is not my Disco.  Eric and I know so much more now. If we were going to buy another we would be able to make a wiser choice. I dream of having another, maybe when Krystal and Bradley are older and no longer go anywhere with us. I have to thank the Rover Dr. in Irvine for always taking care of me and my Disco.  Little red Disco, where ever you are, I miss you. I think about you. I love the way I felt when I was driving you. Thank you for letting me know that someone can actually love a car. I wouldn't have thought it was possible before you. No one will ever be able to fill your leather seats like me!