This is from another email i wrote to my pastor, I made up the term Flanderization from Ned Flander's Homer Simpsons evangelical neighbor in the Simpsons.  ------------- hey steve   struggling with lately with what i think is like a christian law of a particular personality of christian.  be friendly, orient your life, for your health, your talents, ect.. for the goal of christian community and winsome soul catching in the world.  i don't deny my created need for others.    but i wonder when you look at epistles to struggling communities (which is going to major on community issues), and when the church speaks of personal growth in the broken modern reality, the community concept can be overstated.  we create an ideal of a particular friendly, people-engaging one that we all should conform too, and displace the individual as unique, with different strengths and weakness's.   Relationship.. covenant.. we aren't alone, and I am not saying we should ever be or were meant to be.  But i think it may manifest it in more than the Ned Flander's way.  value your family, value truth and be really skilled at being nice to others, it places a lot of value on the outward skill at relationships.. i dont know if what im saying connects?   I think its vague for me what i am bother'd by.  what captures it is like this.  I've heard something like before "christian community is the main place that we grow, and without it we hardly grow."  then I wonder about some examples in history and the bible and see strong individuals who seem to know how to meditiate.  or the women i have meet whose christian community was a couple times a decade when they escaped the're families for an afternoon to enjoy some fellowship and pray, who where strong in their faith, however fearing there death if they disobey'd there father's.  They needed the fellowship, they would of been better off.. but the orientation of there life and the possiblity of life as a follower of God would not inseperable with it.   my own experience is that what i've learned and the insights i've often received has been certianly from communing, in relationship of some kind.. with God in mediatition, with dead saints through sermons.. If i try to measure up with other's who can make friends quickly, I loose sight of my idenity.. I feel that the law prodding me more to dependence on God.. should be the law of dependence  on God, open'd up by Christ alone.. but i am troubled by the loud noise of being and living a certian way..  one the old scots, the prophets, the missionary pioneers, the blessed Sadhu in India would not fit into.   the train of captives of Christ is going to be very diverse, its natural to focus, and the church has, on one or another sort of personality to be valued, .. its been sometimes to develop character, some to develop people skills, some to develop a sense of the sacredness of God, and God's thing's.. ect.. ect..  take one of these things, we may cut off gritty, or quiet or eccentric people, who still reflect God's image, people who can work hard for God's glory and know His reward..   Godbless brother..  i haven't put my finger on these things, but i am uneasy about them.. i wanted to share it with you