Yes, stats fans, the rumours are true; the boy and I have been a  groovy love-thing for four whole years today. Rather shamefully, I forgot for the  second  year in a row. I am so so sorry. So while he has fabulous surprises up his sleeve for tonight and tomorrow, I can only offer this paean to our wildly romantic beginnings.  Note to the squeamish: I'll try not to be too simpering, but I can't promise anything. You might want to skip to the end.   How the boy and I met   or  Things to do in Dundee when you're not dead yet   The boy and I met through a mutual friend the day before Valentine's day in the year of Our Lord 2000. Actually, I needn't have mentioned the year there, since it's 2004 now and if you take away four years of non-marital bliss then the year would be painfully fucking obvious, non? Where was I? Oh yes.  So it was the day before Valentine's and I called Jim to find out if he wanted to go out for a spot of dinner as was our custom on Saturday nights. If you don't know Jim, his real name is Jamie and he is funny and Hobbit-like. He lives in London now and takes my mild obsession with his love life in good humour. Still single, to my knowledge. Come on girls! And guys! No, sorry Jim, that's not helping really. He's 100% straight and as rugged as can be. As a hobbit can be. No, I'll be quiet now.  Anyway, Jim was at The Rat and Parrot which, in the days before the DCA, was the height of sophistication due to the amazing curly fries and mini Twixs. Twixi. BUT! To my horror he had dragged someone else along! His 'friend' Chris. Why? Was I not everything Jim could want in a friend? And more? Was I being ousted by this upstart? Was it because I refused to watch scary films? Or actions films? Yeah, it was definitely about the films.  My irritation was compounded by the fact that I knew of the chap in question and had decided on sight that I didn't like him. He was outgoing and funny and confident and ballsy. He wore clogs to college and didn't give a shit. Instead of trying to hide his male pattern baldness he clipped his hair right to the scalp for all to see. And it looked great. Damn him! But I had to admit he was clever. You have to admire a clever man. In clogs.  That evening, Chris and Jim came back to my flat and watched telly and admired my new sofa. It was amazing  -  huge cushions, comfortable rolling armrests ... what? Yeah, so they wandered off in due course and I thought nothing more of it.  I had decided that the Christopher person wasn't so bad after all. He was actually quite amusing. And given to flattery. And old-fashioned manners.  He called that night and we chatted for a couple of hours. In fact, he called every night for a month. We quickly became a gang o' two, to the understandable chagrin of Jim. Sorry Jim. We shopped, we dined, we drank, we cooked, we sunbathed. We routinely stayed at each other's houses until 5am, chatting and listening to music and watching movies. People spoke, curtains twitched.  It was not until he went away to Milan at Easter that it became blindingly obvious. I was completely mad about him in every way.  On a Sunday evening after he got back, I met him in the deserted town centre when the sun was low in the sky. He gave me  The Penguin Book of Gay Short Stories  in reference to my devotion to  Queer as Folk . We had dinner at the Twin City Cafe, where he hated the chilli and I drank fizzy water instead of still. We held hands in the street afterward.  It was another couple of months before that fateful night in the cold when he gave me his jacket and walked me home. And never left.  Not a day goes by. x