I have written about one layer of me.  I honestly wasn't sure when, or what the next layer would be.  Until I started thinking about Sharon.   Sharon is my older sister.  Not the oldest, she is between me and the oldest, but she is my parents youngest biological child.  Got that?  She was 15 years old when our parents adopted me.  And from what I have been told, she was a handful from the day she was born.   With a very outspoken personality, she isn't afraid to speak her feelings, no matter what is going on at the time.   By the time she was in high school, she had totally rebelled against the things she had been taught by our parents, deciding she would rather experience life instead of avoiding it.  You name it, she has done it.  Tell her not to do something, she will do it.  Tell her something is impossible, she will find a way to do it.  Stubborn doesn't start to describe her.   All of MY life, I was constantly told "don't do to us what Sharon did"  "please learn form Sharon, you see how miserable she is, use her as an example"  "it will kill me if you turn out like her"  those phrases and more like them were daily conversations at my house.  When Sharon introduces me, she tells people "this is Angi, she's the daughter I should have been."  That hurts everytime I hear it.   Sharon has had a very rough life.  Most of it brought on herself.  At last count, she had been married 8 times.  Her first husband beat her anytime he had a bad day at work.  When I was 7, my mom and I flew to Kansas to visit her, and snooping little brat that I was, I found a knife, not a little pocket knife, this sucker was huge.  The blade alone was at least 8 inches long.  And it was sharp.  When tattle-tale me went running to mom and told her my treasure, Sharon broke down and told us Steve used the knife to get Sharon to do what he wanted her to do.  He had been starving her.  She was confined to the apartment, in a city where she didn't know a soul.  Soon after, she came home.  He followed, and moved into her apartment with her.  They had a child, CS, they split up.  Sharon moved in with Phil, he burned her with cigarettes, and did the same to her infant child.   She gave CS up for adoption, to a family member and many months later, she kidnapped CS and brought him to our parents.  She wanted them to raise her son.  So I got a little brother.   Her second husband was a trucker, they set out on the road together.  he was the love of her life.  But he was messed up as well.  Soon, he started beating her.  Once while she was pregnant, he held her down on the floor, and kicked her in the stomach until she miscarried.  Why?  He thought the baby wasn't his.  She still stayed with him.  She loved him.  They had a child, MJ, and things seemed to go well for a while.  Until they moved to SC, and the trouble started all over again.  At least once a week, my parents would get me out of school early, we would drive to whatever low rent appartment complex she was living in at the time, buy MJ diapers and formula, feed Sharon a meal, but by then, her stomach was shrunk to the point half a mcdonald's cheeseburger would fill her up.  But she stayed.  Eventually, my parents talked her into letting them have custody of MJ for a year so she could get her life straightened out.   He became my baby.  He slept with me, often on my chest.  I got up during the night to change his diapers and feed him his bottle.  When he was sick, I stayed up taking care of him.  I was 12 years old.  One of his first words was "mommie", that is what he called me.  Sharon divorced that husband and met another.  Married him,and wanted her baby back.  It killed me to lost my baby.  I hated her for it.   Of course, this man was just as bad as the first two.  The weekly beating started as soon as she got MJ.  They moved from place to place, but the cops always knew where they were.  Neighbors called all the time.  The fighting was loud.  and it was hard.  She suffered many broken bones, and bruises.   Then she started an affair with her boss.  The boss kicked his wife out, and moved Sharon in.   This one fed her, clothed her and kept a roof over her head.  But his abuse was in worse ways.  He rented her to his friends, got her messed up on drugs.  By this time MJ was 5 years old.  Their was an investigation of child abuse, and soon we had MJ permanently.  Now I had another little brother.   When she left this man, she went on to many more men.  One of which doused her in kerosene and set her on fire.  She threw a unicorn at him, the horn pierced his arm and broke it in two.  She had learned to fight back a long time ago.   All of these years, she was in and out of our house, stealing form our parents each time.  Dad would always make sure she had a car to drive, only for her to sell it to the first buyer so she could keep her drug habit going.  She stole mom's jewelry, pawning it to feed her habit.  She hooked, stole, conned, you name it she has done it.  Just like in the movies.   In the mean time, I was trying to have a normal life, as were our parents.  My younger brothers grew up knowing she was their birth mother.  It really messed with their heads.  Bad.  I grew up knowing I would never in a million years break my parents hearts like that.   See this layer, isn't really my layer, but it is so much a part of who I am.  I can't stand to hurt a soul.  I watched Sharon hurt every person who ever loved her, and deep in my mind, I vowed to never hurt the ones I love like that.   As a teen, everytime I would drink, i would hear the voice in my head saying "your jsut like her", when I started smoking, it was there echoing, bouncing off the walls of my skull, the first time I had sex, I knew I was doomed to be her twin.  I tried to be a rebel, but couldn't do it.  So she saved me from myself.   I have to thank her for saving me.  I was engaged once to the WRONG man.  Only at the time, I was ignoring the voice that was telling me he was wrong.  Until one night, I had just finished doing his laundry, and took it to his apartment.  I folded it,and was getting ready to put it up for him.  He grabbed a pair of jeans off the top of the stack, and started screaming at me.  "these aren't done, what are you and idiot, any imbecile can feel these and tell they aren't dry"  He threw the jeans down, grabbed me and threw me into the wall, reached for the thing nearest to him, which happened to be the phone, and wrapped the cord around my neck.  I kicked him in the balls, he fell to the floor.  I calmly told him to get his shit out of the apartment by the end of the weekend, and I left.  I never spoke to him again.  Sharon is why I was able to fight.  When he slammed me into the wall the voice was screaming "I told you, see, see, why don't you listen to me, he is BAD"  I listened to the voice.  I understood my sister for a millisecond.  Then once I left the apartment, I couldn't understand why she hadn't left.  Why she still lives with men that treat her like that.  I won't ever understand, because leaving was so easy for me.  I guess I had a good role model after all.