The Japan Closed Beta for Lineage II ended on January 26.  Now I am gnawing away my fingertips waiting for the Open Beta which will finally start on Feb. 11.  In order to help the time pass more quickly, I've been hanging out at  urlLink Universal Realms , posting in the forums, browsing their immense database on gameplay and game items, and so on.  However, it struck me today that despite six-plus years of active Usenet participation, I have not scanned a single Usenet post in close to two years.  Well, that seemed like a good excuse to skip over to  urlLink Google  and see what kind of buzz Usenet was generating on the single greatest game since Space Invaders.  I found four posts, all over a year old.  Whoa!  Has the world changed so much in such a short time?  Is the long predicted end of Usenet finally in sight?  Probably not.  There are hundreds of thousands of other very active topics, but Lineage II is not one of them.  Methinks the reason is actually quite simple.  The kind of people who love Lineage II are visually oriented.  We have little or no experience with  urlLink text-based MUDs , and even less interest.  Some folks do combine role-playing and fantasy writing with their Lineage II experience, but the game itself is so consuming that 99% of the participants would rather spend their online time playing than fantasizing.  The game is so compelling that dozens of Americans are downloading the Chinese client and playing in the Taiwan Open Beta even though they cannot understand a single word of the chat dialogues, NPC dialogues, quest dialogues, and so on.  They cannot read a single line of text, not even a weapon description, but they are in the gameworld, exploring the countryside, killing monsters, joining or starting clans, and everything else the game allows.  There is no other game in the world, online or otherwise, that can inspire that kind of fevered obssession.  When this game goes retail the concerns and outcry over online addictions will jump tenfold, but even they will not be able to stop the stampede.  Cyberspace is rapidly approaching the Sci-Fi fantasy/nightmare of an alternate reality so compelling that lives vanish, cities are abandoned, and civilization collapses.  There has not been a Pandora's box like this one since the Age of Exploration sent European visionaries scrambling to the four corners of the globe.  I don't know what our future will look like.  I'm pretty sure it won't be a Gibsonesque gothic landscape of cowboys and coporations, but I'm equally certain there are going to be some staggering parallels.  See you in  urlLink Aden , or maybe  urlLink Paragon City .  Then again, it will probably be  urlLink someplace neither one of us can predict .