Finally, reliable internet access.  I should be back for good now.  Big things are afoot in the world of impeccable jones. Between Barrack Obama and a sweaty John Kerry, between Nomar's sudden revelation as one of baseball's biggest bums, a new home in a new town, and a visit to Boston, Philly and New Jersey, there has been plenty to write about but no internet to write it on. Sorry about that.  Scott and I have been discussing this nomar thing in an analog format, though, and there are some important points to be made.  Count me among the supporters of this trade.  Scott seems to insist that I be upset about it,  but considering Nomar's actions, the players available and all other factors, I think the Sox did the best thing for the team.   Cabrera and Mientkiewicz are solid players who aren't going to fake injuries, make ridiculous salary demands, or infect the clubhouse with their sulking.  No, they won't hit as many home runs as Nomar will, but we have enough of those guys in this line up.  The vastly improved defense will save us runs, and I'm personally tired of rooting for a team that either socks eight home runs and wins, or doesn't and loses.   Historically speaking, the trade is a move in the right direction, toward building a solid team full of solid players and away from the team's tendency to focus on and cater to it's minority of superstars.  This is a move toward a team like the 2001 Diamondbacks, the 2002 Angels, the Yankees of the 1990s.  Because the superstar lineup only works if you're willing to pay for it, and the Red Sox never quite have been.   If I have any complaints, they're minor:  1)  For my own reasons, I wish they hadn't traded Nomar to Chicago.  This effectively settles the cubs/white sox question.  I can't, in good faith, root for Nomar's new pinstripes.  Then again, the White Sox are in direct competition with the Red Sox for the wild card, so I can't exactly root for them either.   I know it isn't a satisfaction conclusion to the ongoing quandary, but I think I hate both teams, at least for now.  2)  Why didn't Theo accept the Lowe for Clement portion of the deal?  I don't see how this would have been anything but a straight upgrade.  The best justification I can think of is that Lowe will improve with the defense and the apparent vote of confidence.  I'll be the first to call Theo a genius if Lowe pitches us to the World Series, and then promptly holds Nomar to three straight double play grounders.  The long and the short of it is that I still trust Theo enough that when he does something I don't agree with, I allow for the strong possibility that he knows something I don't.  I guess we'll see.