Hola! Well I am finally home. It feels good. I had a long day today. I went to the middle school. It was pretty easy because I was covering different classrooms every 1/2 hour while the teacher got their evaluations from the principal. It was interesting because I have subbed in that school many times and I always get the bad behavior classrooms and I am always strict with them and having to deal with discipline, but today all the classes I went into were great. They were actually quiet.  It was pretty weird because students always think I am white. They try to be polite and ask me where does my name come from when I introduce myself as Ms. Larios, they know the name is in spanish but they don't ask me "are you Mexican?" but they always ask me where does your name come from. Then I always take the opportunity to share my culture and with pride I say it is Mexican my parents are Mexican. They always seem relaxed hearing my answer. I guess they don't hear Latinas being proud of their culture.  Man if I would write about the students and the observations I have I can go on for hours....but I am not.All I can say is that students are growing up too fast and are dealing with different things that I would've never imagined. I'll keep them in prayer. I was in different classrooms  Math, English and Social Studies it was weird because throughout the day I was answering random questions based on their assignments and when I would explain to them they would look at me like "I can't believe you know" They thought I was some kind of genious or something. I helped some students work on solving equations and I had to explain what a constonant blend was and other things. It was fun.  When I was done with that I was working with another substitute we were both counting and checking tests and also counting some bulletins. I got lucky I ended up leaving 20 minutes early from work. I went to school today. That was a drag...literally. A lot of people had such big attitudes. We were also filling out supervisor evaluations and some students presented. Guess what I didn't have to present...YES!! She ended up collecting our work because we ran out of time.Next Wednesday all we have is a presentation and an assignment to turn in and we are done for this semester. Guess what I have another test to take. After class I went to buy the study books. They ended up being $30 bucks. Not too bad. The test cost $134  It tests all aspects of reading and writing and also reading and respoding to case studies. I hope that I can pass this test. This is my last test. (Well for now....things always change in the EDUCATION world....thanks politicians------>scarcasm..)My friend Lissette and I are going to study tgether. I really have to prepare because if I do not pass that means I have to pay again and ...its not that cheap.  God willing everything will work out. We have 5 weeks to prepare. The test is June 19th.  Guess what happened today when we got to my friends house I was looking for my keys so that I can get in my car and go home...but I ended up leaving my keys in my car...That sucked. I had to wait for AAA to come and opened it. I guess I was in a hurry to get out of my car and I left my car keys inside because they were in the ignition.  I hope all are doing well. Thanks for all those beautiful emails you guys send to me. It is cool to know you guys are reading and responding to what I am writing. God Bless you All.