Ok... I have a new idea for the blog.  After living in Madrid for 3 months, I've come up with quite a list of all that is good, bad, and ugly here.   Now, I remember a conversation I had awhile ago with my friend Shazde(h) who remarked how wonderful it was to hear me talking about all the good/warm/and fuzzy things I was observing about the places I was visiting. Thankfully not doing what most other do, by remarking on all the things that aren’t normal – therefore – bad.   But I’ve lived here long enough damnit, and now I can start griping.  So folks, this is how it’ll go:    "The Good"   will be about everything I've come to love about this city.  It's people, it's places, it's odd little quirks...     "The Bad"   will be about all the… ummmmmm… Bad... uh, that I see... The stuff that Paul no likey.   "The Ugly"   are the things that at one time or another might have been "The Bad" but have evolved exponentially into things/people that can only be summed up as "Those who need to die and start over again."    So, to start this off, I'll hit up a topic that fits into all 3 categories.      Street/Metro Buskers:     The Good:   These street musicians can be enchanting at times. I've stopped and marveled at the one armed classical guitar player in Plaza Mayor who picks at his guitar with his plastic hook.  I've grown to respect the keyboardist who you can find playing in the depths of the Moncloa Metro Station on a daily basis. And the frantic string thwaks of the cimbalom player in Puerta Del Sol leaves my jaw agape.  I even didn't mind the accordion player who graced all of the metro-travelers riding Line 3 with his remarkably soothing playing. Believe it or not, he had the courtesy to play at a reasonably quiet dynamic level. (I always thought that accordions had 2 volume levels, Bagpipish and Beethovenesque.)  Aaaand, on occasion, I even give them money! (I won't say that I always tip them, because that would be an outright lie.  I'm a trustworthy man, a man true to his word, and apparently a cheapskate.)    The Bad:   Ok, so that one accordion player on Line 3 actually impressed me, but the other 1,235,798 other squeeze-boxers are perhaps the most irritating thing in the world.  At first, it was actually kind of endearing.  You know, you're wandering through the side streets of Madrid, and every other block you hear the distinct whine of that demon-spawn instrument "seranading" a group of blonde, glossy-eyed tourists who are drinking their cafe latte in some outdoor cafe.  But after a few days of listening to the guy in the plaza down the street from you play the same damn tunes incessantly, and then hearing a different guy a few blocks away playing the same repertoire, you get tired of it fast.  I personally believe that they all get together on some weeknight, learn the same friggin' 3 songs, and head out to fascinate the moronic tourists, meanwhile giving the rest of us an aneurism.  And to the girl in the Sol Metro Station who stands there singing bad easy-listening songs acapella into her microphone: Stop... Please... For God’s Sake.  There’s a reason that no one is giving you money.  We don’t want to encourage you.    The Ugly:  Anyone, and I repeat, ANYONE who plays Celine Dion’s “My Heart Must Go On” must be shot… multiple times…in the head… or the groin... whatever’s easier to hit…   Oh, and yes, you guessed it.  I   always   tip  these  guys…