So, I've been in Amsterdam... I got to see hookers... they had the windows with the chairs and the red lights and the red lacy curtains... some of them had a little sticker on the door with their names... and a few of them took Visa. We tried to go to the tattoo museum, but we couldn't find it... shame... we did see the hash museum, though. And we went in Rembrant's house, Madame Tussaud's and a Torture museum. (urg... nasty...) we also saw the sex museum. You'd be amazed by the amount of orange in Holland. We inadvertantly (large word for being out of school...) went during the semi finals in soccer, so Holland was showing team spirit... damn shame they lost. Peeps at the campgrounds fired cap guns when they scored, and that was fun. I got souvenirs for Shanny, Breebles, & Meggers... Shanny's getting something long & dark... it comes with balls and should fit her perfectly... Breebles is getting a very large, extra horny thing with balls, and Meggers is getting something long, smooth, and shiny... It's thicker round one end, and also has balls... Let's just say they should be highly excited with their gifts... Oh, I went to the Bash today. It was fun. They had a g-force thingy. I saw: Buddha, Traci, Spike, Scott, Scott's little brother (for a little while, then he took off and Scott couldn't find him... lol), Nicole, Brittany, Mario, Jaylene, Doug, and a whole buncha other peeps... Buddha was wondering if Elizabeth P. had invited me over to her house, b/c they were gonna use that as a cover to invite peeps to Buddha's house to get drunk. I didn't get invited yet, so we'll see... I'm straight edge, though, so it's not like I'd be getting drunk, you know? And my grandma thinks Scott likes me. Meggers told him I had a fantasy about him (You know when you're trying to got to sleep, really wierd images pop into your brain? Well, I got one of Michael, Ian, Scott, and I.... yeah... I told her about it, and she told him) and he got grossed out, plus he has called me fat, but, he did say he wanted to screw my ass, and he said to my mom, and I quote "She really helped my with Geometry. She was   my inspiration   to pass." Plus, whenever he saw me, he made a beeline through the crowds, as my family so graciously pointed out. Meh.