I am a little ashamed to admit that I cried this evening during gongyo.  (Gongyo, trivia fans, is a Japanese word that literally means 'assiduous practice' but is used to refer to the prayers we Buddhist types do twice daily which includes reciting two sections of the Lotus Sutra (in Ancient Chinese but we learn the pronunciation from a tape or from each other) and then chanting lots of Nam Myoho Renge Kyo's.)  Anyway, I was upset because I'd been holding in lots of pent-up anger from earlier today I think and also because these horrible feelings of jealousy and frustration have been getting the better of me. I decided before sitting down at the computer tonight though that this weblog entry wasn't going to be moaney or whingey because I'm sick of hearing myself sound like that.  I'm equally sick of hearing myself being cruelly self-critical though so I'll try my best to be easy on myself.    Hmm, that limits my options a little bit doesn't it?  I had thought about trying to write something funny: no, no tap-dancing cats I'm afraid - something magaziney and daft in style, like 100 Reasons Why I Really Hate Lists or Confessions of a Born Again Buddhist.  Hey, that actually seems like quite a good title.  Amongst my thoughts today I remembered the guy I met when I volunteered at the centre called Lawrence who used to be a drug addict but had managed to get clean and get an MA in Social Work.  He now works helping to manage a treatment centre in Bournemouth I think: an impressive turnaround. I love stories like that: your greatest flaw becomes your greatest asset, that kind of thing. Anyway, I remember old Lawrence brought a bit of refreshing cynicism to the the world of Soka Gakkai, along with a new set of catchphrases, including the wise words, 'Never trust a smiling Buddhist...' and the wry observation, 'Buddhists.  They'll clap for anything.'   I do find it tricky sometimes to believe in what I'm doing and I'm not just talking about my chosen spiritual path either.  It's just another area of my life in which it's easy for me to pick holes and critize and say that I'm not up to scratch.  'Call yourself a Buddhist?  Chanted today have you?  When was the last time you went to a meeting? Enjoy that coronation chicken sandwich did you?'  Fucking 'ell.  I'm sick of that voice.  It's so boring.  Somewhere along the line in my life I managed to create this horrible bully that lives inside my head, picking holes in all my efforts to do anything that I happen to think is worthwhile.   Well it ain't gonna win.  I have to win.  I want to write things.  I want to play the guitar and sing.  I want to do a day job that I find furlfilling - and why shouldn't I?  I feel angry all of a sudden.  My head is empty and I don't know how to finish this off. I know, I'll tell you all about the little movie clips of myself that I've been playing in my head recently. In one of them I'm wielding a big red fire axe and using it to hack my way through a huge wooden door.  That, pop psychology fans, must represent me overcoming my own (imaginary) obstacles and surpassing my limited expectations of myself.  The other one I've been having for around six weeks now.  I'm wearing a posh lace dress with big sleeves standing barefoot on a wooden floor.  I open out my hands to reveal that I had tons and tons of black marbles hidden in my fists; I let them all clatter to the floor and there are streams of them and they make a really satisfying sound.  Not so sure what that means.  Letting go?  Too trite perhaps.  Anyway, I'm boring the pants of myself now, which is what I always do when I want to discourage myself from ever writing anything ever again so I'll leave you now and go home and do more 'magic rapping', as Cath's non-Buddhist boyfriend calls chanting...