So, for a few years, "Why Bother?" by Weezer has been my anthem.  How do I break the cycle?  I have given into it so often, I wonder if I can even give a person a chance?  In the last 3 years, I have not had a boyfriend.  I have been single for 3 years.  Holy crap, am I in a rut.  If you don't know the lyrics to my special anthem, I am sure you can guess.  Everyone always turns out to be shit, so masterbation seems like the best option, but with a melody that makes it more enjoyable.  I was just walking down the hall today, and I thought about Mr. Jake Candyman, and it occurred to me that he couldn't possibly be any good whatsoever.  He might be attractive, and know a fucking cool pair of shoes when he sees 'em, but he is probably stupid, or whiny, or clingy, or intimidated by a girl who fucking knows.  My friend M is a girl who knows.  She likes to analyze the quality of an orgasm when it's generated by fingers or vibrator.  She can read a horoscope, and make it fucking profound, instead of dumb and too general to mean anything at all.  She can talk to a guy for a minute, and know in an instant that they would be perfect together for so many bizarre yet prophetic reasons.  Although M is a bit more of a wild spirit than myself, I would like to think that I am molded in her image.  She is a bit older and a bit wiser, but she is my mentor, and I wouls like to think I have some of her spirit.  And I think it is amazing that she can just *know* about a guy, but I think most guys would think she is fucking nuts.  Most guys would think I am fucking nuts.  This is leading back to where I started with Mr. Jake Candyman.  I am imagining a meeting between me and Mr. JC.  How does it go? Starts out well, because there is chemistry, starting from the shoes up.  But I don't know how to play the game these days, it's been so long, so I am honest.  So mister, that was the coolest thing I have ever had anyone say to me.  If we were both cartoons, I would have blinked, and red hearts would have popped up in place of my pupils, and you would have instantly taken on a shiny quality.  I think it's honest and charming.  I might be eccentric, but I know that people are awful and judgmental, so I know he would think I was fucking crazy.  Back away slowly, and don't make any sudden movements.    Take it for what it is!  A sincerely expression of a moment in time that for me, was bliss.  It was a moment that I would like to keep all to myself, and yet share with everyone all at once.  It was sincerity itself, and I value sincerity above every quality I can think of.   A genuine comment about my shoes, followed by a genuine feeling of wow.  But it would be crazy to start off on this note.  It's all a game, and I don't know the rules, so I always lose.  Why bother?  And yes, I can say that I am eccentric.  My friend S says people who are eccentric don't know they are eccentric, but i disagree.  I know.  I know because I have these difficult-to-follow, winding thoughts that flow so easily, but are so convoluted.  And I also know that others cannot follow the connections that I find so logical in my brain.  I don't share alot of these thoughts, because people tend to blow me off when I share.  Sometimes, I am not trying to be funny, I am just being sincere. In my masters defense, one of my examiners commented that my writing was humorous and entertaining, and that I should never be afraid to express my personality in my writing despite the fact that scientific writing is supposed to be dry and cold, and devoid of personality.  Thanks, but I wasn't kidding in the least. This is why I know I am eccentric.