Well, it's been a crazy, busy weekend. Sarah arrived 2:30 yesterday afternoon, and we've been going non-stop since then. I took her around the 'hood and showed her where everything was, and we stopped at a little Italian place for an early dinner. Then, we went into the city to see The Stepford Wives. (Pretty cute.)   Today, we got up and went to church. We stayed for both the main service, and then went on to the 20/30 Connection group to hang with some people our own age. There's a girl there that's currently a teaching Fellow. She just finished her Master's degree through the program, and it was great to talk to her, since she knows exactly what it's like to be where I am right now. She was wonderfully supportive and encouraging about starting this journey. Being back at church again was a good feeling, too. I was reminded that that's somewhere I really need to be on a regular basis.   After church, Sarah and I took a quick trip back home to change clothes and headed back into the city. We spent a few hours at Central Park (pictures to come later) and then went to have dinner at Serendipity 3. (Yes, the Serendipity from the movie.) I'd tried to go there twice already, once with AmyKatPat, and once with my Aunt Liz and her husband, Kevin. Both times the wait times were at so ridiculous that we skipped it. I guess we were just lucky today. We were seated in less than 45 minutes. Anyway, it was so fun! The food was great, and there's a good reason they're famous for Frrrozen Hot Chocolate---it's amazing!   Hanging out with Sarah this weekend has really given me a new appreciation for the City, and I am anxious to begin exploring again. Also, she seems like she is going to be a great roommate, and someone that I think it will be easy to continue a friendship with even after she moves on to her own place.   We've ended up here, at an internet cafe near the apartment.  As for a Mom, I talked to her for over an hour last night, and it seems she was having a really good day (considering everything, of course). She was in good spirits and seemed cheerful. Bonnie is trying to arrange a for a hospice interview for the three of us for the weekend I'll be there. I'm waiting to find out exactly what time I'll be released on that Friday, so I can book a flight out. It'll be a quick weekend, but each day will bring me closer to August, when I can be home for a longer amount of time.   NYCTF starts tomorrow, with the welcome event, and official Master's classes starting Tuesday morning. There has been so much support for me doing this, for which I am so grateful. The people at AWED threw me the best farewell party, and gave me some generous and thoughtful gifts. I am looking forward to reporting back with my new experiences.