Righto all, this is the blogspot that I told y'all that I would establish so that you would not be bombarded with emails informing you  of our adventures across Europe this summer.  Rather now you can, at your leisure, log in, read, laugh, cry, ooh and ahh and then log out.  Seem fair?  I think so....   Gemma and I have got this far in our planning.  Days 1 - 5, Rome staying at the Pop Inn Hostel and taking in several sights inc. Vatican, Sistine Chapel, Colleseum, Trevi Fountain.  Days 6-9 move southwards to Pompeii and visit the ancient city and nip across to Capri for a day.  Then, make our way across country to Brindisi, hop on a ferry and spend days 10 - 20 in Corfu staying at the Pink Palace [think pink.... (Nikki and Carolyn should know what this means if they recall the rather smart matching T-Shirts)]  Then it's back to mainland for a few days staying the rustic Italian setting of....(can't remember the name, but Dad will tell me) and staying with an Italian family to enjoy a bit of true Italian life.  Hopefully then it's southward bound again to the Island of Sicily to climb Mount Etna, then a ferry back to Rome ready to fly back on the 21st August.   So far, we have  purchased our back packs, invested in lots of 'practical' clothing (matching think pink T-shirts were completely essential) and trailed through countless web sites and travel books in search of our accommodation.  With only 2 more sleeps to go, we have to sort out our travellers cheques today and do some washing and then .... pack.   My aunt Tanya has lent me an Italian phrase book which covers all the usual from 'Please can you direct me to the local chemist?' to 'How do you like your eggs in the morning' (only kidding...) But I am yet to find the phrase for 'My dog is stuck on a rowing boat in the middle of the Lake' and this perturbs me as i truly think that is an essential Italian phrase and could come in useful in many social situations.   I shall endeavor to add links to our accommodation, so, should the feeling overtake you, you can have a nose.  Furthermore, I shall try to maintain this site, with Gemma on a daily basis if possible so that you know we are safe, well and having a totally brilliant time.  Comments are welcome, if only to wish me a happy birthday (Sat. 14th August) or just to say Hi.    Enjoy...xxx