Here I am with the promised pictures from my recent trip to Mexico. Those of you who told me that Mexico City was very cultural and very dirty were right. The occasional putrid smells and little black puddles didn't bother me too much, but the culture was certainly a sight to behold.  On our first evening, we walked through the Zocalo, which is a large plaza in the Historical Center that contains the National Cathedral, the National Palace, and several other important buildings with spectacular architecture. We went into the Cathedral, where a girl was having her  quinceanera  as family and tourists watched. I took pictures, but since flash was prohibited, they didn't turn out. My mom commented that the family must have some big money, awesome connections, or both to get their little girl's quince to be held in such a hallowed church.   urlLink    View of the National Cathedral from our hotel in the Zocalo.  urlLink     The next day, we took a tour to Teotihuacan, where the pyramids are. This little excursion was great fun. Our tourguide, Oscar, started us off with mini-visits to the Three Cultures Plaza and the two Shrines of Guadalupe (the original and new ones). There was a big bronze statue of  Pope John Paul II , which I thought was amusing (statues of living people always amuse me for some reason). Then, we went on to Teotihuacan.   urlLink    The original Shrine of Guadalupe, whose front end is perceptibly sinking into the ground.  urlLink     At Teotihuacan, another guide demonstrated the indigenous crafts that were still being practiced. The maguey plant (agave), for instance, was used for sewing, weaving, writing parchment, and of course  pulque and mezcal , alcoholic spirits. We also saw some (probably grossly underpaid) workers carving with obsidian, lapis, jade, and tigereye. Then they took us to the gift shop and threatened us with ritual sacrifice unless we bought those same souvenirs, soaked in the blood and sweat of exploited indigenous workers. Ah, just kidding. Yeah, the gift shop was a little touristy, but I picked up the effing coolest silver necklace ever. Like a dork, I am pictured wearing it in the photos that follow.  Oscar told us that local legend says that anyone who climbs the Sun Pyramid will have good luck for seven years. Furthermore, anyone who climbs both the Sun and Moon Pyramids will have prosperity and good health for the entirety of  this incarnation ! Well, some deals are just too good to pass up, so I resolved to accomplish this feat.  Wow, those steps are  steep . I'm talking look-down-and-can't-even-see-the-steps-below-you steep. Some ascents were virtually sheer, and you had to climb while grasping at the steps ahead of you which were right in front of your nose. To compound the  heart-stopping thrills , I had worn flimsy flip-flops because I didn't want to mess up my new sneakers. On my way down the Sun Pyramid, I spotted the Haitian girl from our tour group, lying on one of the steps with a crowd of people around her and water being splashed on her face. Turns out she hadn't eaten breakfast that morning and passed out or something.   urlLink    At the top of the Sun Pyramid in Teotihuacan....  urlLink      urlLink    ...and (pant, pant) at the top of the Moon Pyramid.  urlLink     On the way down from the Moon Pyramid, I passed a young man who was climbing on his  crutches . I was so terrified for him that it was hard to watch him take each halting step. Some British folks from my group told me later that he made it all the way to the top. Wow. I hope he made it down all right, too. I wish I had taken a picture of him, because I was amazed at his bravery. Or foolishness.   urlLink    My mom made it halfway up!  urlLink     On Day Three, we decided to brave the Mexico City subway,  El Metro . Turns out that it was a piece of cake, aside from enduring some hearing loss because of the monotonously-droning peddlers that climb onto the train at each stop, intending to sell cheap bootlegs of Spiderman 2 or shoddy portable tool sets. We went to the Mercado de la Merced, one of the biggest open-air markets in the world. I bought some mole...about five times more than what I would ever use in this lifetime, but my Spanish skills leave something (everything) to be desired, and it was dirt cheap anyway.   Then we traveled to Coyoacan to visit the Frida Kahlo museum. This may have been the highlight for me, since I am a fan of Frida Kahlo's paintings. The museum is actually her house, with the rooms converted into exhibits. I got to view several of her famous paintings and even more of her less-famous work, the plaster corsets and  back braces  that she endured because of her accident, her written letters to Diego Rivera, photographs of the couple, and their various art collections. To top it off, there were cats in the courtyard! I love cats. In all, it was incredibly enthralling for me.  On our last day, we happened by a museum as we were walking to the subway station (if you throw a stone twenty feet in any direction in Mexico City, you're bound to hit a museum). This museum displayed an exhibit entitled, "Instruments of Torture and Capital Punishment." Intrigued, I walked in...wary, my mom followed. We viewed an extensive collection of the most  cruel, nightmarish, and chilling  devices I've ever had to think about. All the classics were there (the rack, the guillotine, the garrotte, the iron maiden), along with some truly grotesque gadgets like the rectal pear, the heretic's fork, and the jock's mare. If you're sickly fascinated, read about some of them at www.torturamuseum.com. It was definitely a memorable endnote for our vacation.  Yep, Mexico was great, and I'm glad I got to go while I'm still in the Western Hemisphere. My only problem was not knowing Spanish. I knew enough to ask questions, but that was pointless when I didn't know enough to understand the answers. Ah well, one more language to learn. I hope you guys will visit someday, if you haven't already!