OK, so I don't post the most intelligent things on here, but I'm using it as more of an outlet. Things that are bothering me....Maybe things that are interesting to me. That's what I'm posting here.   I was at the store yesterday and in front of me were a mother and her 2 children (I'd say one was about 5 months and the other was about 3 years). First of all, the three year old was on a leash. (It's NOT a dog!!!!!) It always bothers me to see kids on a leash. Maybe it's a good idea, I don't know. But personally, I think that if you can't take care of your kids and you can't make them mind you and stay nearby where you can always see them, what business do you have being a mother?!?!? Secondly, the dog-child wanted a candy-bar. Mom said no and the child whined. "But mommy, I need it." So what does the mother do? She turns around, get the candy-bar and pays for it. All because her child whined once. Sheesh!!!!! I pray to God that there are at least SOME decent mothers left in the world. If I ever would have run away from my mom in the store, she would have smacked my butt so hard that I didn't' know what hit me!   Let me address the issue of time-outs. Now. For some kids, time-outs work wonders. For me, for instance. I never ever wanted to disappoint mom and dad. When I was told, "God sit in that chair and think about what you have done for 10 minutes.", I did. I thought about it. I cried. I wept. I told my parents I was sorry. Sometimes, I did things that just required a spanking though. Haha.   Now, for some kids, time-outs just don't work. Let's take my husband for example. Nothing worked on him. I remember tell of a story from his childhood. He was sitting in the living room watching TV and his mom told him to turn the TV off, that he'd had enough TV for one day (yea for parents that don't sit their kids in front of the TV all day). He said he wouldn't turn it off. So My husband's mom, Debbie, comes in and says, "Chris, it's time to turn the TV off." And she reaches down and turns the TV off for him. She leaves the room, Chris turns it on again. Debbie comes back, turns it off and gives Chris a spanking. Debbie leaves, Chris turns on the TV again. This went on (with a spanking each time) over 30 times!!!! Chris was fighting back tears from the spankings and Debbie was fighting back tears for not knowing what to do about her non-compliant son. Nothing ever worked for Chris(God help me when I have children).   One more mother that I want to rant and rave about before I sign off here. My neighbor has 2 children. One is 7 and the other is 13. The 13 year old girl is constantly whining about her brother. And when I say whining, I mean whining. They live across the street and I can hear them from inside my house. Pathetic. The 7 year old is always talking down to his mother. I was standing in the yard talking to her one day and her son came up to her and started yelling at her for not ever taking him any where (the park, Boy's and Girl's Club, etc). She just says, "Shut up. I do take you places." At this point I said to the child, "Why don't you ask your mom nice? Maybe she'll take you places if you don't yell at her." I would have never corrected someone else's kid, but I know my neighbors very well, and they didn't mind.   Now, I know that there are wonderful parents out there still, but I leave you with this question.....What is wrong with parents today? Are they lazy? Do they have better things to do than raise kids? Do they give up too easy? What is the problem????   Signing off.   Current mood: Tired, but excited to start the day.   Current Music: Rachmaninoff