My mother thinks that my grandmother is an alcoholic.  She drinks four beers a night and I guess she is sneaky about it, throwing away old cans and putting new ones in their place when she thinks no one is looking and all that crazy stuff.  My grandparents have been living with my parents for this past week and it has seemed like there have been quite a few problems.  My grandpa is getting worse and worse with his alzheimers and my grandma, well, I already wrote about what her problem is.  I hear about all of it from my mother and I never know what to think.  I try to tell her that she has to start moving on getting my grandpa into a safe facility, but all she does is complain about the situation and never makes any moves toward fixing the problem.  This drives me crazy.  I know that they are her parents and that she doesn't want to have to do those types of things to them (separate them and all that), but she has to if she wants them to be safe.  Aside from hearing all about my grandparents I have been a lazy teacher.  I haven't worked much in my classroom or created much of a schedule or anything, but I have been reading.  That is what I love about the summer - time to read and enjoy relaxing in my apartment.  I guess I've had enough of that time since I returned from Europe, but I am going to start getting pretty possessive with the hours I have off.  Ah, Europe.  I think so often about how exciting it was to be there and how I met the most amazing people.  Of course, any memories of being lonely, exhausted, or frustrated have pretty much left my mind which I think is a good thing.  If I reread my travel journal I can see enough of the problems that I had although I don't think I recorded too much of it since I do tend to lean towards being an idealist.  I am curious if anyone has read any of the things that I write.  If you have, feel free to post a comment, even if it just says, "hey, I read your entry" or whatever.  I want to know if I'm sharing my thoughts with anyone besides myself.  Obviously, that is completely fine since I write quite a bit on my own at home as well and I think it is a theraputic thing to spew forth different thoughts and opinions and worries.  Funny how I will write about how I feel about issues to complete strangers, yet I don't share them with people I know.  I think that is fairly normal - maybe.  I never have been the kind of person who wants to lean towards normalcy; if this isn't normal I could care less.