Yesterday was Saturday, and a free day for me.  So what better time to go exploring my enviroment, ne?  I tried to go to the mountains to Shobu Kogen, but I either got lost or the road was closed, cause I didn`t get there.  So I went and checked out Hotaru Road, which is known for the hotaru (fireflies) that can be seen there on a good night.  There`s this awesome bridge and a whole park with two ponds and a gazebo and some places to sit down, and even an outhouse.  When I walked to the end of the road in the park, I came to another road, so I decided I`d walk down it and see what was there.   I decided this would be my photographic pilgrimage and I would see it through. Though, after about 20 minutes of sweat pouring down my face and stopping to pry the jeans off my legs and roll them up, I began to ponder how good of an idea this was.  I felt I should go a bit further though, so up up up I went and it began to cool off, and some clouds came over and I found some beautiful landscapes.  After about 45 minutes of walking, I decided, well that`s enough of that and it might rain, so I hot footed it back to the park.   I decided to do some more driving after that (my first day with my car), and first stopped by a little graveyard I spotted on a hillside.  Then it was off to find another adventure, and somehow or another I ended up in Yasazuka town, where there is this big ski resort.  Then into the next town of Sugawa.  Unfortunately, I don`t have a good map of the area, but I did have alot of gas and some free time.  Luckily I got back home after making only a few wrong turns (this is not a new thing just in Japan, I did this back home too).  I had a bit of a headache after all the walking and getting lost, so I made some onigiri and took a nap.  Then, at 6:30 or so, Yoshida-sensei was calling for me to come out and ride over to the night walk starting line.  Disoriented and sleepy, I grabbed my onigiri, a hand towel and some tennis shoes and ran out the door.  This night walk is one of the many events in Oshima-mura and I thought it was a great idea to get to hang out with some people and see the area, and get some exercise.  Except this walk was about 15km!  And I was already tired!  I managed to stick it out through all 3 legs of the walk and make it sore and worn out to the cookout afterwards where I felt much better after gobbling down meat and veggies and beer.  In summer, apparently, there are many parties and cookouts and events to drink beer.  Good thing I like beer.  So today I don`t feel much like moving anywhere.  I did finally come down to the office to post this blog just cause I was tired of being in my apato.  A hot bath and another nap helped a bit, but I still feel worn out.  I`ll be sleeping good tonite.  A special shout out to Phil, who is 22 today, Happy Birthday.