i'm not having very good luck with people lately.  situation 1: we're each required to do a presentation for lie groups between now and the end of the semester.  not knowing what the prof plans to cover in the next two weeks, i've been unsure what's fair game.  my email to the prof: Dr. Woodward: I was wondering if you could suggest some appropriate presentation topics.  I'm finding it difficult to choose a topic on my own without knowing what you envision to happen in the next two weeks.  Thanks much! Lara  his response: please do!  reaction: please do what?  pick a topic out of the blue even if it has nothing to do with the sections of the text he wants to cover?  um, riiiight.  situation 2: yesterday we didn't know when any of our finals were.  although rutgers has a schedule of when finals are for classes in general, usually grad classes vote and do theirs whenever they want.  two weeks ago, me, eric, sam, scott, and jared were sitting around at jared's and discussing how we'd all love if our analysis final was on the last day of class rather than during finals week... at the very least we all wanted it as early as possible.  so yesterday jared brought up the subject of finals.  (note: finals week technically goes may 6- may 12)  dr. goodman suggested we have the exam on the 13th or 14th.  leigh quickly reminded him that finals period ends the 12th, so then he suggested the 12th...... in light of the previous discussion with other students and in light of the fact that i'd *like* to get out of town for valpo graduation as early as possible on the 12th, i commented.  me: i might have something going on then.  What about earlier?  goodman's response: you have an OBLIGATION to be here on the 12th.  that's invalid.  does the 10th work for people though?  result: i got barked at in front of the class.   note: what i did happens in every class every semester -- one girl said she didn't like the tentative date for algebra final just now because she "had somewhere to be" on the 7th... everyone i've talked to about it (except 1... see situation 3) said i was making a request, and was fine.... i felt bad though, especially after this morning.  situation 3: i had asked everyone last night who was studying in the graduate lounge, plus a few other people on IM when they'd like algebra final so we could email the prof and get him thinking about when to schedule it.  every single person i talked to said earlier is better and getting it 3 or 4 days before the analysis exam would be good.  i didn't talk to everyone in the class, but definitely a majority before i emailed dr. vasconcelas saying "can we please set a date for our final.  analysis is on monday the 10th, so a few days before that would be good." (loose paraphrase)  ian came into class this morning telling me how i was inappropriate in analysis yesterday and that he really wanted algebra on the 12th just to spite me because i'm imposing my ideas on everyone.  now i'm kinda frustrated... when i spoke up yesterday i didn't say "the exam HAS to be before the 12th", i made a request and did so after realizing a lot of the rest of the class wanted an earlier exam too.... i asked most of the class before i wrote the algebra prof too.  i wasn't trying to be out of line or bullheaded and now i feel crappy about it.  go me.  graph theory time.  later.