School got much better Thursday. We had Friday off because many Fellows were signed up to take their exams first thing Saturday morning.  I went to the head of the college section of the Fellows program, and she gave me a little sticker that gave me permission to use the library if I should need to before our regular ID cards get distributed. She also pulled my Educational Psych prof aside and explained the whole ID/stipend/computer situation to him. He has now agreed to have a copy of our text put on reserve in the library and will be bringing copies of the handouts to us who don't have the ability to print out items without paying (like an internet cafe).  Sarah and I spent much of today walking 5th Avenue. She is looking for a part time job while she is waiting to be placed as a temp. We went all over, which was pretty fun.  Tomorrow, we are planning to go to church, then to pick up tickets to Shakespeare in the Park, where they are performing Much Ado About Nothing. Yay!  I also booked a ticket to come home next weekend. It was not the schedule I wanted, as I will be flying back out to NY early Monday morning, rather than late in the evening. However, such is expected with airlines in general, and I am hoping to do as much as possible in terms of dealing with what is happening to Mom while I am home.I wish that I would be able to have time to see all ya'll, but that doesn't look like a possibility. I do look forward to August, when I will be able to stay nearly a month, and hope that I'll be able to make plans with you then!  Mom seems to be doing all right, all things considered, and I am anxious to get home to spend time with her and try to prepare for what awaits us as a family.  Everyone has been wonderfully supportive, and I am very appreciative of that. I know that I have a huge challenge ahead, and I would like to ask a bigger favor of all of you. I have a tendency to "crash and burn" when I get depressed, and once my mom has gone, I am really afraid that I might do that. To try to avert that situation, my wish is that in the year after my mom passes away, that one person will come visit with me each month to help me keep from falling apart. I realize that this is a lot to ask, but if you're willing, please send me an email, so I can have that list handy when the time warrants.  Besides that, the kitties are great, and love Auntie Sarah, who will be kitty-sitting while I'm away next weekend.   Much love to all!