Since  I'm a teacher, I obviously have chosen a career that focuses primarily on working with young children on a daily basis.  Whenever I go to the movie theater, the happy thoughts that I have when it comes to kids are usually replaced with homicidal rage.    When I am at the movie theater, for roughly 90 minutes to a maximum of 240 minutes, I love what's on the movie screen more than anything else in the existence of the universe.  Previews?  I'd give up my fiance for them.  The movie itself?  Take my future children.  Whenever I am "graced" (and I use the term loosely) by the presence of any number of 18-month to 15 year-olds, I seriously want to rip out every one of my fingernails and bludgeon my own toes with a sledgehammer.  I purposfully avoid seeing movies any earlier than 10pm in my town, but the catch-22 is that my fiance falls asleep at 9:30 every night, which practically nullifies any sort of movie theater excursions.  The problem with any G or PG rated movie is that the little kids always have to go to the bathroom, and it's never just once.  The small families that go with mom or dad all have to go the bathroom at once because the parent thinks that coordinating bathroom trips will actually cut down on the need to go potty.  This is a parenting urban legend that is based on lies and continually spread by single people in order to make the lives of parents more miserable.  Kids will pee whenever they need to go, and they consistantly strive to go at different times from their siblings in order to gain the full attention of mom or dad.  The problem with any other type of movie is that teenagers simply go to these kinds of movies to socialize.  Gone are the sleepovers or rollerskating rinks that were popular community staples of the 70's and 80's.  Kids don't have anyplace to hang out anymore, and I can't say that I blame parents for wanting to get these kids out of their hair for the evening.  Dropping off 30 of them to ruin my evening of watching "50 First Dates" is not the solution to their problem.  Every time I see a group of teenagers at the movies, I cringe.  I literally feel myself wither up and die on the inside of my body, wanting to forget all of my previous encounters with this age group in a theater setting.  All of the loud conversations, stupid jokes, and their constant getting up to leave the movie, only to come back five minutes later makes me wish that I had a tranquilizer gun to shoot at every kid that pisses me off during a film.  People may criticize me for being too harsh on parents, or for forgetting that I too was once a teenager.  To the parents, all I can offer is that promise that I always avoid going to see a kid film during kid hours.  When my fiance told me that we were going to see Shrek 2 yesterday (Sunday) at 3:30pm, I wanted to shoot her face off with a missile laucher for not consulting me about the time.  The kids were very well behaved considering the film was sold out and there were no empty seats.  To the teenagers, I offer no sympathy for my ill-feelings towards them.  As I was once a teenager, movies served but one purpose for me back in the day: making out.  Go to the movies with someone you like, sit behind me, and kiss each other the whole time.  I won't tell anybody, I swear.  I'm not being creepy either, as I would gladly prefer the quiet subtleties of passionate kissing to the loud raunchiness of being a complete moron with no social skills.   Author's Note:  Actually, now that I think about it, making out is the absolute LAST thing that I want to see two teenagers doing at a movie theater.  There is only one thing in life that is more disgusting than watching a man having his flesh ripped from his bones by a pack of wolves, and that's watching two awkward teenagers pretending that they know how to make out in public.  Stick with silence during the movies kids.