My local newspaper is a joke.  The North Koreans or bin Laden's crew or whoever could have just leveled half of D.C. with a "dirty" ICBM, but the top story in the   urlLink Cumberland Times-News   the next morning would be the city garbage man that just retired after fifty years of faithful trash slingin' ("Capitol Cremated" see page 7A).   From the Monday, July 26, 2004 edition, front page...    Top Story :   Woman finds new life after stroke   Article talks about an elderly lady who has devoted her life to quilt-making and chairs a variety of area craft shows.  Quote from the stroked: "I'm a recovering stroke patient; I had a massive stroke in 1986."  There's a nice picture (above the fold, four columns wide) of the lady mid-quilt.  Article is continued on page 9A.   Hooray for the survivors!  I'm sure glad she's happy and busy, and well, alive, but do I really care to read about her renewed exploits... 18 years after the fact?  Oh, and on page 9A, five column inches above the remaining few thousands words of a quilter's odyssey : Flood waters threaten capital in Bangladesh.        Top story (below the fold):    GRASS ATTACK: Lawnmowing ongoing summer process   Article opens with a quote from F. Scott Fitzgerald about nothing being more soothing than the  quiet whir of a mower on a summer afternoon, then the lead provides an encyclopedic discourse on the mechanics and operation of a reel lawnmower.  "Reel mowers are still available.  Lowe's Home Improvement Center has two models, 16-inch and 18-inch, that run less than $100."  The narrative progresses to gas-powered mowers and interviews with local owner-operators.  One lady gushes over her mower: "I use it because it cuts better and it will cut anything.  I've mowed rocks, roots, tree stumps and snakes."  Article continues: "She said that she's done in at least two snakes with the mower."  The article ends with a dissertation on today's "high-tech" mowers and how they "put the homeowner on a seat above the yard and they ride as the mower cuts the grass and bags it or mulches it, depending on your preference."   I don't think there's anything to say about that, now, is there?  The snake mower better watch out, though.  Last week's big area news was about PETA accusing the local poultry plant of chicken abuse.    I really hope we never actually have a slow news day around here...