It is cold outside, but man is it warm up in this PC room.  Ok I've got a little more energy now so I'll pick up where I left off.  Anyway Fenton and I hopped a cab downtown to meet Oh-Ni (the girl I met last week in GR) and her friend.  Well they got caught in traffic and we had a little wait in front of Burger King.  But luckily for us there was also a Korean who spoke great English who was more than willing to converse with us.  They finally made it and we met up and all.  I have to admit, at first it looked like this could be a disaster.  They were hungry so we grabbed some food.  I think this was the definition of awkward.  They weren't speaking much English and I was doing my best to speak Korean.  Good thing that came and went quickly.  At this point I expected Fenton to ditch me at any point but he hung like a trooper.  We went to Bubble Bar first.  Little did I know at the time it would be the last place we went as well.  Things were cool.  We got some drinks and danced.  The ice was definitely thinning and then it finally broke and everyone was in fully swing having a good time.  Time melted away in there.  I danced with Oh-Ni and Fenton with the friend, whose name I can't remember and I'm too embarrassed to ask again.  At this point I hadn't seen anyone else who was in the friend group.  Becky wondered in from The Commune and said she'd be back b/c she needed to grab some food.  But that was the last we saw of her.  At some point though everyone came to BB.  Literally I felt like I knew everyone there.  Caleb must have really been as drunk as he describes b/c it seems he doesn't remember meeting either me or my date at BB.  Asma "kissed" me there, funny though, I mistook it for a slap in the face.  Oh-Ni got one too and I had to apologize on Asma's behalf.  But she seemed really cool.  Fenton split out rather rapidly after others started arriving.  The friend asked about him but I said he had to go.  I was pretty sober from all the dancing.  There was a lot of dancing.  Then at some point we went in the corner and made out.  I owe the Gumminator (aka Gumi James) a drink.  Some black guy was dancing with the friend and she just couldn't shake him, so Oh-Ni told me to grab one of my friends and she then yanked the friend away.  Being the man of action Gumi James is he came to my aid.  Unfortunately I think the friend was embarrassed and it seemed a little bit awkward between the two but he gets props for helping out.  I'll tell you what is super cool is that Oh-Ni has a car and she gave me a lift home.  That is a little bit badass.  Even cooler is the fact that she is an art major, or something like that and has her own postcards with he work on it.  I just sent several off today in fact.  She dropped me off about 7 or so.  It was a good night. Onto Sunday.  Sunday started early for me, about 11 am, maybe a little after.  I got up and got moving to get ready for a wedding.  Two coaches at the gym I used to go to in Sangin were getting married at the Hotel GS Plaza, which is just around the corner from me.  I got dressed up and headed out there.  I'll tell you what a Korean wedding is a sight to see.  I don't even know where to start.  We will just say it was very "Korean".  There were bubbles, party popper things, sabers and people with all kinds of crazy clothes on, including the groom.  I don't know what Park coach was wearing, it looked like a tux but it was so over the top and shiny I wasn't sure.  I dressed pretty much like a square guessing things would be kinda the same.  I had a white shirt, black pants and tie.  Everyone else was decked out like movie stars and such.  It was pretty crazy.  One guy was in jeans and sweat shirt.  Korean weddings are so casual they are crazy.  Half of the room had seats, the front half, and the rest was standing room only.  But those seated are family and close friends.  Everyone else hangs out in the back and chats it up.  The bride kinda strolls down the isle meets the groom and the preacher talks forever but nobody else pays attention but them.  Everyone else is too busy socializing in the back.  I was also struck by how many people turned out for the wedding.  There seriously must have been around 200 people.  I'm sorry I didn't take you Asma, I know you wanted to go but I was afraid to wake you up and all that early on a Sunday.  So they kiss walk down the isle then there is a bunch of group picture taking.  I was actually in one of the pictures.  I don't know exactly how the pictures were organized but I was told to get in one and that I did.  Then the bride and groom head off to do some traditional Korean stuff and everyone else hits the buffet lunch downstairs complete with all you can drink so-ju and beer.  If only I hadn't been out so late last night.  It was a good time.  I sat with some of the other coaches from the gym and we had a little to drink.   Afterwards I headed downtown to chillout.  I found myself in Seattle's Best as usual.  Becky showed up and kept me company until I had to roll to Sangin.  Once finished there I met up with Oh-Ni and her friend and the black guy, whose name I also don't know, she was dancing with the night before.  I was surprised to see him again.  This dude I think was over 30, only a guess.  Well we decided to hit a movie and that movie was The Matrix 3.  Here is where it gets crazy.  The movie was still out of frame.  I don't think anyone ever did anything to fix it.  Here is where it gets crazier, I really didn't care.  Now here is the craziest part, I really liked it the second time around.  It is still subpar to say the least but I enjoyed it much more.  Maybe it was because I knew I wouldn't be disappointed or anything.  I also picked up on a lot of stuff I didn't the first time around.  All in all it was a good choice.  At this point things seemed to be going well between us. Onto Monday, I don't think anything really happened interesting on Monday.  Just work as usual and stuff.   Tuesday I met Oh-Ni for lunch.  I was a little worried b/c I thought the language barrier was going to be a problem but actually it wasn't a big deal.  We ate at Outback and then hit up Seattle's best.  Things went well.  She speaks and understand much more English than I was lead to believe at first.  We'll see where it goes though.  I think I'll see her again on Saturday.   I think that pretty much brings me up to date.  I want to just ramble on about random things but nothing is coming to mind.  Well one thing, I can't believe Gabe has a site now.  That is wild.  I'll add a link later when I get motivated.  Becky has also made her's public again which is a pleasant surprise.  Ok enough for now.