On the long drive home from Lake Cumberland today, Gabriel was hooked up to a tape player with headphones, and I had a number of uninterrupted hours to think about what to blog next.  As I said in the beginning, this is all about the stuff I'm too embarassed to say even to my therapist, so get ready for some therapeutic spewing:  What keeps me angry at Michael is that he caused the loss of 17 years of my life.  Years during which I might have otherwise been growing up mentally healthy, having great sex (instead of just tolerating it), and generally becoming a much more integrated person than I am now.  It's not that I can't integrate at age 40, it's that I lost all those wonderful years -- wasted them on HIM.  I remember being thin and beautiful, remember men looking at me, remember feeling really attractive.  What the hell was I doing with Michael?  I should have left him two weeks after the wedding, when he went on a business trip without me.  He could have taken me, other spouses went, but he went alone.  I remember what I bought on that shopping therapy trip -- it was damned expensive.  It's no wonder my self-esteem is in the crapper.  For 17 years, he responded to my needs in one of two dysfunctional ways:  he capitulated to keep the peace, letting me know that I was "sick," and that he was merely humoring me.  Or, he would ignore the needs I expressed (usually at the top of a shrieking voice); he figured that, once the depression was cured (better living through chemistry being the preferred mode), I would see how irrational my "needs" were, and they would simply go away.  Fuck him.  Now, I'm in charge of my own needs.  And if I choose not to meet them, that's my choice.  But no one's telling me I'm sick, or saying that my needs aren't valid.  It'll take a while before I can embrace each and every need, and sort them out into what's best for me and what's just momentary desire speaking.  Like right now.  I really need some dinner.  This is a functional need, appropriate and rational.  So I'm going to eat.  Without Michael.