last night was "Horror Night", and while we thought we were just  going to be watching a movie and answering questions about it, it turned out that we had to be in teams (chosen by them, so i only knew ONE person in my group and i didnt really get to know the rest... i talked to a few of them a bit, but most of them were of the rude, annoying type). so we had to do activities in the residences (of course, you had to go back and forth between the residences each time) and every time you won a challenge, you were given a letter to help fill in the secret message, which everyone needed to get by the end of the night or we'd all die LOL. anyway, our first task was singing a song, but it had to be done by figuring out the notes painted on a piece of paper (i dont know a thing about music, so i was glad that someone else did). then there was a competition between two teams (just one person per team) to see who could find an apple in water first, and then the person had to find "toes" in a bowl of flour. our team won that too. next, we were in the gym which was dark (everything was dark... just lit by candles) and there was a BOWL OF FOOD but you couldnt really see what it was. one person had to eat a sandwich containing the food, and since my team was a bunch of wussy babies, MYKL had to do it!!! (i wanted to be a wussy baby!!!). so i did it, and it was HORRIBLE, and i almost barfed it up, but i didnt and we got another letter for our code. for the rest of the night i was sick, and i could constantly feel it in my stomach. the other competitions werent really worthy of noting. something that IS though is the fact that the animateurs were AMAZING in their roles (they were all dead.. and they stayed in their roles the entire night, it was VERY well done). in the end, everybody got the code figured out, and we all lived (with like 2 minutes left)! everyone was whining and complaining that it took until almost 11 and they wanted to go to bed, but those people suck. no one knows how to have some FUN and not worry about getting sleep (since we dont get much any other night anyway! LOL)       so, today was our oral presentation in class, and it went AMAZINGLY WELL! literally 5 minutes before we did it, our group decided that we would just disregard anything we had planned and ad lib the WHOLE THING. never practiced, never discussed, and it was great! we just turned it into a conversation about how fun it is here (although Anastasia took the role of how she misses her parents). Simone was AWESOME at quickly making up funny things, and she even got a few secret jabs at Anastasia in the process HAHAHA! i dont know how on earth it happened, but we ended it was a group hug LOL... oh, and during it, i was like "oh i want to take a picture of something" and i walked over to Feona and took a picture of her. she was schocked that it was a real picture.. i cant wait to see how it turned out LOL       This afternoon we were supposed to go rollerblading (at some place actually for that sort of thing) but its raining, so the six people that signed up (me, Jodie, Christy, Rubeen, short Matt, and some other girl) had to decide if we wanted to go today or next friday, so we chose next friday. so now instead, we're going to go to a mall so i can get some pictures developped and Jodie can get a schoolbag and Chris can get his "Almost Mullet" cut LOL. but before we get to the mall, we're getting off the bus and walked the few blocks to the Tim Hortons we saw the other day. we CANT WAIT to get our hands on some Timmy Ho's!!       tomorrow is our trip to La Ronde! it will be so much fun! Jodie and i are going for sure, but since theyre only taking enough buses for 140 people out of 265, Chris and Sarah dont get to go :(.... they are actually talking to Fabien (the guy in charge) right now to see if they can still go, since we are only taking yellow school buses, so you can sit three people in a seat if you want to, and we have all agreed that we will LOL. Sunday is our trip to some Basilica and Montmorency Falls which should be cool (the falls part). there is also our SUm 41 concert that night (although there is a rumour going aroudn that it has been cancelled, although no reason why has been given. plus the rumour was "heard from an animateur who heard from another animateur" so i think that means that they just want everyone to think its cancelled so they wont be crying that they cant see Sum 41 AND be back before curfew, even though we WILL be because we are just going to take a taxi back)       oh, i forgot... they are always getting us to sing (teach us french songs) in our class and our workshops, and today we sang this REALLY addictive song from Star Academie which is like Canadian Idol for just Quebec. it is SO GOOD lol       anyway, that was certainly enough for today, although you needed lots of me today, because you dont get any more of me until MONDAY! (i know, its tragic).... have a good weekend everybody! au revoir!