Hey everyone,       I haven't been reading bloggs lately so I decided that I should today.  My a lot has happened.  I'm really sorry Donna.  I hate getting into accidents (ok so I've been in like five, only one was my fault), the worst part of accidents for me is the fact that I actually start shaking because I get soo freaked out.  I too am glad everyone was ok and that your car was fine, the next most annoying part of accidents is having to deal with your insurance company and fixing your car, so I'm glad you avoided that.  Caitlin- I'm glad you enjoyed your vacation, sounds like the concert was fun even though yoyu couldn't see the stage.  Krissy- I'm confused about having to rescue your dog.  Can't all dogs swim, hence the doggie paddle.  I understand the not being able to get out of the pool part, just sorta confused.  Caddy- Christams in July was fun.  A good time was had by all.  It was good to be able to talk to people that I alomst never see like Brian Larro.  Anyway, thanks for having us all over.   Ok so the real point of my blog was the adventure I had in Cambridge last night.  Timmah, Tommy O, Allen, Mike and I went into to Cambridge to see Open Water.  Not such a great movie.  It was very predictable I mean a woman and her husband are trapped in the middle of the ocean what do you think is going to happen to them.  Well it happened to them for like an hour and a half.  Not very thrilling and a crappy ending.  But the adventure of the night was getting into and out of Cambridge.  Timmay has a fabulous new Honda Civic.  It's a pretty blue and can actually fit five people unlike my car or Mike's which claim to fit five people but one of them must be a  baby midget.  So Allen,  Tommy O and I sat in the back with Tommy O riding bitch.  Allen made his ridiculous comments as always, but because I haven't seen him all summer they were actually funny.  Well, Timmah does not like to drive in the city and has issues with it in general.  Allen was giving Timmah directions and told Timmah to take the wrong left, now most people would just try to drive around the block, but there wasn't a block and this pissed Timmah off because we were obviously lost.  One wrong turn.. not a big deal.  This erupts into all of the males in the car shouting directions at Timmah.  Timmah gets more stressed out.  After driving for a while we end up by Harvard ... not where we wanted to be, infact far away from where we wanted to be. So we turn around, but this stresses Timmah out more and now Tommy O is convinced he knows the best way to get there even though Mike has taken over giving directions.  When Mike does not give the same directions as Tommy O, Tommy O gets very annoyed and can't understand why we're sitting in traffic (which consisted of having to stop at lights, not a real traffic problem) because if we went his way we would be there by now.  Quite Entertaining watching Timmah and Tommy O stress each other out.      After the car ride we go to the movie theater, buy tickets then go out to dinner.  Dinner was only slightly entertaining because Allen wrote on the check that our waitress was hot.  Well, Tommy O agreed she was hot, but he was upset because "YOU CAN'T WRITE THAT!"  And fought with Al for the check trying (unsuccessfully) to somehow remove what Al had written.  It was mildly entertaining.  Then we went to the movie, which was quite boring and predicatable.       The ride home... Where all the fun was.   Again, Tommy O rides bitch in the back with Allen and I.  Well Tommy O couldn't get his seat belt to buckle and proceeds to announce to me "I can't get it in"  Classic Tommy O statement. So funny, because I have to point out to him what's wrong with that statement, maybe it's a good thing he's gonna be a priest.  The directions issue and Timmah's stress about driving in a city arrises again.  Timmah break all kinds of laws by driving across a street just to drive through the parking lot of a gas station so he can make an easy left turn onto a street which is one way in the other direction.  Luckily Timmah realizes that it's a one way street first.  Then Tommy O proceeded to tell us of a story where he left Boston with Donna and Denine and drove the wrong way down the same one way street.. didn't that happend in Hyannis?  Hmmm.. maybe Tommy O shouldn't drive in places with one-way streets.  The rest of the ride home was mildly entertaining, Allen continued with his comments, but nothing beats Tommy O's statement.  Anyway just thought you'd all like to hear about it. I know my story went on and on, but it was a fun night.  Hope everyone enjoys the rest of the weekend.