My housemate and I have this addiction - Law and Order. It is inexpensive and always available so, as far as addictions go, this is a good one to have. While feeding our lust for television drama we came across episode number 17 of the first season of Law and Order: SVU. Dead girl, strangled after having sex, in a hotel while fundraising for a small conservative college, pregnant but husband didn't know...then Dr. Stephens showed up. We started jumping up and down clapping our hands with excitement as though somehow our lives were finally justified because our alma mater was being used as a plot basis for a television show. By the way, IV did it. We commented that the real story had many more interesting twists than did the episode. It wasn't half as disturbing. Which leads me to another episode of the same show. This one was also set in a small, this time Catholic, university...same idea - dead girl, sex, etc. In this case there was no murder, it was an accident. Why is that good drama? The French prof that had been stalking her, watched her fall, die and proceeded to commit necrophilia. Of course, this is revolting and Amber and I asked each other "I wonder who is shouting 'that's my school, that's my school' now?" I do not speak for Amber, but it was almost a boast to no one in particular. "Haha, our school made a cool episode - murder, adultery, carrying father-in-law's child - yours was just gross."   What does this say about our culture? I'm not condoning necrophilia, but it is classified as a Class 'A' misdemeanor; murder is a little bit more than that. Our justice system recognizes that it is a more serious crime to take a life than it is to have sex with a dead body. Why then do we welcome shows and news stories of murder as entertaining and want to hurl when the very idea of necrophilia is mentioned? Is defiling a dead body that much more revolting than taking a life? Why? Because we don't hear of it as often? Are we truly that immune to murder that we shake it off as normal and entertaining? True enough, social stigma, what sociologists call 'informal sanctions' seem to make acts like necrophilia much more severe than murder...that could explain our reactions. Does this seem backward to anyone?   I propose we do our part to change this cultural stigma. Lets all start talking about necrophilia as though it were normal - and disgusting - part of civilization, and only talk of murder as though it were wretched, evil and depraved, an act only a truly twisted, demented person could commit - which it is!