YES only 2 more Years!!!! and then i can move out of this crappy house! I know it may sound dramatic or whatever you wanna think but my gosh i really really can't stand it here. Today i got to spend the day home alone just me myself and angel and omgosh it was the best day ever! Then mom comes home yelling at me as usual because i left my brush on the bathroom counter top. She always finds something to yell at me about, but does she ever yell at casey? (my 8yr old sis) NOOOOOOO of course not.... then this evening i'm out there talkin to her about it because whenever me and casey argue she always yells at me because "you are older and you should know better" ya and all i'm doin is defending myself and Casey won't even listen to me and mom wants me to watch her this summer.... and then we were talkin about her singing and i said i don't like it it gets on my nerves because she thinks she has to sing over the music and then i can't hear it and it's so annoying and then mom says "you are just jelous" ha i'm sure they will be happy when i move out too because then they won't have to worry about giving me any attention ya know? My gosh she gets away with everything... we were in the pool swimming and casey said "i hate you" and she was talkin to me and my gosh i said that to her before and mom flipped and so i don't say it because i dont' need another stupid reason to get yelled out but of course she's not gonna say anything to casey... and Then casey will do or say something that upsets me and mom will start laughing and i tell her to stop cuz it just encourages her but she won't.... they say that they treat us fair but my gosh they don't. i member when i was that age i had to pick up all my stuff and my bookbag i carried it in the house everyday and carried it to the car everyday but now mom does all that for casey and won't even ask her to get it or if she does she still wont' make her.... and i member too when i was her age i couldn't leave our street and mom made me come in at like 6ish and go to bed at 7:30 and casey comes home at 7:30 and goes to bed at 8:30 and gets 30 mins of tv and give mom a hard time every morning. I am praying that this thanksgiving they will let me stay home for the week because A) i can't miss school B) i dont' want to stay in the house that we have to stay out and C) i need a week to myself it would be just so lovely This summer mom and dad are supposed to go to somewhere in mississippi for a weekend and they are gonna let me stay here so maybe i can see if casey can go stay with one of her friends so i can stay here by my self. Oh ya and then today i told mom i would eat when i got home because i was goint to run over to morgan's really quick and i come home and they ate like everything and didn't leave anything for me except like a scoop of mac and cheese so i just decided it's all good and i dont' need it but ya........ Ah i'm so so sry i'm not really a complainer or aka a Whinger all of the time it's just that today it all really got to me and this is one way to just get it all out of my system but moving on My party is the 12 so you better come!!!!!! only 1week and 4 days til i turn 16!!!!!! (June 7) but yes anywayz ya'll have an awesome day! mine will get better now that i'm in my room! love all of yas!