I don't know anything about Arkansas.  But I'm going to be teaching there, in Marianna, a town with app. 5,500 people in it.  There was a letter waiting for me in my mailbox.  I will be teaching at Ann Strong Middle School.  I will be teaching "Reading" for sixth graders.  I'm excited that I will be teaching Reading instead of Writing.  After two weeks here, I know that I'm better at teaching Reading.  It's natural, like curling up under blankets when it's cold.  I want to write my thoughts about my placement before I talk to anyone else.  To be honest, I'm a little disappointed that I won't be teaching in Mississippi.  Not because Arkansas is a bad place; I don't know anything about either state.  But Mississippi sounds more romantic, especially to an ole' Northerner like me.  Arkansas just sounds, I don't know, less intriguing.  Less Blues.  Less folk.  Less mysterious.  I hope I read this six months from now and laugh to myself.  I hope that Arkansas enchants me.   Arkansas.   I think the problem is its name.  I'll have to find out where the name came from sometime.  The story.  I  love  the town name Marianna. I'll just say I'm from Marianna, by the Mississippi.  Fifty miles from Memphis, which is actually a neat-looking town.  There's this one street in Memphis where people just walk around, playing jazz and blues and blue grass music.  There aren't any cars allowed on the street, even.  I guess I'll get to go to Graceland!  I'm nervous about Middle School.  Here, in Houston, I've been teaching elementary.  I'm a good elementary teacher.  Today, my Corps Member Adviser (CMA) told another CMA to go observe me, because I was one of the strongest teachers in her group.  Omigod.  I was so excited to learn she thought so well of me.  (We were doing a poetry slam today in my classroom.  The kids absolutely loved it, and the ESL kids took some risks.  I was so proud.)  So, I feel really good about being an elementary teacher.  I've been attending workshops in elementary teaching.  And BAM, I'm in middle school.  That's different.  That's 130 students.  That's the same lesson for the same class every day.  That's a long time to learn students' names.  That's less opportunity to be silly, because kids are  cool  at that age.  BUT, I've asked Baha'u'llah to put me where I'm most needed.  Where my talents, whatever they me be, will be of the most service to the community.  So I trust that I'm going somewhere special.  Special is an ambiguous word, but I don't know anything else to say.  I can't visualize Arkansas.  I don't know what it's going to be like.  But I think it will be special.  And I know that children, in whatever location, are children.  And I'm Ms. Polk, dammit!  (And the salary is decent, too.)