We got cell phones. That was our smallest purchase of the weekend at 1 yen (with a year long contract). Needless to say, they are pretty neat and will serve their purposes in case anything happens to us on the road in a foreign country where we don't know what to say in the middle of nowhere. (It's really not that scary.) By the way, moshi moshi means hello (I think only when you answer cell phones).  Friday after work, Cristina came over and picked me up. I drove in her car under her supervision to make sure that I would know how to drive manual on a mountain with curvy roads. It turns out I do, so I am not as frightened as I was beforehand. That night we went to Kanoya city, the nearby not so city-like or very pretty place, but it is more urban which is kinda nice. We went out with some other JET participants. It was about 8 of us in total. We found that many places were full because this weekend is Obon, a holiday when people go back home to visit their families and remember their ancestors. Finally we found a place and ate. It was all you can eat and drink but I wasnt really that hungry or in the mood to drink (especially after Tokyo -- haven't told you guys about that one). After we ate, we went to a Karaoke Bar. It was not the karaoke booths type of place.  It was actually like a lounge and you told the bar tender the song number and then when your song comes up you get passed a portable microphone.  I did not feel like singing too much although I did do backup vocals to I forget which song.  There were probably about 50 people there, and we probably monopolized the mics most of the night.  The bathroom there was very odd.  At first you open the door and you are in a dark closet that is wallpapered in a dark pattern.  If it weren't for the door knob to the actual bathroom you would think you were in this dark little closet.  Then when you go into the toilet room, there was this apparently famous poster of obscene and lude acts that 1 or 2 people can do in a bathroom stall.  We were at this bar till about 4 a.m. and proceeded to go home.  Two of our friends that were drinking were going to get this special kind of cab that comes with 2 drivers -- one drives the cab and the other drives your car.  (Isnt that neat, they should have this in the States.)  However, since Cristina and I were not drinking we just did it instead.  I felt really comfortable driving the manual car again.  We dropped them off in Kushira and continued to Cristina's house in Higashi-Kushira.  We woke up the next morning and I told Cristina that I felt as if I were hung over.  Because of all the smoke, lack of sleep and dehydration, I felt like I was run over by a truck.  In any case, we went to try to get a cell phone but I forgot my passport (I did not think I needed it, after I yelled at Cristina why did she bring hers, yada yada yada . . . . I'm sure she would enjoy if I went into further detail.)  We the proceeded to go to a cafe with Kaz and her boyfriend Alex who lives in Kagoshima City.  The cafe reminded me of any independent cafe back home -- kind of Top-ish or Satchel-ish (but with blue instead of Green or Yellow) for you Gainesville folk.  Then we went to the 100 yen store (aka dollar store) which is amazing!  Mom, you would go crazy.  They had so many things that we wanted to buy, things that you never even knew you wanted.   These arent like your dollar store back home.  Cristina went a little crazy and spent about 25 dollars, but it was stuff that really helped her place out.  I spent about 5 dollars on a change purse because you get so many coins in change; 1 cent through 5 dollars are coins.  It's not really a change purse but like a U shaped thing that you open and your change slides out.  You see a lot of these in Italy (not for 1 dollar).  I also bought some cool handkerchiefs and some rugs.  Later that night we went over to the Kato house for a big dinner.  It was so much food again and so much fun.   We went back to Cristina's and spent Sunday fixing up her house.  It looks really nice.  We rearranged the furniture and everything really makes sense and feels like it's hers.  Then, we went back to Kanoya and bought cell phones.  Last night Cristina drove me home but since it was kind of late she stayed over and drove to Higashi-Kushira this morning (the sun rises here at about 5 a.m.).  Tomorrow, we leave to Kagoshima City, the capital, to go to our orientation for 3 days.  I pick up Cristina tomorrow morning and head off to the port about 30 mins from Cristina's house to cross the bay to the other peninsula where the Capital is.  (Make sure to see a map of Kagoshima to understand, our prefecture are two side by sude peninsulas that are separated by a bay with a big active volcano in the middle.)  Then, its a short walk from the ferry terminal to our hotels.  The trip is a busuness trip so my passage and stay is paid for.  I even get a daily allowance for food.  I forget what the official word is for this.  Mom, or anyone, if you could remind me it would be great.  Well I believe that is it for now.  Do not be alarmed if I dont write for a few more days.  Oh, and Friday is my welcome party... WOOO HOOO.