Well you go to a cheap pc room and you get a cheap PC.  So I guess I deserve the harsh treatment I'm getting from this pos.  First I'd like so say that the story I read on  urlLink Becky's blog  is seriously some of the most disturbing stuff I've ever read.  I can't believe we live in this kind of world and my heart really goes out to the victim.  Best of luck to her.   On a much less serious note Korean Oreos are fucking disgusting.  I've been looking forward to eating them lately and you can't imagine how disappointed I am at how horrible they taste.  Korean snacks in general are pretty crappy.  They taste somewhere between cardboard and sawdust.   This weekend was pretty darn good.  At first Saturday seemed like it would be a bust as Gyeh-son and I had a spat.  But that was resolved and I managed to salvage the night.  From there it got a little crazy.  Gumi James is now the soju mixing master.  He went on a run to the store for soju b/c he was broke.  He brought back what looked to be 3 normal juice bottles.  But little did we know they were spiked with the Korean alcohol.  We had mango, apple and grape.  All of which were pretty good.  Thanks go out to Mieka, Jeff, Tim and Lee who all helped me through the night at some point.  Either by buying me a drink or food or lending money.  We made it to GR which was bouncing.  Then from there it was to BB and then I grabbed food with Mieka.  I started slow but ended up pretty lit up.  Sunday was slow.  I spent most of the day in bed recovering.  Oddly enough it didn't seem like a waste.  It was kind of a relief to just be able to lay around and do nothing.  That night I watched "One Hour Photo" at a DVD room and I have to say it was pretty good.   I'm pretty pooped.  I have to write some e-mails.  I had a Korean slurpie.  I thought it would be more like an icie but I was wrong.  You live you learn I guess.  Seems a lot of people have bad body oder lately.  I wonder why it is and I wonder why it's always around me?  Do people who stink know they stink?  They can't, or else they'd do something about it.  Who knows.  I have to do some e-mail.