Allo, allo, allo,  I realize this is short notice, however tomorrow (Tuesday the ninth) could be an historic day in America.    San Francisco is having its run-off election for mayor, featuring--of all things-- a Green candidate.    Granted the candidate, Matt Gonzalez, is the underdog (he received 20% of the vote compared to Gavin Newsom's 40% in the first election), but you never know.  America has never had a major city with a Green mayor (unless you count Santa Monica... which I don't).  If you get this message in time and you feel inspired and you know a registered voter who lives in San Francisco perhaps you might give them a call and persuade them to vote for Matt (I have found that either bribery or blackmail are most effective).  Some reasons to vote for Matt:  1.  He's endorsed by the following:   BANDS AGAINST BUSH, BAY AREA (BABBA); Jello Biafra; Dick Clark (not the yahoo from American Bandstand); Danny Glover (admit it, you loved him in Operation Dumbo Drop); Bob Weir of The Grateful Dead and Ratdog; Rod Donald, Member of Parliament, New Zealand (for stronger Bay Area-Kiwi relations); Teachers 4 Change; S.F. Taxi Permitholders and Drivers Association (you don't want to piss these guys off); DogPac (whose website, www.dogchurch.org , bills itself as the "Virtual Church of the Blind Chihuahua"); San Francisco Motorcycle and Scooter Coalition; San Francisco Bicycle Coalition; National Organization of Women, California; Art Agnos, Former Mayor of San Francisco.  2.  Sound environmental policies such as: "Protect the natural and use values of the Hetch Hetchy water system" (I'm not exactly sure what this means, I just like typing the words "Hetch Hetchy").  3. His ideas for improving education include smaller class sizes and "recognizing the centrality of art in a well-rounded education."  Also, he never mentions nor alludes to the notion that more computers in classrooms would somehow resurrect the schools of America from their abysmal state.  4.  He has a proposal to make the city more bicycle and pedestrian friendly... Amen brother!!  5.  Did I mention, he's endorsed by Danny Glover, star of Escape from Alcatraz.  Reasons not to vote for Gavin Newsom:  1.  He's endorsed by Al Gore.   "Gore said he felt comfortable endorsing Newsom because the candidate's studied style of leadership mirrors his own." (www.gavinnewsom.com)   Yikes!!  This guy thinks a comparison to Al Gore is a positive thing.  That's like comparing yourself to plain yogurt.  2.  His name is "Gavin".    C'mon, who's your Mayor, a guy named Matt or some social butterfly named Gavin?   Besides, since the dawn of time, there has been only one truly honorable man named Gavin:  Gavin MacLeod aka Captain Merrill Stubing of the Pacific Princess aka The Love Boat.  Until tomorrow...  God Bless America,  God Bless Danny Glover,  and sucks to Gavin Newsom.  It ain't easy being Green, Chris