ugh...my head hurts.  this has been an ongoing thing for the past 2 weeks or so.  nothing i take seems to help, which is unfortunate because it really makes it hard to do a lot of things when your head feels like someone is hitting it with a hammer.  otherwise things are going really well.  i had an observation today and she seemed to think i was doing a good job.  everyone has been commenting on my teaching...so that feels good.  maybe one day i will become teacher of the year ;)  that's not a bad thing to hope for...it's a big achievement.  anyway, i'm trying to decide if i want to take classes at the u this summer or take the summer off and take a week-long class up in northern wisconsin.  the week-long class sounds so fun...you stay in a cabin and take a class on glassblowing.  i'm really excited about doing that.  i could maybe do both depending on the dates.  i'm looking forward to a break though.  i feel like my life is going so well right now.  things actually couldn't get much better.  let's see...if my life was perfect right now, the weather would be warm enough to wear sandals every day since i hate socks and shoes.  i also wouldn't be getting headaches like this or be allergic to cats.  i really wish i wasn't.  i petsat for a cat this weekend and he was sooo incredibly cute and loved me so much.  i snuggled with it a lot but had to take a ton of benedryl and was knocked out every time.  back on track though...in a perfect world guys would feel.  i'm more convinced than ever that guys are incapable of feeling.  other than that, the only other thing i would change would be to either add another weekend day or put more hours in a day.  these are all trivial things though...and things i have no control over...so all in all, life is grand at the current moment.  speaking of grand....i went to a truffle shop on grand ave. the other day with amber and bought some truffles.  i'm eating them right now.  they are to die for.  i really love this bailey's one.  the amaretto one and the creme de menthe one is also pretty good.  mmmm...i really shouldn't eat them all at once...but it's too hard not to...  i should probably get to bed.  i'm tired.  yay for a half day tomorrow...and thursday.  it'll be nice.  well, until next time, be well...