urlLink The 2001 National Assessment of Educational Progress in Geography. ERIC Digest.   This ERIC Digest is by Joe Stoltman.  It examines the results of the 2001 NAEP in Geography examine.  From the ERIC Digest:  The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) in geography is a periodic survey of geographic knowledge and skill of students at grades four, eight, and twelve. NAEP is administered by the National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES) in the United States Department of Education's Office of Educational Research and Improvement (OERI). The first NAEP in geography was conducted in 1994 and the second in 2001. Like the first assessment, the second assessment probed students' ability to recall, understand, analyze, and interpret geographic information. Students were also required to apply geography content to the completion of various practical tasks.   Educators and researchers can evaluate progress in geography education by comparing the 2001 data with that from the 1994 NAEP in geography. Such information is important for several reasons, two of which are paramount. First, by comparing the 1994 and 2001 results, educators and researchers can evaluate the changes in geography education between the first and second administration of the assessment. This longitudinal information is important for both teachers and policy makers as they evaluate the effects of school reform on student progress in geography. Second, the 2001 administration is a snapshot of performance in geography at a single point in time by a national sample of students in grades four, eight, and twelve. This information will enable educators and researchers to evaluate whether or not children in the United States are developing the geographic skills and knowledge essential for effective participation in the economic and political activities of the nation.   This Digest discusses: (1) the framework of the 2001 NAEP in geography, (2) the findings, (3) comparisons of the 1994 and 2001 national assessments in geography, and (4) conclusions about the significance and usefulness of the national assessment for the teaching of geography.