Another week goes by   So, it was Friday again... I got up unusually early, which means that I'm stressed out again. The good thing is that I got to say good-bye to Carol and Amber (well, just Amber, but at least I could leave a message for Carol) before they left for the weekend. I went to work about quarter after ten, and we spent some more time trying to get the Dell servers to boot with custom kernels. This morning I got a hint at something that may have been wrong with the kernel image, so we're going to take a look at that. Frank from the SAD project came over, and we worked a bit on the rsync server that is basically the core for the user account system... Getting that to work is about 95% of the work we need to do, everything else is just beautification (and yes, that word exists.)  There was a CSClub meeting at 1 - with pizza! Evan (my boss) gave a presentation about HPCDC (the name of our organization that maintains the new cluster. It stands for High Performance Computing Development Center) and all the fancies about it. He  did  make some small mistakes though - I'll have to chide him for that on Monday. He forgot to emphasize that openMosix is only intended as a load-balancing platform, not a straight clustering system, and he didn't mention Grid Computing as the fourth supercomputing platform.  After CSClub some of us went to best Buy and I picked up two more  Full Metal Panic  DVDs. When we got back it started raining and pouring and flooding. This kept on until about 5-ish, and then it stopped as suddenly as it started.  The Anime Club meeting started at 6, and we spent most of the time until then watching Robotech... Then, when we were about to start the Anime Club meeting the projector in the room we were in crapped out, and we spent an hour between trying to fix it and migrating between rooms (the other room had a working projector, but the computer didn't have DVD playing software.) Once we got it all working we started by watching the first two episodes of  Full Metal Panic . After an hour of watching that most people seemed to get bored by it, so we decided to watch something else. After five minutes of "What do y'all want to watch?" "Uhh... I don't know..." I got tired and set an ultimatum - either they decide on something within a minute or we would watch  Kodocha . Boy, did they jump! After 5 seconds we were watching  City Hunter  which brought up mixed feelings with the crowd at the club. There were those who really liked it (with me among them,) and those who really hated it. Once it was done, we watched two episodes of  Naruto , and then we were out of time. A considerably large group went to watch  Kill Bill . They seemed to have liked it and are all hyped up about it. I personally don't really feel like watching it - for some reason I got the impression that it's Charlie's Angels-esque. Anyhow, those of us who didn't got watch that movie got together at Tracy and Jeff's. Jeff made stir-fry, and we watched Kite and Mezzoforte. I had already seen Kite, and had liked it a lot (it's got loads of gore, and a really wicked story,) but I hadn't seen Mezzoforte yet. It absolutely kicked major ass!  Also, Richard got a picture of the 2 gallons of bacon for $4 sign...