ok so this is the shizzle. its 2:30 in the morning. i cant sleep. absolutely CANNOT sleep. my last blog was so retarted. i dont know what i was thinking when i wrote it. i was just confused. had some thoughts on my mind that i needed to be set straight. and that happened tonight or last night if you will so i feel so much better.  well this is what i did today or yesterday or whatever well anyways, i went to the mall with mooshie. we had to bring the dogs along cause well my FATHERS an asshole. he wants to deprive me of the pathetic excuse of a social life i have created for myself. he wasnt letting me out of the house unless i brought the dogs along with me. sad really. well mooshie was super cool bout it. he wanted to "meet them" apparantly. well we all had our fun. first we went to the library cause p-puppy adn a-dawg needed to return over-due shizzle. then they took some books and videos out. afterwards we hit the mall. that was fun. we ate went to the pet store just the usual u kno? well after that mooshie drove us home. i sent p-puppy and a-dawg upstairs and mooshie and i sat and talked in his car for a while. we did come upstairs for a bit to get something to drink and yes well just show mooshie my place. he said he had to get going but really he had to pee. the funny thing was a-dawg was in the shower and mooshie didnt wanna go pee in the bathroom while a-dawg was in it showering. lol. it was so funny! well we went downstairs and mooshie decided to "water the plants outdoors" lol! HAHAH! so he stayed a while longer. we did laundry together. THAT IS HOT! i've always had this fantasy that my boyfriend and i would be doing laundry together, well our laundry not my family's laundry and it kinda sorta happened today. he was standing there while i was loading the dryer. that counts right? he did kiss me tho in the room. which was a PLUS PLUS(Y)!  alright so after laundry, mooshie and i sat and talked for about another hour and 45 mins. which didnt seem that long. honeslty when i'm with him hours pass but it feels like 5 mins. its just not enough time! damnit! i cant wiat till school starts. i'll have an excuse to be out and with him all the time. MUHAHAHHA! but when he has to head off to college he'll be so busy and we might not have as much time together as we'd like. well we'll see when september comes round.  yea so then we sat and "talked"...i'll leave it at that.  he called me later and we talked for a bit but then he got real sleepy so i MADE him go to bed. HAHAHHA!   and now i'm up. i cant sleep. i watched t.v. a couple of movies listened to some music. NADA nothing seems to be helping me get to sleep. i dunno wat it is. well watever it is i hope it passes soon. i need to catch me some Z's!  thats it for now eh. my hands are getting tierd of typing so much. i'll write again later on today.  g'night to all...  TASH IN later much  CHEERS(B)  I FEEL PRETTY AND WITTY AND LOVELY.....well watever the words are. ya'll know that commercial right?  P.S. i'm not sure cause i've never really felt this way before but i honest to GOD with my whole entire being even my ugly toes SWEAR that i think I'VE FALLEN IN LOVE! i know it seems crazy but thats how i feel. i hope he feels the same way. and if he does i'd appreaciate it if he told me :D  HAPPY 3 WEEKS BABY!!