Week recap   Hmm, I've got a lot of catching up to do. Where to start? Well, let's do random bullets. * New stuff: All the stuff I ordered from Thinkgeek came in today. Christmas gifts for almost everyone on my list. And if you're not on my list then you don't deserve a gift from me. Where's my list? That, I won't tell you.  * More stuff: My Stratovarius stuff came in today too. Pretty shirt, cool CD. I'm happy.  * We're doing great at  urlLink the cluster . OpenMosix is working, we wrote our own neat monitoring software, tons of management automation scripts...  We are on a  roll ! * The fricken cold won't go away. But now I got me  urlLink magic blanket  (it's  soft ! It's  fluffy ! It's  warm ! It's  cuddly ! And  it says blanket ! Watch out Cold, you've got competition now! /dev/blanket is out to get you! * Wednesday night we went to watch  Matrix Revolutions . It started out good, with really smart dialogs, but as the movie went on it degenerated into a pretty mindless action flick. I was really disappointed with the ending, it felt rushed and left too many loose ends. I really hadn't expected much from it to start with (having read reviews of it at Slashdot), but I had hoped at least for an interesting plot twist, something unexpected. Instead we got bombarded with cliche after cliche. It wasn't a  bad  movie, but it's not one of those that I would pay to see at the theater.  * Tuesday... Oh yes, Mikey's birthday dinner. We had... Hamburgers, and onion rings, and fried 'tatos. And we watched...  Stigmata ? And then... What? Oh yes, I went home early, because I had to go to work early next day.  * I'm getting annoyed at Morgan... He's playing with that fricken ball in the living room and dropping it every minute or so. One of these days I'm gonna snap and grab that ball and bash his head in with it.  * Monday... Game! Yeah, so we started early, and we recovered the last item we needed, and are now heading back. We got attacked by some shadow mastiffs, and... That was it?  * My BeOS machine at work is freaking out. I fixed one of the problems (basically, I can't let the screensaver turn off the monitor... Else it won't restart again). I think I need to allocate more memory for the video card. I'm tempted to just put in the Matrox one. It sucks, but it's probably more stable than the craptastic built in one.  * Well, it turns out that I need to get my name change documents certified in Washington, because the Canadian government won't accept a Texas judge's signature as a legal document. So I'll have to get my visa as Claus W. Strommer, as on my passport, and not at Claus Spitzer, as per the document. I hate legal systems. So inefficient.  * Exalted. This night's game was  fun . I got a great chance to sew the seeds of dissent. I got the party to split up (well, it was  their  fault for backstabbing Pat, I just took the chance to retaliate in his name), so now they're wandering around without a map and me and Pat are the only ones with a clear idea of where to go. The stone is rolling, and there's nothing they can do to stop it.  It's fun to be evil!