Last night Cop and I had a long talk about everything that's happened and we both  said everything we needed to say.  I told him exactly how I felt about his bounced check, about him talking shit, about his wife... everything.  He took it really really well, and actually apologized for a lot of it, which is huge for him.  There was no arguing, it was very positive, and in the end he agreed to sign the release form.  The four of them are going to move in with his mom and stepdad until he finds out what's going on with LAPD.  We both left the conversation feeling really good about it.  He was also lecturing me about going back to school and getting a degree, that actually turned into more of a counseling session, but it was good.  I told him about my weekend and told him all the people I ran into that we went to high school with.  He was excited to hear about everyone and what they're up to.  Then we started talking about the way we were in high school.  God, I miss those days.  He was Mr. Popular, the quarterback, basketball star, track star, Homecoming King, and I was the new girl.  I caught his eye and from day one we were inseparable.  Every girl in the school had a huge crush on him so when I came along and took all his attention of course they all hated me.  They would spread rumors and talk shit, but it never bothered us.  We were so happy spending time together all the time, and just having fun that we never paid attention to any of the bullshit.  Nothing could get in our way.  Well, until he married the mexican  urlLink antichrist .  She is the one thing in the world that could get in our way, and she did.  I hope we can still be friends to some degree, but I'm happy that I still have those memories of the "good ol' days".  Now I have to get ready to move in 2 weeks, AHHH!  Thank you all for your advice!   Ok, since you guys are so good at giving advice.  I need to know what to do about this wedding I have to go to on the 24th.   urlLink Marine  is going to be there, and I need to figure out how to deal with that.  I could go with my old roommate, who is a female.   We would probably just go to the ceremony and skip the reception, I really don't want to sit there in the same room with Marine the whole night without a date.  Then I'm sure we would go to a club again that night, and maybe meet  urlLink 6pack  there.  UNLESS... I ask  urlLink FBI  to go with me, then we would definitely go to the reception (and maybe make marine a little jealous ;) ).  He's so much fun, he's so friendly, and loves to dance.  Or I could just make up some excuse for why I couldn't go to the wedding at the last minute and skip it altogether.  Hmmmm.... What do you think?