I realized something today... The events and activities that I am involved in neither require my existence nor would be significantly different if I were not existence. Don't get the wrong idea here- this isn't one of those "now I must leave you, goodbye..." Suicide notes, goodness. I guess what I'm trying to say is that my problem is that I don't know the problem.  Everything was particle's peach a month ago... I had a girlfriend (which I subsequently broke up with, something I still think is correct and gave me a few precious social points, LOL) and I felt I had some sort of purpose in life. But before that, I had some sort of "connected with the world" thing going on, setting my purpose as to, redundantly, find my purpose.  However, I get back to my original problem: my existence is slim to none, which brings me to the title of my exploration.  While I clearly want to be part of this thing we call society, my problem has to do with choice- not in simple "do I want to or not" sense, but my choices afterwards. Does my mind and heart say that I want to be in society, yet my hand and mouth waver away from the human spectacle? Am I choosing the incorrect path to my entrance into society, and thus, my choice is no?  Then again, choice itself is a problem... Whether or not we have actual choice in life, we will never really know. (just watch the first two Matrix movies and you get a pretty good idea about the whole "am I choice or being controlled?" concept. If not, watch the second one again- I had to ;) However, if I don't have that choice, then what purpose do I have here, running around with no visible or implied impact on the Earth as it is? How does this lead me to becoming a better person, or a place in life? People tell me almost everyday about how I'm going to be something big, or something along the same lines, but this sheltered life stunts the growth of social skills that I need to communicate with people- the most important skill on the face of the Earth. (What have been the most important revolutions in the past 1000 years? The book, the telegraph, the radio, the telephone, the television, the internet. See something?)  So, with this heavy feeling in my breast, I headed to the only place in my mind that seemed like I still belonged, or was visible: English 1-2 Honors, Mrs. Kimberly Richey. I have that weird feeling like I have to return home or something. However, I waited and waited, and she was no show. I instead went to my personal confidant, Mrs. Kimberly Stansberry. (Spielman (I hope I spelled that right...)) I have that weird feeling around her that we are cut from the same cloth... Visions of the same person at different periods of time, something like that, LOL. I told her that things were going pretty crappy, school's boring, even in the hardest coarse loads. The only advice she offered was "Hang in there." A persistent voice within my lifetime- it will come.  I wouldn't mind waiting half as much if I knew what I was waiting for, or who, or a clue to something of my sum total. But, as mere humans, I must live with the limited foresight that I have into my immediate future, vision of what I think is the present, and hindsight and horrors of my past.  And, returning again to my problem, my problem is choice. I choose to wait. I choose to be who I am. I choose to believe in the future.  in love.  in hope.  in faith.  in life.  The problem is choice...  I just hope it's the right one...