So I downloaded this new browser called  urlLink Mozilla Firefox .  There was a thread at one of my  urlLink favorite websites  where people were raving about it.  I haven't even had it very long, and I gotta say, it's pretty awesome.    My favorite feature is what's called tab browsing.  Basically, you can have more than one website open in the same window at the same time and flip back and forth by clicking on the tabs at the top of the page.  When I first read about it, I thought, "Hmmm, that seems like a cool feature," but I didn't think about it being something that I would particularly use.  I've used this feature more times than I can count in the last day or so.  It's such a nice thing to have.  When I want to plan out my fantasy baseball roster, I can pull up the roster in one tab, pull up  urlLink ESPN.com  or  urlLink Sportsline.com  or another stats oriented site in another tab, and I just click back and forth between the two, and it's much easier and faster than having two different windows.  Also, I read a lot of book related sites and threads so I'll often pull my library account up in one tab, and pull "50 Book Challenge"  or the publishing thread at  urlLink Fametracker  up in another tab.  When I find a book or movie I think sounds interesting, I click over to my library account and immediately put it on request.  If you're reading an article that includes a link, you can right click on the link, open it up in another tab, and read it when you're ready.  Tabbed browsing has changed my life!  Another really cool feature is the search engines in the toolbar.  If you're familiar with the Google search bar, it's very much like that.  There's a little box up in the right hand corner of the screen.  Google is the default setting so you enter what you're searching for, and it'll automatically use the Google search engine to find what you're looking for.  But the cool thing is that you can add other extensions and engines.  So I can type a word in the box, hit the drop down menu, and click on Dictionary.com instead of Google, and it'll search Dictionary.com for a definition.  I've added extensions for Dictionary.com, Amazon, ebay, and  urlLink IMDB .  One more thing.  When you download it, it's very barebones.  There's a forward button, a back button, stop, reload, the address bar, and the Google box.  You can add pretty much anything else you want - adblockers (though it comes with a basic pop-up blocker that's very good), various toolbar buttons, games, etc. - but if you don't want it, it's not there.  So it runs MUCH faster than Internet Explorer and it's a lot less cluttered.  Granted, clutter may not bother you very much, but I hate all kinds of crap on my screen.  I have a pretty good internet connection, and Firefox is still noticeably faster than IE.  Other people claim it doesn't lock up as much as IE too, but I haven't been using it long enough to really compare the two browsers there.  So I beseech you one and all, try Firefox.  It's awesome!  And if my recommendation isn't enough,  urlLink Tom Ridge and Homeland Security say IE isn't safe.   So do it for your own good!  Sorry if this entry seems a little links happy.  I just learned how to do it.  Now playing: U2 (album: All That You Can't Leave Behind , track: When I Look at the World)  I'm on a U2 kick lately.  It happens. Now reading:  About halfway through  Wolves of the Calla , started  Sister's Keeper , and moving along again in  Essential X-Men, Vol. 2