Couches, Continued (Another Movie Discussion)   The gentle but total self-loathing that comes with being 12 is a delicate thing; the sucking of air through the teeth in an automatic self-deprecation, the hope that looks really don’t matter, as manifested with chronic bedhead and bare, metal frames for one’s glasses and the dwindling hope that life will not always be what is coupled with an innocent enthusiasm that it shouldn’t.  What made me love  Spellbound  so much is how the kids competing in the National Spelling Bee are subject to all this self-consciousness and yet, at the same, smartly defiant enough to compete in a National Dork Fest.  These are the future students of Carleton and Colgate; MIT and Berkeley.  One doesn’t worry about these kids: their futures are secure and at least, more secure than my own.  The definitions they now live by will dissolve, or in some ways, reverse.  The viewer’s knowledge of this is what makes the movie so poignant.  David Edelstein has called  Spellbound  the best film of 2003, and it’s hard to think of one that is better.  One movie that sure isn't better is  American Wedding .  While there is always something to be said for lively profanity, this movie ultimately parodies what I would expect is its most loyal demographic: the stupid white male between the ages of 15 and 22, who thinks of getting laid as life’s central quest, perpetuates homophobia while claiming to do the opposite, and, in the interest of both aims, reads Maxim.  It’s an odd tactic, making fun of one’s hardest core fans, and one tries to imagine the target viewer; an idiot who thinks he can laugh at himself, but effectively only does so in an elaborate self-permission to be an asshole to everyone else (whether or not they “get the joke.”)  But despite the gambit, this movie is just boring.  And I don’t mean to sound like I’m too good for teenage-sex-comedy; I was really hoping it would be redeemed by the same low-humor that made the original American Pie reliable in its own way.  But if you do ever watch this movie, check out the DVD interviews with writer Adam Herz; someone has been telling this guy he’s a genius, and the schadenfreude over his complete lack of self-awareness is fun.