above quote courtesy of eric about an hour ago.  so, as evidenced by the last blog, i was tired today and needed some downtime... eric had been hanging with the people and needed some down time... then i decided i needed some caffeine and he was my accomplice... we went to starbucks, but it was quite the popular hangout in the current 10 degree/ -2 windchill weather out there, and we couldn't find seats actually IN the starbucks, so we just headed back for the car, reparked on the roof level of the parking garage, and looked for constellations through the windows/sunroof for the better part of an hour... and listened to billy joel...  aside: billy joel music is the latest phase of the first years in our dept.  i bought the 1st two discs of his greatest hits in december when i visited jessica in philly... the last week around we all listened to them lots, and now that we're back scott got me copies of discs 3 and 4 so that's like all any of us listen to lately... fun indeed.  oh! so dude, we're drinking our starbucks and spotting all the stars we know that we could actually see (mostly all the constellations and major stars that border orion such as gemini, auriga, canis major, canis minor, taurus, the pleaides, lepus, castor, pollux, sirius, capella, etc. etc.)...  can also find saturn really well in the middle of gemini lately... anyhow, out of nowhere this flaming ball of white light falls out of the sky,.... i've seen one falling star before ever and this was bigger and brighter than even the planets you can see... eric said it's either a really big/close meteor (but it was super huge for that according to him) or a really far away bizarre who knows what... go figure... so i guess i saw my first meteor tonight too and it was a big one.  yay for stargazing.  i solved one out of our two analysis problems completely on my own... the other one is tomorrow's job.  i give up on homework for now... amanda's (my roommate here) watching TV with ron (her boyfriend)... not a complaint, just an observation: her voice gets really shrill when he's over... it just goes up in pitch a couple notches as soon as he gets here it seems like and while they're laughing at the TV i can't really concentrate on math theorems i don't totally get so i'm off to other stuff... like  ragamuffin gospel ... that's one quality book.  night all.... for real this time... =P