Argoff had lived in Kenderwood his entire life, never once even considering leaving home.      For over three thousand years he stayed there as one of the village idiots, as well as the village elder. He lived in his small house in the center of the kenderwood forest, down a sucluded path hidden to most eyes, even from the elves.      The house was one story, with no basement, three rooms, a kitchen, a dining room, and a small study. The unique thing about it was, that almost everything in the house was gold, silver or some sort of jewel or gem!     Anyway, Argoff was dubbed 'the shiny' when he was born because his bald head shined like the sun o0;;. you bet everyone got a kick out of that... infact... his granfather's still laughing to this day -_-;...     There was one fatefull day in kenderwood for this poor old kender elf. He strolled into town with his normal silken garbs on, whistling to himself all happy-like. A pale woman watched him from an ally way. Her cold blue eyes not moving when her lips curled into a grin. Her white hair went down to her sholders on the sides and down to her ankles in a ponytail in the back. she wore odd cloths for that time, navy green shorts and a black tank-top, and her boots were a black leather, going half way to her knees and tied with crimson ribbons that never seemed to actualy tie anywhere.     She fadded away into the shadows and apeared behind Argoff, wraping her arms around his neck and pulling him back. She whispered softly into his ear "I need you... you'd make a great asset to my estate, love." Argoff blinked, eyes bulging a bit and he quivered.      "um... eh heh heh... eh... could you not do that in the middle of a public street miss?"Argoff whimpered as she licked his cheek.     She grinned and nibbled on his ear "now why would I do that, pet? I like public excitement. eh heh heh." she licked him again. he pulled away from her and ran for it "GAH! I'M DOOMED! DOOM DOOM DOOM!" he ran down the streets shouting. The woman laughed "oh my shiny little friend, you can't run for long." ^ ^she began to walk slowly after him "oh come on Argoff... please? I need a new toy the old one... died." she grinned, pearly white teeth sparkling. "Argoff, my love. Come back to me." everything around them seemed to stop, nothing moved accept him and her. She kept calling his name in her seductive tone.    She finaly cornered him in his own house, backed into the corner of teh small study. She reached out and touched his cheek "why do you run from me so, dear Argoff. All I want is to play with you."       Argoff qhivered and clenched the book shelf to one side of him and the wall to the other. she leaned in to kiss him and he pulled a book out, puting it infront of his face so she kissed it instead. She blinked and groweled, "you FOOL! What do you take me as!? A cheep trickster!?  Quit hidding from me Argoff! I will have you! You will mbe mine to play with! mine alone!"      Argoff whimpered and suddenly shot out of her reach, racing to the door and shouting "DOOM!" repetitively , getting to his bedroom and diving underneither the bed. "LEAVE ME ALONE!" he called from underneith. "I DON'T WANT TO BE A PUPPET! I HATE WOOD!"     The woman glowered, groweling lowly "you will not get away from me elfling!" she snapped going after him.     Suddenly all was silent in that lonely kenderwood house. Argoff slowly peeked his head out from underneith the bed, looking around. The woman was no where to be see. He rubbed his eyes and went to sit up, hitting the back of his head against the silver suport rod on the side of the bed "OW!" he pulled himself out from under the bed and held his head "ow ow ow ow ow!" he rocked back and forth a little bit "evil ..."