I've been thinking about the future lately, and I've been kicking around the idea of leaving my job after next year and starting law school. The thing is, I've always been indecisive about my professional life, even as a college student. I remember the time I wanted to be a sports medicine major, but since I made the decision kind of late in my college career, and the classes I had to take for the major were sequential, I was facing another 4 + years of college. I didn't think it was fair for an junior to have to take the classes sequentially, and I met with the dean to plead my case for taking the classes during the same semester. When he asked why I thought it was unfair,  I told him that I had spent my first two years of college trying to figure out what I wanted to do, and I had come to the conclusion that sports medicice was it, and I didn't feel like I should have been punished for it. He then said something that has popped into my mind every time I think of changing direction in my life. After I pled my case he said, "It's not my fault that you're indecisive." And that was the end of it. He didn't budge, and I got pissed. I thought, "Screw him! He doesn't know anything about me, other than I've changed majors a few times." But, now that I look back on it, I have been indecisive, until I entered the profession I'm in now. Since I started doing the work I'm doing, I've felt like I have purpose. I've worked very hard, and I've made some tough decisions. I have been anything but indecisive. But, now that I'm thinking of making a transition back to school, I'm scared that it will turn into the "sports medicine" thing all over again. I originally started this job with the intention of staying for three years, then moving on. Now, I'm starting to feel like three years is one year too many. I'm thinking that it may be time for me to venture out and start preparing for a career that will take me further than a low paying student affairs position at a private college. I'm 26, and I want to start preparing for my future. It's scary, but I'm growing up.  I've also been thinking a lot of returning to Michigan. I miss my family and friends, and it has taken a long time for me to get comfortable here, let alone be happy. I know the fact that I miss my family is playing a part in my decision to return a year early, but I don't necessarily think it's a bad thing. Family has always been very important to me, and I don't want to become so detached from them that I become one of their "distant relatives." I think it's time to sit down and do some serious "pros and cons" thinking, and determine what's best for me. Hopefully I can come to a conclusion that is good for everyone involved, and I can work very hard this year to ensure I will be leaving a legacy, regardless of when I choose to leave.  Until next time...Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~ George Bernard Shaw