In the Social Studies I Competency Goals for Special Education students at the high school level "Student must demonstrate an understanding of the three branches of the federal government and their functions."  The Textbook I use in class addresses this in 3 simple pages in chapter 7 section 4. As we talked before texts do not address topics in enough depth. I have found three websites that will serve as additional teaching aids in helping my students understand the branches of the federal government.  The Truman Presidential Museum and Library http://www.trumanlibrary.org/whistlestop/teacher_lessons/3branches/1.htm  urlLink Cool link  Takes the reader through each branch of the federal government, what each is responsible for, what makes up each branch and the checks and balances that exist between each one. This site also has short question sections for the reader.  These question sections range from simple fill in the blank to short answers.  I usually spend a lot of my planning looking for more in depth questions to help my students understand the branches.  This site is interactive and has much of what I have done before all rolled into one.  Also, my students enjoy spending time in the computer lab because it is individualized and they can move at their own pace  Federal Government Branches- The United States http://www.lawmart.com/federalbranches.htm  urlLink Cool link  This website links you to the official websites for each branch of the federal government.  I like being able to use this website because my students can use this site to improve their internet skills as they search for specific information.  For example who are the US Senators from North Carolina?, How many cabinets are there in the executive Branch? How many woman are on the Supreme Court? and many other questions.  My students love to use the internet, but lack in certain retrieval skills that they made need to survive in the real world when they graduate.  Ben's Guide to US Government for Kids grades 6-8 http://bensguide.gpo.gov/6-8/government/branches.html  urlLink Cool link  I like this site because it is written to make sense to a middle school mind.  Most of my students operate at or near this level. I like the way that this site is able to go in depth with the different branches while at the same time not confusing the reader.  Many of the ideas or topics listed are things I have searched for in the past, but have trouble with the concepts getting to deep and for my students. urlLink   urlLink