No, I am not talking about Sammy or Angel even though they do tend to bark on a regular basis.  The dogs I am talking about are my feet who are not very happy with me at the moment.  I spent the last three days working a 3 to 11pm shift at the County Office Building which included making rounds in a 9 story parking garage.  I can not begin to tell you how much fun that was.  NOT.....  I know, I am reminding myself of the fact that it IS a JOB.  I was scheduled to work today from 3pm to 11pm BUT I will be bowling tonight instead.  I advised my company that I go to church Sunday morning and bowl on Monday evening and that I can work OTHER hours during those days.  Nevertheless they scheduled me anyway.  I called the on call supervisor at 6:30 am on Saturday as I was headed to a 7 am to 3pm shift and woke him up to advise him of my NEED to be off today so I can bowl.  He was not too happy that I called him at 6:30 am.  Oh well....  The joys of supervision at a security company.  heheheheheheh  Lets see, now for the fun stuff.  We experienced the following events this morning before we got up to start our day.   UAD =  Unexpected Appliance Death   UTW = Unexpected Trip to Wallyworld UBA =  Unexpected Bill Arrival SHS =  Scheduled Hammering Session   Katy was awakened by our Terrier Sammy at 6 am wanting to experience a UPB (Unscheduled Potty Break) so she got up and let him outside to do his business.  Then Katy attempted to initiate a SCP (Scheduled Coffee Percolation) which failed miserably in a UAD (see above).  That in turn caused Katy to experience a URTPIB (unscheduled Return To Prone Position in Bed) where she lamented the fact that the light was on with the coffee maker but no one was home.  At this point I am awake faced with having an NDC event (NO DARN COFFEE) which in turn meant that I would soon experience a UTW (see above please).  Once we meandered back from WallyWorld I went to the mailbox (huge mistake) and experienced the UBA (see above) and then wandered back down the hill to be advised by Katy that she needed to experience a SHS (see above) so that she could hang some pictures.    I dont know if I can handle any more scheduled or unscheduled events at this point.  Hopefully the coffee will be ready and I can get on with the rest of my day.  LOL....