urlLink    Jesus smiles!  urlLink      At church on Sunday, during special music, clips from whichever film this picture is from were played on the overhead.  I have no idea which film it is or who this actor is or who the director was or anything.  That's not at all important.  It's a representation of the life of the One I love.   Over and over again, the clips were of Jesus smiling and laughing and dishing out hug after hug.  Too often, I get an image of Jesus stuck in my head that he's this really serious guy who didn't have any fun.  I imagine him praying really seriously, sweating drops of blood "not for his own grief, but for mine."  I think of the agony of the cross.  I imagine him giving sermons like some of the lectures I've sat through for school.   But Jesus was fully God and fully man (wonderous Lord!).  He not only was a part of creating this strange creature that is humanity, but he experienced life as one.  Can you image a child not laughing?  I can't!  And I can't imagine anyone who's walking close with God as not smiling much, and Jesus was closer than imaginable.  I bet he played with children and joked with the disciples.  I imagine that he gave out loads of great big bear hugs.   I don't know why exactly I get this grumpy picture of Jesus stuck in my head.  It probably has something to do with my persistant fear that he'll get sick of forgiving me when I mess up, that he's so disappointed with me that he can't stand me any more.  But that's a lie from the pit!  He loves me more than anyone could ever possibly love me!!  (Praise you, Father!)  He subjected himself to the limitations of an earthy body and died a horrible, painful death because he LOVES ME!!!  (Oh, sweet Jesus!)  There is no greater love.  Not any where, not any time.   He knew me before he even created the earth.  Knew my name, knew what I would do, knew how I would die.  He loved me then and he loves me now.  And he SMILES at me.  He says good things about me to God, prays for me, watches me with more interest than any one ever will.  (Thank you, Jesus!)     And all he asks is that I love him back.   Oh, Jesus, I do love you!!  Help me to love you more and more every day!  Thank you for saving this wrech of a girl, this "speck of dust at the edge of the universe."  You are so mighty, so lovely, so holy, so loving!  You are all I need.   He's smiling on you, too!  His loving sacrifice has covered over all your sins!  All you have to do is accept his gift of life.  I'd love to talk with anyone who wants to hear more about this.  Or you can also go to this link and read what's there.   urlLink http://www.greatcom.org/laws/    Love and blessings, ya'll!!