I have enjoyed catching up on the recent conversations about worship.  I share many of  urlLink Andy 's frustrations and feel very strongly that there is much to worship that we (in the generalist of meanings - we humans, not anything smaller) have not explored for ages.  For a long time I was in what seems to be Andy's place.  Sung worship just left me completely cold and the fact that everyone else seemed so keen on hours of it really grated. Then I also realised that it was about a sacrifice to God and not my feelings.  Then I had guilt as well as frustration.  Great.  But God gives grace to the guiltily frustrated and I've kind of been on a journey with worship for a while.  May I offer a few musings.  But first let me say that I find myself agreeing with most of the things  urlLink Andy  and  urlLink Matt  have already said (as is often the case).   moving   I think worship is intended to be participative and active.  I'm sure this is supposed to also be the case with singing songs.  After all you sing words that you're mind engages with.  But for me it often just doesn't work. I find singing to be quite passive, perhaps partly because I'm not overconfident about my voice but also cos your not doing much.  You sit or stand you sing, the music happens to you.  So I have been looking for more active ways of worshipping both corporately and privately.   dancing   One is dancing.  This I'm sure isn't the way for all guys (but it was for King David) and is partly because I was so into dance music when younger.  I find that when I am swinging my arms and legs around like a crazed gibbon my whole body is able to focus on the father.  It also becomes a bit of a sacrifice because you look a bit silly.   kneeling   The other is posture.  Kneeling, Prostrating myself, raising my hands etc.  For a while I was a bit suspicious of them - but that's another story.  But I have more recently realised that they help me focus.  I do something with my body and it helps me focus.  So a song can have more meaning if my hands are raised.  Strange but true.   singing   I have also come to acknowledge that maybe the rest of Christendom may not be completely wrong about songs and guitars.  Singing has always been a way of communicating stories.  We are all obsessed at some level or another with Pop and the stories communicated there, just look at the number of us that quote songs on our blogs.  Worship songs our a great way of telling our story to ourselves, to each other and to God.  Now I do feel there can be an issue with the quality of musical backing to the story and the range of emotion imagery we use (where are the nu - metal worship songs of sacrifice and raging against injustice for example).  But that doesn't mean we should chuck singing out (though I'm sure you don't mean that Andy.  One form of song that has been very helpful to me is the Taize style chant.  Simple yet deep words that you can play with, harmonise with and again be more engaged in.   creating   One of the things I love about the alternative worship movement is its focus on creativity and activity.  We are beginning to explore this in prayer stations at St Tom's.  Worship through making something, doing something reacting to something.  Again it helps me to engage with my maker.   In co-creating we meet God in his role as creator and we use some of the attributes that make us like him. Now I like that.   being (and ritual)   Our whole life is worship.  We often say it and yet I often miss this out.  One of the most helpful things I've found in my personal devotion life is best described as ritual.  Rituals can be like litual spiritual portals that remind you that you are in the presence of the almighty.  Maybe it could just be crossing myself and saying a short prayer before doing something I enjoy.  Or associating brushing my teeth with confession.  Or repeating a short prayer ('Jesus son of God, have mercy on me a sinner', for example) as I do something (cooking for example).  They are not magic but they do remind me that the normal stuff I do can be and should be worship.  A great place to start on this stuff is the  urlLink ReJesus Spirituality pages .   pushing forward   I think we (human beings again, nothing else) often have a tendency to err towards conservatism.  We stick with what works for us, maybe in Churches we call it God's plan or whatever.  Now that's fine in many ways.  Maybe the frustration some of us feel is God's call to move out in our explorations of worship.  We have an eternal infinite God and so it stands to reason that there is a deep ocean of ways to engage with him.  Maybe we get a little too stuck in what we think is the way to do it.  Maybe we need to venture out a bit.  that's a very big post and it does not even begin to say all I want.  I might follow it up in the future.   As well as the ReJesus site I mentioned earlier.  Jonny Baker's  urlLink site  has some great stuff - particularly the  urlLink worship tricks  about engaging in different ways.    Post script .  Anyone interested in meeting up for real life experiments in pushing out worship?  Been thinking about it for a while - if you are please let me know.