CHINA!!!      Hey everyone!  Well, I have now returned from my adventures through Shanghai and Beijing.  It was definitely quite a trip.  It is amazing how different China and Japan are and in many ways this trip enabled me to appreciate many aspects of Japan a lot more.  It also made me realize that over the past 9 1/2 months Japan has definitely come to feel like home.      On to China details...well, we landed in Shanghai after 3 hours on a plane and were quite excited but were immediately faced with the language barrier as we tried to make our way to our hotel. We then learned to always get a card from the hotel and have them write in Chinese characters where we wanted to go. We were then able to just hand it to a cab driver and we were on our way.  We accumulated quite a few cards!!! While in Shanghai we saw the Shanghai Acrobats (really impressive), went to an aquarium, did a day tour out of the city to view some gardens and an old town known as the Venice of China, toured the Bund Area (water front area), went to the Shanghai museum, to the Jade Buddha Temple, and pretty much just wandered around the city a bit.  At times it was quite frustrating as cabs wouldn't always stop for us, people at times could be quite pushy and rude, we were constantly being stared at in a quite uncomfortable way, and apparently spitting is a national sport. I pretty much decided that I wasn't going to let it get to me and was therefore able to accept it as being part of the China experience and not enable those things to prevent me from seeing all of the great things China and Chinese culture has to offer.      On to Beijing...well, we boarded an overnight train and arrived in Beijing 12 hours later.  We made our way to a hotel a lot more easily and were excited to begin our explorations of a new city.  While in Beijing we saw the Beijing Acrobats (incredible!!!), toured Tianenman Square, the Forbidden City, the Temple of Heaven, the Summer Palace (huge and unbelievably beautiful...had the longest painted covered walkway in the world as well as a marble boat), and did a Hutong Tour which is a tour of one of the original Chinese neighborhoods and we were able to go into a tradition style house and meet and talk with the head of the household.  We obviously also made a trip to the Great Wall.  I can totally understand why the Great Wall is one of the 7 Wonders of the World.  We went to the site at Mutianyu and took a chair lift up the mountain.  We then walked along the great wall with China on one side and Mongolia on the other.  Elizabeth and I continually just stopped walking to take in our surroundings and to realize that we were in fact standing on the Great Wall!  It was incredible!!!  To return back to the bottom there was a metal track and we were able to Toboggan down. Also a lot of fun but the people who went down right before us were a bit slow so we were constantly having to slow down on the track.  All in all an amazing experience at the Great Wall!!!   While in China we of course sampled all sorts of Chinese food.  We had Sichuan, Peking Duck, Mongolian Hot Pot, Cantonese style, Mandarin style...basically a ton of Chinese food and I have now definitely had my fill for a little while.  Anyway, I wanted to give all of you a brief overview of my trip to China but if you are curious to know more just send me an email and I would be very excited and happy to share with you more of the details!!!