Well it seems there is some interest in Scrabble.  The board game cafe is really awesome and I look forward to spending plenty to time hanging out there.  Tomorrow is Sarah's last night out so I think there are plans to get furiously crazy.  This being said I think I'll take another peaceful night at home.  It's getting cold again and I'm not sure I'm so happy about that.  My place just isn't warm and cozy, even with the heat on.  I think the PC room I'm currently in b/c they always keep it plenty toasty.  I think LIKE is going to go under before too long.  I taught out in Boe-mo yesterday and that place borders on deserted.  There were kids, but not many.  For some reason the gross mismanagement of LIKE is really beginning to annoy me.  Really it shouldn't b/c they pay me and treat me fair enough  but still it does.  I think it is b/c if they put forth any effort at all they could correct the problems.  Whatever though, like I said the pay me and I guess that is the bottom line.  I heard a rumor they are going to start combining schools until they get down to about 5 or so.  I have no clue if this is true.   Today went by really quick it seems.  It's already Wednesday.  Which of course makes tomorrow Thursday.  I just thought, tomorrow "The Last Samurai" opens.  I think I might have to hit that up this weekend.  I haven't seen a movie in the theater since LOTR.  I was wondering tonight why don't I watch more videos in Korea?  Really I have no idea.  I just don't.  I think between the movies I watch in the gym and the AFN movie of the night I'm able to get my movie fix.   In a change from sam gyup sal my roommate and I ate dwe-ji gal-bi tonight.  It's still pork but a different cut and really cheap.  My part of town I think this like the ghetto so stuff is cheaper.  I think things are cool between the roomy and I but lately he has been in his room with the door closed a lot.  This wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact it used to always be open.  But we still seem to be alright and he hasn't said anything so I won't worry.   I think I'll end this pretty much meaningless blog entry with one of my favorite quotes.  Nobody famous or important said it and you'll never guess where it came from but I like it none the less.   "The willow knows what the storm does not: that the power to endure harm outlives the power to inflict it."