so, here's the scoop... i am exceedingly frustrated, stressed, sad, etc. this week... bad/frustrating situations in progress?  *keep roommate and her family (roommate = kristin, my valpo roommate, and one of my best friends ever) in your prayers -- major things are going on with her mom right now and her mom was checked in to the hospital yesterday afternoon to deal with them... i don't know how much i'm at liberty to say, but i'm really feeling for her mom and for roommate since i'm talking to her at least daily about how things are going there...  *health issues with my grandma -- when i visited her last saturday it took her 10 minutes to realize i was here and stop talking to the wall instead... this is new... i feel guilty because after how this visit last week went, i don't know if i ever want to visit her again all by myself... every time i've seen her in the past year she's been markedly worse and that scares me... as opposed to the previous three years where she'd have bad days and good days, despite the strokes, and you'd find her on an occasional good day that it was encouraging to come back again.  *quals -- i am so not prepared yet and so frustrated with how much i have yet to do.  *moving -- it took 4 days to get all my stuff moved across town, with eric helping every day, and various other people helping intermitently besides... i'm tired, sore, and not ready to organize my life in the new house yet  *other responsibilities -- it struck me this morning that i'm in charge of pizza seminar this year and i've done nothing yet... i have to start harrassing people to find speakers in the next couple weeks  *money troubles -- enough said... too much to pay and i don't get paid til september... it's going to be a long and stressful month  there are some positives though  *i'm now moved into a new house with colleen, and leigh comes back tomorrow -- i have roommates who will read kids books with me (were instituting nightly bedtime story time... _fox in socks_ was our first pick and _go dog go_ will be tonight) and who i can actually talk to when i'm stressed... the living situation will improve once (a) my room gets painted and i can really move into it, and (b) we all get our stuff settled... we'll have cable and internet there starting tuesday  *i have good friends... even after 15 days trapped in a car with me, eric's spent 4 days helping pack and is helping me deal with even more stuff later today... scott, colleen, and others have been particularly helpful lately too.  *i am finally moved except for my laptop, a chair, and a fan -- that's good, right? :-P  so yeah, that's the scoop lately... if you don't hear from me, it's because i'm doing a lot of hiding out and dealing with only 1 person or 2 at a time to stay calm... it's ok -- just check back in a month.