I am still working on Part II of the "Who Do You Work For?"  blog.  The rest will come.  But in the meantime, I have other things to say.  As you can tell if you've read what I have written so far, it's clear that I am setting up a scientific argument in opposition to abortion.  Or, more specifically, an argument that demonstrates that the theological arguments opposing abortion have a scientific basis.  So, with that in mind, any chance I get to write something about abortion, I will do.  With that in mind, here's today's post:  I always read Ben Shapiro's columns on www.townhall.com.  (Actually I read ALL of the columns on TownHall.com.  Even Bruce Bartlett's.)  And I am constantly impressed with his cogent analyses.  So impressive for someone so young!  His  urlLink recent column  , posted today (June 16, 2004) on TownHall, piqued my interest.  Please read his article.  Here is my response...  Dear Mr. Shapiro:  I am an administrator and lecturer in law at [a university somewhere in the midwest], I appreciated your recent column on the issues that the American Jewish population needs to address and be realistic about.  As a Roman Catholic and a strong Israel supporter, I was gladdened to see an Orthodox writer speak out for the support American Christians give to Israel and the Jewish faith generally.  I was also glad to see one Jewish person tell so many others that the political party American Jews seem best to identify with - the Democratic Party - has long since abandoned the principles that drew people to it in the early part of the 20th century.  But the problem, it seems to me, is in the distinction between persons practicing the Jewish faith, and those who have identified themselves as "cultural Jews," (as my non-practicing Jewish colleagues have termed it to me).    I feel as if I am watching the same sort of divide take place among Jews in America as I am seeing among Roman Catholics.  There are those who continue to adhere to precepts that are thousands of years old, which take their meaning from Scripture.  And then there are those who want to define their beliefs for themselves, even when this means accepting conduct that is abhorrent and clearly contrary to common decency - much less Scripture.  There are any number of examples, but I am referring specifically to abortion.  As you know, the official position of the Roman Catholic church is and always has been in opposition to abortion; that it is a grave evil, justifiable only when so doing would be necessary to save the life of the mother (which is extraordinarily rare).  But many Catholics are abandoning this position, calling for "choice."  How many other Christian church leaders/members are still staying strong on this position?  Many of the mainstream Protestant denominations are going to an official or unofficial "pro-choice" position.  Where is the Jewish leadership on this issue?  Where is the American Jewish voice on this issue?  What is profoundly disturbing to me is to see the number of American Jews who are intimately, integrally, visibly, vocally involved in the abortion business.  How many ACLU lawyers suing on behalf of Planned Parenthood are Jewish?  How many abortion practitioners, or clinic owners?  How many so-called "feminist", pro-abortion spokespersons?  (At least, as they might say, "culturally.")  This is heartbreaking to me, to see so many of the children of Abraham; so many who have inherited the mantle of Holocaust survivors, bathed in the blood of innocent unborn children.  Abortion is America's holocaust; where are the Jewish voices decrying it?  There are some, thank goodness.  You and Dennis Prager, just to name two.  I receive the World Jewish Digest (based out of Chicago) and read it faithfully - there are many Jewish commentators in it who support life.  But on the whole, it appears that far too many American Jews - whether because of their loyalty to the Democratic Party (which has become a one-issue party; they will brook NO disagreement on the abortion issue), or for some other reason - seem not only comfortable with the deaths of 40+ million unborn children, but committed to it.  I hope, Mr. Shapiro, that you will continue your vigilance on this issue, as well as the others you address so articulately.  Thank you for your time.  Sincerely, [my name]