last night in class, dr. reyes mentioned to us that writing and publishing a book may guarantee us a royalty of almost 1.3 million every year! take note, every year! she has a friend who wrote a series of books for children and earns the said amount for her published work. and according to dr. reyes, her friend goes on vacation abroad with the whole family each year and each one of her kids owns a bmw...all these just from the royalty she gets from the books! hmmm...seriously thinking of publishing a book for pre-schoolers now...  i went to powerbooks today to look at the storytelling books i'm considering for my thesis. my aim is to establish a reading list of storytelling books with positive family values for pre-school children ages five to six. although i'm thinking of just focusing my study on one book and trying to see what values are presented in the stories. when i went to powerbooks, i saw these disney collection of storybooks and they're so amazing! i would have bought the whole collection if i only had the money! they're all hard-bound and all the disney cartoons and movies ever created are in the said collection. there's the princess treasury which has all the princess stories (of course!) and then there's the classics collection and then there's the adventure collection (featuring the disney pixar movies of toy story and monsters, inc.) and so on and so forth. the two volumes i would have to get for my thesis are the family story collection since i'm focusing on positive family values...both books amount to 1,600 pesos already...gosh! i have to save up for those! and aside from that, i also wana get the care bears storybook collection which i think costs around 500+. it was really a delightful surprise seeing that care bears book because that's the primary cartoon i remember from my childhood! i also saw strawberry shortcake and my little pony of which i had stuff and dolls of the said characters when i was a kid. i really want to buy those books for my collection...and of course to someday pass on to my children...i hope they grow up to be lovers of books like i am...i'm going to guide them to be as such...  i wasn't able to chat with kel this morning...sad...  and i haven't heard from rich too...as we had some sort of a rift last night about his ever-pending visit here...  oh well...i think it's going to rain soon here...kinda dark outside...