Well..elections are over. Pretty stupid if u ask me.. To ask students to vote for the head prefect. As if its the president of a student's body which is gona give a shit about the students affair. Stupid Aiza. Thinks that the students are gona really be serious in this la. Kiss my ass! Brainless git. And i actually looked up to him. And the students. Keep on chanting for Adi non-stop. Macam la they think he is the right man for the job. some only support him because he is their friend while some are just protetsing against Form 4 as THEY are the responsible ones. No idea how im gona work if his name is announced.   All this fuss about the elections, the worries, the strategies... All comes from three stupid gits who think that it would be 'challenging' and rather funny for the other candidates. Just three. Isnt it ironic? How three mindless screwed up assholes can mess up an entire school discipline board? And all they have to say is ' whats done is done..sorry' Sorry my ass! _l_ . Unless there is another way of changing things around, the rest is nothing but utter nonsense if u ask me. Don really see any future for the board.. It really bothers me. I want to do some homework also cannot. Kept on thinkin bout all these and when these things comes to my mind, i get pissed. Then no mood to study as exams are a week away. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Sprained my back today during volleyball. Probably because i have only gone to one training in 3 weeks! CRap! summore im in first team. stupid. Just when im given the oppurtunity to gain some shine in my life, some stupid crap comes in. Everybody is after me because im so called the lousiest in the team which i willingly admit. But still..First team.. Damn cool for me. Argh!   Physics project was quite a success for my group. Actually its not even a group work. its a pair. Once again the great hero is sick. So sick that he had to go home early and still can go ice hockey at 9.30pm. So much for getting sick. Like how the Malay saying goes 'Hendak seribu daya, Tak hendak seribu dalih'. I can come up with lots of excuses im reluctant to do something. Anyways, i gtg now. wana watchin Malaysian Idol..hehe.. Fook out...