so, i forgot to post this last time (thanks for reminding me mommy...) ... the Sum 41 concert actually WAS cancelled, and it wasnt just the animateurs telling us it was so we wouldnt want to go. oh well, i saw them last year LOL       so, last night was the Querre des Clans (Family Feud) and it sucked, because it lasted 2 hours (versus the normal 30 minute TV show!) and only 20 people actually got to participate, and i wasnt one of them, so i got to watch all night. plus, we were sitting on the floor, which was hard, and there were "commercial breaks" where the animateurs put on really lame "commercials" and skits, but they werent funny.  it was the first activity that i didnt like... the first 45 minutes or so were alright, but then it got dumb. and all the people up there knew NOTHING (EG.: Name something that falls: AN AIRPLANE). one time it took 9 guess for them to start the round, because NO ONE knew.        so, today was class, and it was alright. Amanda M. and i started our oral presentation for friday, and it should be pretty good. we also started our class presentations for the end (that we have to present to everyone else) and we are doing three little seperate skits. i am with the Anastasias, the Amandas, and Elvina. the Amandas and i are on the same wavelength, and we are basically the one doing all the work, but the Anastasias dont seem to like what we're doing (too bad for them!).... since we are imitating the animateurs, we were trying to pick who we will be, and the Anas were like "lets pick the 6 animateurs and then assign them to people" and so they chose the most popular animateurs. the rest of us want to each choose the animateur that we WANT or are most similar to, which makes SENSE! (i want to be Mathieu, cuz i have the clothes for it, and hes the closest personality to me too, and Ana H was like "no you can be Fabien" but i have more in common with telephone poles than with Fabien!) but whatever... i know that in the end, it will go the way that my group-inside-a-group wants it to go, so YAY lol       today is tacky-clothes-and-singing day. i am one of the four people that are dressed up (although its not THAT dressed up... just my plaid pants and my ugliest-plaidiest-plaid shirt, cuz i dont really have any "accessories" or anything like that.) ... the other people are Jodie, Sarah, and some other girl (plus the animateurs, and cafeteria workers, of course). also, if we sing our sentences, the animateurs will give us tickets for a draw later today... we sang all lunch and only got one, but one is more than none i guess! you wouldnt believe how hard it is to sing your french sentences! LOL (its ALWAYS the same tune though, so that helps hahaha)       anyway, im off to my workshop now. then its changing my sheets, then free time for the rest of the night :)      au revoir!