Optimism   The last week has been incredible.  The pieces of my life seem to all be coming together in an extremely positive way.  The future looks really bright at the moment.  I admit that I'm having a hard time keeping my head from getting too big.  Success is temporary.  There are few things in life that I know as well as that; although I have the sensation that my future is set, nothing could be further from the truth.  My life will fall apart at some point in the future; it may occur next month, later today, or maybe in a few years.  But at some point, I'm going to enter a position that seems hopeless, and the higher I have climbed, the more painful that desperate position will feel.  This may seem pessimistic to some, but it is a fact of life to me.  The prudent thing to know is that despair and strife are necessary parts of life, and there's nothing you can do to keep them out of your life.  By being aware, you are one step closer to being prepared.  Obstacles will manifest; be prepared for it, psychologically and physically.  This is, of course, something that we are all aware of, and I think we would all accept as common sense.  But I am sure that we are all prone to forget it, because when life is good, we don't want to think that life is going to be miserable in the future.      I had a good friend when I was in the Marines, Michael Watts.  He always told me, "Ben (that was somehow short for Bernard), It's not how you fall.  Everybody falls.  It's how you pick yourself up again."  He embodied what I consider the highest form of Honor.  Sometime before I knew him, he had bought a stereo from another guy in his platoon.  However, it turned out that the stereo was stolen, and thus Mike had unwittingly bought stolen merchandise, which is a crime.  His battalion tracked the stereo to Mike, and he was questioned.  Mike was told by his senior that they were required to charge him, even though his senior knew that Mike was innocent.  Mike understood this, and accepted the punishment.  I believe the law was unjust in this case.  Mike viewed the situation as one that he couldn't escape, and thus, his role as a leader was to be allowed to be used as an example, so the discipline and intergrity of the battalion would persevere.  He lost his rank, and was prevented from achieving the next rank for an unreasonable length of time.  His pay was also docked.  At this point, many Marines would have become spiteful of the Marines, and would turn into "shit bags," those Marines that have ceased caring about their role in the Corps and their duty to their brothers.  Mike, on the other hand, was motivated to work harder than ever.  His uniforms always looked the best, his physical fitness was superb, he did his job beyond what was required of him, and treated everyone fairly.  He was aware that shitty things happen, sometimes because of mistakes he made, sometimes because of things that are beyond his control.  But he was prepared for it.  He didn't throw his arms up, except perhaps in private, and then only for a short time.  He faced his new position, and struggled to attain what he was potential of achieving.    My friend Amy told me that my philosophy of strife is optimistic.  I think you can see why.