Instead of my normal politics/economics post, I'm going to do more of an informal article on my love for liberals.  Why I Love Liberals:  1.  Their belief that spending more money on healthcare, education, and everything else can be accomplished while reducing the budget deficit.  Higher taxes, anyone?  How about everyone?  2.  Their belief that raising the minimum wage will go hand-in-hand with their plans to reduce overseas outsourcing and job creation.  Yeah- businesses will hire more people and send less work overseas when they have to pay more for labor.  Sounds reasonable to me.   3.  The way that they call conservatives and anybody with religious beliefs "hate-mongers" and other affectionate terms, as if their hatred of these people (not to mention Bush) is ok.  4.  Their continued statements that a 15 month approach to war that included repeated attempts to bring the UN and other nations on board was both unilateral and rushed.  5.  Their assertions that Bush improperly relied on faulty intelligence regarding Iraq when the intelligence he relied on was supported by several other nations and several congressmen relied on it when they voted to approve military action, including one John Kerry.  6.  The way they're working to suppress the Swift Boat Veterans when actions by Republicans to suppress similar types of information would immediately be condemned as the suppression of free speech.  7.  The fact that they keep mentioning how this group (the Vets) is funded by a rich Texas Republican when Moveon.org and other initiatives are funded by rich Democrats.  Yet they're somehow valid while the Vets aren't?  8.  Their elevation of "tolerance" and "diversity" to a level of importance usually reserved for religion, while doing all they can to remove Christianity from schools, public offices, and anywhere the courts will allow them to.  Apparently tolerance of Christians is not required.  9.  Their belief that taking mild steps to make it harder for children to access pornography online is a heinous affront to society.  Pornography is a heinous affront to marriages, families, and anybody with values.  But heaven forbid we restrict it.  Oops- I said heaven.  10.  The fact that they indoctrinate children through their control of the educational system in America (teachers' union, anybody?) but fight Christianity in schools since it supposedly indoctrinates children.  I guess it's not a matter of whether or not there's indoctrination, but who's doing it.   That's the list for now.  A hurricane's coming, so I'll be back after it moves through.