Following is information about this Sunday's long run.  You were all amazing last Sunday!  Keep it up!     WHAT:   5 mile out-and-back course    WHEN:  7:15 a.m.  Meet at 7:15, step off at 7:30 a.m.  Clinic will follow after our run/walk.    WHERE:  Kellogg Park in La Jolla Shores    DIRECTIONS (Thomas Guide 1227-H5)    FROM THE NORTH:    I-5 Fwy. southbound.  Exit at La Jolla Village Drive and head west.  Turn left onto Torrey Pines Road.  Follow Torrey Pines Road, which will veer to the right at a stop light (where it merges with Ardath Road).  Stay in the right lane.  Turn right onto La Jolla Shores Drive.  Turn left onto Vallecitos.  Turn right onto Paseo Grande.  Parking lot will be on the left.  Park at the far end (north end) of the parking lot near the bathrooms.    FROM THE SOUTH:    I-5 Fwy northbound.  Exit at Ardath Road (it heads west).  Go past where Ardath Rd. and Torrey Pines Road merge.  Turn right onto La Jolla Shores Drive.  Turn left on Vallecitos.  Turn right onto Paseo Grande  Parking lot will be on the left  Park at the far end (north end) of the parking lot near the bathrooms.    HYDRATION:  Please remember to hydrate adequately for your run/walk.  You should drink a minimum of 8 glasses of water per day on average to remain hydrated.  The night before, make sure you do not deprive yourself of water or dehydrate your system by slamming down a bunch of beers!!  Just joking about the beers, ladies!    In the morning you should have 8-16 oz. of fluid (preferably a sports drink like Gatorade) about 1 hour before your run/walk.  WEAR A FUEL BELT WHEN YOU RUN/WALK.  Get used to sipping as you exercise to remain hydrated.  I suggest filling your bottles with Gatorade, though you might want to fill one of the bottles with water for a break from the Gatorade.   After your run/walk, drink 8 oz. of Gatorade right after your workout and lots of water for the remainder of the day.    EATING:  You MUST eat before you run/walk!!  I know you will be getting up early for these Sunday runs, but make sure you spend a few minutes making a simple breakfast for yourself.  You should eat your breakfast at least 1 hour before we start running.   You need carbohydrates in your system for your body to create your energy source.  Without it, you cannot perform adequately.  It is as simple as that.  Especially when we get into the longer runs/walks...you must feed your body.  Examples are wheat toast or oatmeal, banana.  I personally have toast and Gatorade.  I avoid any food/drink that will upset my stomach while I run (coffee, OJ).    Also, as we get into the longer runs/walks, it will become even more important for you to eat carbs at dinnertime the night before.  We can discuss this with you later.    I THINK THAT IS IT FOR NOW!  WE LOOK FORWARD TO ANOTHER FUN FILLED GROUP RUN!  YOU WOMEN ARE AWESOME!!    If you can't make the run, please let your mentor know.    Wendy