I swear I'll won't touch a drop of alcohol again   ...Well at least until new year. My  head ! So this is what happened: We were at the party at Keith's yesterday. There was a  lot  to drink. And I had brought 10 pounds of spare ribs. Yum! But I digress. I barbecued the ribs. There's no problem with that. But I also had way too much to drink. Starting on an empty stomach. 4 Coronas, 4 or 5 shots of Rumpelmintz, and a shot of Southern Comfort, 100 proof. Well, that was the last one I remember. Which was, I took the shot, I put the bottle back into the fridge, I closed the fridge, and started walking out of the kitchen. On the way I apologized to Keith's roommate because I hadn't been paying attention to the last batch of ribs (which he was eating) so they could have been overdone, and he said they were fine. Then... NOTHING. That would have happened around 9pm I reckon. The next thing I remember is someone giving me a bucket or something and asking me to try to throw up (which I did) and me thinking "How did I get to the couch?". And in between there was Carol talking about "Lilo & Stitch". And I was asking for an aspirin. And then they were ushering me into Carol's car, and me asking them to get my bag (the one with the laptop), and then Carol drove me home. On the intersection of Ennis and Nile I remember getting angry at the light for being so bright (and I  know  it was that intersection, because I asked). Then I passed out on Carol's couch. Which was around 1pm. Doing the math, I lost 3 hours of my memory. There's absolutely nothing in there. Zip. Nada.  So that's what I remember. Now from what I've been told here's what happened: Supposedly after the Southern Comfort shot I walked outside, was there for a while, and then walked in and asked for a drink. Well, I got a drink.  A glass of vodka . Not a shot. An entire glass. Next thing they know, I'm falling to the floor in the kitchen (which really scared Carol). So they drag me into the living room, onto the couch, and supposedly I turned into a sobfest (I'm not sure what I was crying about, but the most probable reason would be having to leave all these good friends behind - I admit to having cried about that before), and they took turns taking care of me. Apparently at some point I had buried my face in Emily's chest, and Richard has a picture of it. Then they decided to make me throw up to get all that shit out of my stomach. Which is where I started remembering again. Yeah. That's something I won't be doing again anytime soon. Or later. Or at all.  So what else happened this week? Well, there's the paperwork issue. So, I checked on my sail account for my grades, and lookee there, one of the grades is missing. That asshat of a professor hadn't submitted it! SO I had to wait until that was done (which happened last night). Well at least  now  I have done everything needed for the Study Permit. I just hope that the letter of admission gets here before I leave, or I'm going to be in  really  deep shit. The good news though is that there is a good chance that there will be housing there waiting for me - at the very least a temporary one. The bad (unrelated) followup is that the asshats at the court here lost my namechange paperwork. Fucking great eh? And I thought I had left all that behind when I got away from Buenos Aires.  Argh, my head feels light as a feather. It's not painful, but it feels... Weird. It's probably the loss of weight from all the neurons I killed off yesterday. That does it. I'm taking another nap.