Well, for the past couple of days, I have been in touch with my predecessor Kirsty.  She seems pretty cool yet more importantly, extremely resourceful.  She has provided me with so much information.  Everything from where Tony might find work, to how to get internet connection at home, and how much I'll pay for rent.  She's even going to take some pictures of the apartment and send them to me.  I'm so pumped!  I guess the best part of it seems to be the teaching situation.  How romantic to teach at an all girls school and visit an all boys school.  I hang on every word that she says.  Even the smallest piece of information is so valuable to me.  I pray that Tony is able to find a job in Kesennuma.  I don't want to know what it would be like to have to live without him in Japan.  If he has to go to Sendai it will be tough. 2 1/2 hours away is a lot for someone who doesn't have their own form of transportation.  We went to Tony's parent's place in Hartford today to pick up his car.  We went out to lunch with Tammy and Bob.  I really enjoy being around them and being at their home.  In fact, I was kind of hoping to spend a little more time there this afternoon.  They had visitors over to their house but I was enjoying myself.  Plus I just like being around his parents.   Tonight I met up with Amy who is going to Japan with JET too.  We spoke for a bit online and I found out she was in Madison so she asked if I wanted to go out and grab a beer.  We hung out at the Vintage for awhile and it was nice to meet her.  I'm afraid that we are rather different.  Amazingly, you can tell a lot about a person by the kind of bar that they hang out at.  She had originally suggested the Lava Lounge.  I've never been there before and when we walked by it, I sort of got the feeling that I knew why.  Unfortunately, since I had to work this morning, I was really exhausted and only made it out for one drink. Coincidentally, Amy is from Wausau.  Of all the places on earth!  :-)  It was nice talking to Amy and while I feel we personally have very little in common, it's nice to have at least one familiar face in the crowd of orientations and travels which lie ahead.