I seriously hate daylight savings time. Seriously. The first Sunday in April is my least favorite day of the year. Even if I do get to eat peeps and chocolate bunnies it sucks. I really enjoy my sleep. REALLY. My whole life is being structured around my ability to sleep as much as humanly possible. Its my whole reason for going to grad school and persuing an academic career. In grad school, for the most part, I can maintain a college-like sleeping schedule and wake up around 10 am every day. Once I am a professor, I'll only teach afternoon classes. I'm not sure if I want to have kids ever. Kids require waking up in the morning, babies require waking up at night.   Loosing an hour of sleep is a precious loss for me. It takes me days to get back on track. Since it happens on Sunday I sleep in and wake up like I normally would. That led to me waking up this "morning" at 12:35 pm. Which explains why I am still up after 1 am. The unfortunate part will be tomorrow when I need to wake up at my normal time. There is a big difference to my body between 8:30 and 9:30. My body is going to think its 8:30 when my alarm goes off and it won't be happy.  Not only does loosing an hour of sleep suck it hard core, but the whole evening hour of light throws me off completely. I almost missed watching the Simpsons (and the rest of Fox's brilliant Sunday night line-up) because I was working away at my computer and had no idea it was nearing prime-time television viewing. It was still light outside for Pete's sake. Luckily I happened to glance at my clock at 7:45 and made it in time. Unfortunately, the first Simpson's episode and Malcom in the Middle were reuns. But there was a new Arrested Development (the best new show on TV!) so it was all worth it. However, I digress. I was talking about why today sucks.  And if stupid national energy-saving time change laws weren't enough to make today sucktacular to the maximus, mother nature has decided to take a crap on us. Figuratively of course. Its the beginning of April and we practically have a blizzard brewing outside. Snow, cold, and wind. Hurray! What a lovely way to enjoy the extra hour of light we got this evening.  urlLink  postCount('108114222658293367');