urlLink Career Development for Meaningful Life Work. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by Susan Imel.  It relates how students can use career development to find meaningful work.  From the ERIC Digest:  This above all, to thine own self be true. (Shakespeare)    I think there is a "sweet spot" that each of us has...It's the kind of work we want to perform, the kind of work that makes us proud. But finding that sweet spot requires deep self-knowledge. You start by looking at the work you are drawn to. You try it, you evaluate the experience, and you evolve as you discover more about it. I think of this process as developmental self-interrogation. You're working on a mental model of yourself--always. (Larry Smith, quoted in Warshaw 1998)    The attacks of September 11, 2001 prompted many people to ask "What am I doing with my life?" (Cannon 2002, p. 44) and "Am I really living the way that I want to live?" (Boyatzis, McKee, and Goleman 2002, p. 87). Some individuals have responded by changing to careers that have more meaning for them; for example, one woman left a secure job in manufacturing to help homeless women in the Chicago area (Cannon 2002). Although the traumatic and shocking events of that day caused many individuals to stop and take stock of their careers, others have been quietly seeking more satisfying and meaningful work lives for a number of years. An article titled, "Boomers Trade Security for Freedom," published in the ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH on March 19, 2001, for example, began with the statement "many baby boomers, unfulfilled by corporate jobs at which they've worked for years, are deciding to give up the great pay and benefits to do what they want to do" (Hudson 2001, p. 8). These examples support emerging perspectives that view work as an expression of meaning. Many individuals are no longer satisfied with working for a living but instead want to work at living (Boyatzis, McKee, and Goleman 2002). Career development theory and practices that foster the development of meaning in work are reviewed in this Digest.