Well, obviously, I'm getting along just fine, since I'm not on here spilling my every thought like you people even cared.  No, that's not sarcasm.  My youth minister freaked me out tonight.  As soon as I walked in, he pounced on me:  Derick (that would be my youth minister): I have the best news!!  Guess who called me last night?!?  Me (with a very obvious fake smile): I don't know Derick, who called you last night.   Now you would figure Jonathan would have called him, as excited as he was. But no:   Derick:  Mrs. Fauble called!   Pause... Derick must be waiting for me to ask the obvious question. Simple, simple man... so I humored him.   Me, patiently: Well, what did she say, Derick?  Derick, disappointed:  Well, um, we weren't home.  Me, patiently: So how do you know she called?  Derick, happy again: She left a message!   I felt like I was talking to a small child with a severe case of ADD.  Whenever he wasn't being prompted with a question, he would quietly sit there, with an excited look on his face... and just not do anything.  Face marred with a huge smile and yet, no sound would come out of his mouth.  Times when you can't shut him up, but then when you want to know something, you get nothing more than a 1 sentence response.  It's his limit.   Me, patiently (you have to be patient with him sometimes): Derick, what did the message say?  Derick: She has Jonathan's address at camp!  Me: Do  you  have the address?   I almost said it, but caught myself.  Not enough details he wouldn't have known what I was talking about.   Derick: No, but Marcie is going to call her back tonight and get it.  The moral of this story?  My youth group still thinks me and Jonathan are a couple and that I am dying to know any information about him.  They think I will visibly crumble without him and I guess I'm  NOT  so I  MUST  be in shock or something.  Quick, get a wool blanket ... and suffocate yourselves.  LEAVE ME ALONE!  Yes, he is my best friend.  BUT I AM DOING FINE WITHOUT HIM!  GEEZ!