I came down to the Fort on Friday following the last day of school water balloon fight that always took place at the park.  Every kid knew that you could make your reputation at the park if you were brave in battle.  All of the high school kids had been hanging around drinking and smoking weed and stuff and I was with a group of seventh graders who had planned on attacking the high schoolers before they could get their troops organized.  It was an epic battle.  Little did we know that they were well prepared and the surprise attack only gave us an advantage for about two minutes.  We rushed in and started bombing away screaming “High School losers never made with the ladies” it was part of a line from an Aerosmith song.  We had no real plan after the initial attack.  I knew almost instantly that the plan wouldn’t go anywhere because we didn’t even have any water balloon reserves.  It was a suicide mission but I had to pretend it was an honor to be included with the older kids.  PK always wanted me to plan most of our capers and thought I should learn what other kids did to get ready for these kinds of big things.  The water balloon fight was a classic example, he had found out the sneak attack was on from T-Smith, a seventh grade friend of his from the convent days, and told me to be near the south entrance to the park just hanging around after school.  Like I said their wasn’t any thought put to what to do after we hit them with the initial onslaught but no matter my own plan was to escape through the West gate and then climb the old oak tree and just watch the seventh graders get caught one by one by the enraged high school losers. I would be thought to be brave just because a sixth grader had never even showed up before. As I had predicted to myself the battle was over quick, the high school kids had trunks full of balloons and water guns and every other imaginable kind of water weapon.  I watched from the tree until things quieted down and then I climbed down and headed for Fort Lima.