PART TWO  I've never been a fan of working...or...jobs.  But you've got to make money somehow.  After Billy and I decided to go to Europe, we knew we had to get jobs to pay for the whole thing.  That's when we heard about the McMaster-Carr gig.  12 dollars an hour.  I was amazed.  I didn't know a person could make that much money.  Mc-Master-Carr is a supply company.  It's like Home Depot on steroids.  A warehouse with rows and rows and shelves and shelves of...stuff.  I liked to go to bathroom and get lost on the way.  I found a vending machine once that had strawberry ice cream.  But i could never find it again.  Our job? We had many, but the "best" was Inventory. For example, we were given a sheet of paper that said a box had 2,553 screws in it.  We seached for the box and counted the screws one by one.  I was glad to be putting my college degree to work.    Let me tell you, it was a long two months.  Billy and I got through it by uttering "Madrid" or "Prague" to each other as we counted.  Oh, and we worked from 4-1:30.  Both of them.  For part of the summer work started at 4 am, another, 4 p.m.  They liked to switch it up sometimes from week to week.  When we lot off of work late, Billy and I would head back to the Manor in Whitter and smoke and drink for a awhile.  When we got off in the afternoon, we'd go to Seal Beach lie in the sun then hit up happy hour at Taco Surf for a few Dos Equis.  We tried to make the best of it.  It was good to have the adversity together that summer.  It helped prepare us fo Europe.  The weird hours messed up my sleeping schedule though.  I was always tired at work.  I'd go to the bathroom and fall asleep on the toilet every day at work.  it was good for a 20-30 minute nap.  Another once of our jobs was moving stuff ("transportation") in cardboard boxes ("containers").  I'm amazed by the lingo.  This guy Rick ran the forklift to move the boxes from level to level of the warehouse.  I was on Transportation crew.  Which meant I wore a lanyard (a belt tied to a railing) so i wouldn't fall to my death and talked baseball with Rick for a few hours.  Rick was cool.  He snuck us cookies and a radio to listen to ball games.  The cafeteria there was amazing.  I feasted everyday.  pancakes, breakfast burritos, french toast, eggs, potatoes.  YUM!  The crappiest part about the whole thing was pushing the "containers."  They were on pallets with broken wheels and weighed 10 million pounds.  The warehouse was always about 190 degrees too.  My favorite job was something that had to do with boxes.  I don't really remember what I did, but I stood in front of an industrial-sized fan the whole time.  The important thing is that we made moolah for Europe.  And throught it all, we were there before we knew it.