Finale.  After the Cokemaster slimed the table/floor/purse/Moffman (and worst of all, my own half-full Corona), I made the executive decision to get the hell out of there.  With the cleaned-up Moffman in tow, whose DD would have been DWI, the two of us struggled to get a bobbing and weaving Cokemaster back to my car.  Hefting a 100 pounds heavier-than-you guy (whose talent for walking is comparable to a ten month-old kid) ain't no picnic.  Most of the drive was fairly uneventful.  CM just bounced around the backseat like the happiest drunk fool you ever saw, screaming and "woo!"ing out the rolled-down windows.  At the freeway exit for Moff's house, the trouble began.  "Dood.  I don' fel suh good," warns the Cokemaster.  "Oh shit," thinks I.  I immediately pull over, bail out of the car, and quickly open the back door.  CM stumbles out, then proceeds to wander around the road, then into the grass on the shoulder, then under a road sign, then back towards the car.  Then he begins to unzip his fly.  "Not towards the car!!" I scream.  The Cokemaster obeys and pivots just in time, slamming his rear against the rear passenger door.  He giggles as he is relieved (as am I, that he didn't piss on my car).   As the Cokemaster zips up and turns around, I am not as relieved.  The crotch and right pantleg of his shorts are soaked.  Leaning back against the vehicle apparently did not create an ideal trajectory, which resulted a pissed-down leg.  Yay for my upholstery.  But it was still pretty damn hilarious.  Next stop was Moff's house.  The Cokemaster's continued cries of unfettered joy alerted the neighborhood of our arrival.  There was a bit of drama during Moff's hurried goodbye when CM decided he wanted the newly-vacated shotgun.  Upon getting out of the car, he wandered off down the street.  Moff rounded him up, got him into the front seat, and away we went.  Two minutes later, salvation!  My new copilot passed out.  A good one, too:  head lolled, tongue-out, drool a-flowing.  All was peachy until I got to Sheetz-- convenience store Mecca.  A night out is not complete without a visit to MTO-land.  We usually order a bunch of food and gorge in the parking lot before finally heading home, but tonight I just wanted some water.  The poor bastard had to work all day the next day (haha!) and I knew he was headed for the ultimate hangover.  A big-ass bottle of water was his only hope.  The speed bump at the entrance to the parking lot jolted the Cokemaster from his stupor, and also must have jolted something in his stomach, because he started heaving his guts up two seconds after his eyes opened.  The first gout was a minor one that ran down his chin and onto his shirt.  The second gout was major, and it splashed right on the bottom of the window frame-- that perfect spot where puke ran down the outside of the door, puke ran down the inside of the door, and puke ran down into that little crack that the window comes out of.   While CM was doing his best  Exorcist  improv, I was simultaneously attempting to steer the rest of the way into a space (left knee), push his head out the window (right hand), and open his door while avoiding the spray (left hand).  I succeeded.  When the door opened, I gave him a friendly shove halfway out of his seat, then killed the engine and stormed into the store.  I didn't stay for the show.  I bought two liters of water and a roll of paper towels.  The next 45 minutes were spent on dragging the Cokemaster's excrement-covered self out of my car and onto the curb, marveling at the sight of the tremendous puddle of vomit on the pavement (did he really drink/eat  that  much?), retching at the smell of the aforementioned puddle, and scrubbing the interior/exterior/window-crack/window of my car door.  I called the state's attorney-connected buddy on my cell to bitch.  He didn't answer, so I bitched to his voicemail.  Cokemaster never did offer to help.  He remained mostly unconscious on his back in the grass.  I heard an occasional errant grunt or spit from his direction, but that was the extent of his participation.  When the door was as clean to my satisfaction, I lined the passenger seat with the remaining five paper towels and transferred a delirious Cokemaster from the ground to the car for the fourth (and final) time of the evening.  He passed out again.  Drooled some more.   We pulled into my parents' driveway at around 4:30am.  I could have left him at the bar.  I could have left him pissing on the side of exit 35.  I could have left him wandering around Moff's neighborhood.  I could left him at Sheetz.  I could have herded him into his own vehicle to sleep.  I could have kicked his drunk ass.  Instead, I risked eviction by hauling him inside and upstairs to the shower.  He woke up my dad (you've read this part of the tale already).  I got him clean drawers.  He slept on my couch in the basement.  I washed his clothes.   'Cause that's what you do for your boys.  I woke up the Cokemaster a few hours later so he could get to work on time.  I told him of our adventure, and he laughed.  He apologized profusely and thanked me for taking care of him.  The final surprise:  I called him that evening and thanked him for a wet couch cushion.  He had pissed himself in his sleep.