This is going to be something I plan on doing weekly, putting together four political topics in a post (hence the name four corners) giving this blog a little bit of a political roundness. So lets get started.     Topic Number One: It's All Over In Boston     Thursday night John Kerry the Democratic Candidate for President accepted the nomination for President officially putting him on the November ballot against incumbent George W. Bush. The convention started last Monday with a blast of the past. Farmiliar faces of the last administration took the helm as Al Gore was one of the first major speakers, he was followed by both Hillary and Bill Clinton. On Tuesday, one of the Democrats rising stars the Chicagoan Barrack Obama took the stage and had overwhelming support from the crowd. Obama is currently not being taken on by a Republican in a big Senate Seat Race in Illinois. Following Obama was Teresa Heinz Kerry whom spoke well of her husband and told us why he should be the next president (As everyone did). On Wednesday our own Jennifer Granholm took the podium, unfortunately she wasn't able to grasp the audience as I think many Dems thought she would. Later that night The Vice-presidential candidate John Edwards got one stage and really got things moving. Telling the crowd "Hope is on the way". Later that night Kerry was officially named the Dems Candidate For president. Thursday, the final night of the convention we saw nobody who could have possibly overshadowed John Kerry as he gave his acceptance speech and things started to wind down. Out of Tradition President Bush halted campaigning for the Dem's convention, he has now resumed that. The Republicans will hold their convention August 30th.       Topic Number Two: Senate Cuts Break Short     The Senate is back in session. Just as they started their summer break the 9/11 Commission released their report. Many were criticizing the actions of the Senate and said if our security depends on these changes pointed out by the commission you should be working on them and not be taking a break. With that the Senate is back discussing the Commission's recommendations. You can buy the 9/11 Commission Report from most book stores for about ten dollars.     Topic Number Three: Embassy Bombings     News came in this morning from Uzbekistan that the United States and Israel's embassies were bombed. A Muslim Militant Group is claiming responsibility for the attack. Two men were killed and nine wounded when nearly simotaniously three homicide bombers set themselves off.     Topic Number Four: The Budget Deficit     I remember being happy under the Clinton days. Services were providing adequately and we had a budget surplus. What I want to know is, what happened. Over Bush's four years in office things have progressively gotten worse with our economy. Last year the budget deficit hit $375 billion dollars and this year things are going to be worse. . . $445 billion dollars. What I want to know is if we are spending all this money, why am I not feeling a positive impact, shouldn't good things be happening if we are spending lots of money? That's a good reason right there to vote him our, a record $445 billion dollar deficit. Bush's press secretary is saying that we are on track to be cutting deficits in half. What!!! Things are so fucking bad right now, they will be lucky if the deficit doesn't get worse. He also said we are showing spending restratint in some areas which is good. NOT WHEN THOSE AREAS ARE EDUCATION AND THE ENVIRONMENT AND VETERANS FUNDS! LETS CUT BACK A LITTLE ON THE DEFENSE BUDGET AND MAYBE WE WILL BE OK. THIS ADMINISTRATION IS RIGODAMDICULOS. THEY NEED TO BE BOOTED OUT OF WASHINGTON. LETS CHANGE AMERICA FOR THE BETTER AND GET THESE LOSERS OUT OF TOWN. LETS ELECT JOHN KERRY, SOMEONE WHO KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING.     This has been four corners.