Hatred, Mistakes, and Forgiveness  I'm sick and am generally annoyed for no good reason.  Tuesday nights are the night when I have a class with a very special professor; a professor who was engaged to the same woman I was engaged to, almost immediately before me.  I've heard a lot of gossip, from reliable and immediate sources, that he has ridiculed me in front of others, although he had never met me.  He'd give me the evil eye quite often over the last year, before I was in his class.  I could have sworn he even said, under his breath, "unbelievable," as he walked past me once on the third floor of Hagg-Sauer.  Unfortunately, the class was required, and there was no alternative.  I think we've coped quite well in the class.  It's actually been a growing experience, for myself at least, and hopefully for him as well.  But occasionally, when I'm in a bad mood, I want to embarrass him in front of the class, and perhaps take a swing at him or something.  He's a very nervous man, and I'm sure it would be the most entertaining and educational class most of the students will ever see at Bemidji State.  Today, I couldn't stop thinking about it for the whole two hours.  The class had also kept me from attending a post-Grand Canyon spring break trip that I should have been in, but I chose to endure my silent rage instead.    I should say, however, that he's not a bad guy, other than being an shit head.  He is an excellent lecturer, and he even assists the famine and poverty stricken in areas of Kenya, not by donations, but by living there two months every year and teaching them ingenious, simple, and nature friendly techniques for cultivating their farms.  Ass hole (from a purely subjective point of view, I admit).  Everyone has flaws, everyone has done things and behaved in ways that they wish they had not.  Its inevitable, and thus it is not just to hate someone, or condemn someone, for a mistake.  All we can hope is that we can learn from our mistakes.  Jack ass.       I still have a lot of shit to do--that law and economics paper has yet to be written, although I got some great ground work done this morning.  Take-home test has yet to be started.  At this point, I say fuck it.  It's 9:30pm, and I would be extremely inefficient if I started now.  I'm going to bed, and I'll wake up at 5:30am, whip up some magic, and be done with it.  I'm aggravated and stressed out right now, just in case you were curious.  Sweet dreams.