Since May, all Hollywood has been able to talk about is  Fahrenheit 9/11 .   "Oh, it will change hearts and minds..."  "It's the truth behind 9/11..."  "Oh wow, this really showed me what's going on in Washington..."  "Moore is a visionary..."  "This  documentary  is stunning..."  (Note the emphasis on the word "documentary." That should read "propaganda.")  **Sounds of this blogger puking her balls off in the washroom**  Whoop diddy doo. This asshole makes a cheap film, markets it low cost to his producers, and makes $21 million dollars! Stop the damned presses---the earth has shifted on its axis! Well, let's put all this Cheeze Whiz in perspective. Yes, this is the heat of the summer movie barrage; however, many of the big hits have already made their debut or they have yet to come out.  Let's take a look at what Michael Moore's holy grail was up against on its opening weekend.   1. Fahrenheit 9/11 --$21,800,000 2. White Chicks --$19,600,000 3. DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story --$18,500,000 4. The Terminal --$13,900,000 5. The Notebook --$13,025,000 6. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban --$11,420,000 7. Shrek 2 --$10,500,000 8. Garfield: The Movie --$7,000,000 9. Two Brothers --$6,210,000 10. The Stepford Wives --$5,200,000  Now I'll stop. It only gets worse from there on out.   Well, well, Mr. Moore. Congratulations. You've successfully bashed in the head of the movie industry. I don't know how you managed to do it what with such Oscar worthy films like  White Chicks  and  DodgeBall  breathing down your fatty neck. Wow. I'm so stunned by your success. It almost looks as if you planned this so your movie would look more important than it really is. If you had decided the Fourth of July weekend was more appropriate for your film you'd have been up against  Spiderman 2  or  King Arthur  you know...stuff people actually want to see. Smart planning, you tricky bastard. I'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you this, but your film will be forgotten as the summer drags on. Unless, of course, the liberally biased media keeps the hype at this fevered pitch. Some of them are embarrased by you now. Hell, you've insulted all of us with your words, and my ears feel raped from having listened to your venom. Oh, you didn't insult us you say? Let me remind you...  This is a quote from "THE AWKWARD CONSCIENCE OF A NATION" published on Nov 3 2003 by Brian Reade.   According to Michael Moore:   "We Americans suffer from an enforced ignorance. We don't know about anything that's happening outside our country. Our stupidity is embarrassing.  National Geographic  produced a survey which showed that 60 percent of 18-25 year olds don't know where Great Britain is on a map. And 92 percent of us don't own a passport."  Since when does passport ownership determine your IQ?  Oh well, hmmm...perhaps we're too ignorant to understand your great work, and I don't feel like I need to plunk down $10 of my hard earned money for some fat asshole who thinks I'm stupid for being a Republican. As a matter of fact, not only am I a Republican. I also can find Great Britain (and a great many other countries) on a map, and I do own a passport. I used both my knowledge of geography and my paperwork to travel to Paris and London this summer. After seeing what Europe has to offer, I have never been so grateful to be an American.   Michael Moore, if you want to make a documentary, make a documentary. I can't stop you. However, don't label this film as unbiased truth. That's the kind of lie that puts you in the express lane to hell. This film contains the antithesis of truth, and the "stupid" masses you are so "embarrassed" by are the only ones gobbling it up.