I've wanted to do this for a while, but I didn't have time.  My last class was Tuesday and I'll have to get the grades in next week.  So for today, I have a little time to breathe.  I'm pissed-off! K--pisses me off! I haven't spoke with him since Thursday, and I'm not talking to him anymore!  I just don't get it; I'm baffled.  You would think being 34 years old, I would have figured out, or at least somewhat deciphered the male species, but still I am a rebel without a clue!     Maybe men are like copy machines. I know that I am copy machine inept; my students beg me to let someone else make the copies because they don't want to read upside down essays...  Ah, what's the problem?    K--said that he thought I might be a bit too "FLOWERY" with my students!  What the hell! So I'm just supposed to let my students throw what ever they want at me, and then pass them?  No!  It's not going to happen... But what does it matter? He's going to Thailand, or Tibet, or Laos for five weeks or so.  We went out to dinner on Wednesday night, and you wouldn't have thought we live in a desert. He is cold and arrogant and cruel and moody and selfish and so very ugly--well, maybe not that ugly... Yet for all that, I'm so attracted to him!  I can't believe it!  I never wanted to be one of those women attracted to a complete megalomaniac, but here I am.    I'm not calling him anymore.  I just so, so, so want him out of my system.  He's dangerous for my psyche! I am so not used to this; you know, I'm the one who is always doted upon.  He called me Thursday; I missed his call.  So I called him while I was driving home.  We talked about the tasks at hand, and then I told him, "I just want you to know I'm not attracted to you--I'm not. That's what I was trying to say to you last night after dinner." And yes, I am such a LIAR!  Hah!  But he just pissed me off! He didn't say anything. He didn't even try to kiss me after dinner.  He gave me this strange hug.  I was looking at his hands for a moment; I was wondering what they would feel like in my mouth, on my body...     I'm not supposed to be this emotional at 34.  My life is supposed to be relatively calm.  It is!  I am very happy with who I am.  I love my life.  I love my house. I love my family and my dear friends. I love all my shoes!  But K--is making me crazy!  He's going away for five weeks, he said.  But that sometime in the middle of July, he would call me, so I could come look at his garden.  I don't want to see his stupid garden!  I told V-- that "I would go and see it, and that I'd bring my new husband and new baby and we would all walk through the sunflowers together..."  V-- said,"Don't you think it is going to be a little HARD to get married and have a baby in five weeks?"  Indeed, but that's besides the point!  I told him, "I'm not calling you because everything is about control with you.  You are controllfull." Yes I have a masters degree in English, and I couldn't add the proper ending to the word! He caught it.  "You mean controlling," he said.  Yes, exactly, I suddenly get dumb when I'm talking with you.  But I do think that controlfull would be a great adjective! He does want to be the one who is full or consumed with control! It doesn't really matter to me anyway; I'm not talking to him anymore!   I wouldn't have cared if K--were going on vacation... I'm always happy to hear when people are going.  Hell, I'm happy when I go!  But just the way he told me... It was like he was saying, "I go travel to exotic places; I'm the only one..."  I said, "I might not be here when you get back. I'm going to Paris." I wasn't lying. I just don't have to brag that I go every year.   He doesn't like me.  That is the whole problem.  I've never had that happen to me before, and that's strange! I've never lacked for an interesting man in my life, but this one, just doesn't seem to like me! He doesn't like my hair, or my smile, or my body, or brain, and probably not even the sound of my voice!  Oh, my vanity!  Vanity and Vexation--indeed!   Back to the phone conversation on Thursday... I was telling him to "be safe" in his travels... We were talking for barely three or four minutes, and he said, "I have a cramp in my neck."  I can't believe how cold he is!  I just went into heart shock.  It's like he is intent on being shrewd and cruel to me. I have never known a guy who is so positively indifferent. It is like he's absolutely numb as to what he says to me. Yet, Wednesday, he was a little bothered by the fact that I said "I'm not calling you."  He insisted that I call before he left so we could discuss a situation... And when I do call, he tells me he's got a "Cramp in his neck..." ?? What the hell is my problem?    You know, it's not the cramp in his neck that bothers me just now... It's the stick! This, "I want you, but I don't want you... I like you, but I don't like you...,"Attitude!  I don't have time for his games!  I feel today that K--is such a waste of time!  He is a waste of time! Waste! I don't want to fix a man, or save one... I just can't go there!  That's what he said to me last Sunday, "Oh, your going to try to fix me..."  I said, "NO, I don't have time, and I don't want to fix anyone!"  Hello, I'm the jewel here!  I know this!  I love my life.  I love to laugh, and if he doesn't speak my language then screw it!    I suppose I just need to stop being attracted to these egotistical, semi-tortured artist types... I sometimes think I must have an invisible neon sign that reads: CREATIVE, POETIC, ARTISTIC MEGALOMANIAC WELCOME HERE!   Yesterday just thinking about K--and his b.s. made me cry a little.  And I don't even know why!  Really, he's nothing to cry over.  He certainly is no EB!  EB was my friend, my love, and you K are no EB!  Hah!  Well maybe that's it then.  Nobody not even the rain is as beautiful as EB!  His beautiful blue eyes, his lovely man-legs, his man-voice, his man hands! Oh my God--his very long, encompassing, lingering  glances! Now that, I could cry over--again, and again!  V kept saying, "Don't worry, K, is just a jerk! He doesn't get you like EB!  Remember EB, how he just got you!  He loved your hair, your smile, even your clothes... 'Violets, Violets,nice dress!, he said'" And then V and I talked about how glorious EB was and is!  V said, "I never even met EB, and I'm in love with him!" Indeed, "'Certainty like that comes only once in a lifetime...'" And the fact that he is married now, and lives so very far away is good thing for both of us!  I can't show up at his house naked, and he can't rock my world from this little corner!   But I suppose I've learned a good healthy lesson from lost love.  I'll know when the right Casanova comes along, he will be something like EB, but the timing will be right.   We will speak the same language, and instead of giving me strange hugs, we'll be discussing grammar and Shakespeare, and Moby Dick--maybe even, Gabriel Garcia Marquez under the covers at dawn...  We'll redeem the time! Yeah, I like that thought!  To hell with you K!  Jumbled Chaos