Gracie is one of those children that change the way people around her live their lives. I originally saw her in a dream when I was pregnant with Bobby, eighteen years ago. A little brown haired girl was running to the Prince looking like an italian princess, giggling and crying out, "Papa! Papa!" I was sure Bobby, and each of the next three pregnancies was that little italian girl. Nope, not a dark-haired one of the four. They all looked like me.  When Gracie arrived, the day before Thanksgiving 2001, she was special. My heart had stopped during the delivery and many complications created havoc in my body. For her first 11 days, I was in the hospital without her all but two days.  She seemed to know that Mommy needed her. I lived, and began to get better, because I knew God sent her to me. On her first birthday, a week before Thanksgiving, I was at my father's bedside in Oklahoma, as he lay dying. It was the feel of Gracie's chubby hands wiping away my tears when I got home that pulled me through the grief. As she handed me a "nose monster" to make me stop crying, I had to laugh and be thankful for the gifts of life God had given me. It isn't just me that Gracie has touched. She wears her love for us like a cloak and we are all smitten.  She but wimpers in the night and her brothers and sisters are at her side. Her oldest brother Bobby is her loyal slave, a post for which he gladly volunteered.  Katie, the woman-child, tenderly brushes the hair of the sister for which she waited 11 years. Kenny, the musician, turns over his most prized possession, his electric guitar, at Gracie's request. Joey, whose six-year old hands can make china shop bulls proud, gently lays on the pillow with her to watch "Scoob and Shag" for the three-hundredth time. And the Prince. To the Prince, she is the embodiement of all things soft and wonderful. When she runs to his car yelling "Daddy, you're home!" He melts as if he's been gone six months instead of twenty minutes. To Grandma Josephine, she is a "mini-me." It is as if someone put my mother-in-love in the dryer everytime Gracie runs!  Yes, this child is  part fairy dust and part nose monster, and I am so thankful she's mine.