Missing someone can be such a deadly enterprise. She misses him as a friend but you can't help as a bystander to entertain the doubts that there could be something more to this friendship then what they claim it is. She handles the pain well enough she considers. There is the mug of coffee, the bar of chocolate, the steady, loving, dependable and perfect boyfriend to run to and hug. Then it's only tonight that is strange, that she misses this dear friend.   Flipping open a book and reading the words off the page aloud. At first the sense of these words does not come across. She sits herself cross legged on the floor and places the book on her bed, rereading it silently. Tracing back the life within the sentences, replaying the anxieties of the characters in that single sentence. She understands the paragraph and leans her cheek upon the bedsheets, looking at the apple green wall of her room. She needs to think. Something has happened and suddenly a fact has become clear. Deep inside there is a strange stirring as if a note resounded in the chambers of her mind. A key has been struck but what is that key? She traces the note, riding the waves of a simple note. And she smiles. Well, perhaps we won't get it all cleared up today. She misses him. It's as simple as that. She misses him even as she hugs the one she loves. She will just miss him who was as if an extension of herself. She just misses him. He had a brilliance about him that she could understand and see herself extending towards, gently letting the tendrils curl around his edges and fingertips.     From him, these feelings of longing trace themselves back to the throbbing centre of her heart. There is a deeper longing than this for a friend which overshadows every other longing. God would know. He would know our attempts to chart the wilderness of our hearts and by his grace, allows us to retrace sometimes a particular feeling or mood to know the way that would lead us back to our hearts. But one wonders what one would find there in the very core of a person's heart. Already there have been suspicions of an empty vacuum just as the people from the ancient world (i think) thought that the world was flat and the waters of the ocean fell into a never ending abyss. Then that would be perfect for God then to say that He would be the only one to fill that vacuum. Then our books would never need to be reread again.   what a wonderful book she thought. In this one paragraph she thought she might have glimpsed something that was once so obscurred by the scurryings in life. That would be enough for her and perhaps now would be a good time to call up that friend of hers.