So it's the 28th December and already Christmas feels over. Normally I'd still be basking in the warm afterglow of eating too much and playing with all my fun new presents. Instead, we're back at home already and the house seems strangely under-decorated, despite a 6-foot sparkly Christmas tree standing less than 5 feet away from this keyboard. This year, the whole affair seemed decidedly un-festive; Yuletide sort of just sprang upon us, and although the presents were wonderful and everyone was happy and the food was great, those couple of days that should be happy and content seemed to lack that (forgive the pun) Magic and Sparkle. I was sat in the canteen at work yesterday (I'll come onto yesterday in a minute) and they were telling all these stories- someone's son had proposed to his girlfriend on Christmas day, another's daughter had a baby girl on Boxing Day, and I just sat there, all quiet. I felt like Stanley Bagshaw- nothing very exciting ever happens to me.  Work was hell yesterday. Not hell how you'd imagine it though. It was much, much worse than anything you could ever imagine. Screaming babies, loud grannies and refund after refund after refund. Add to that the post-Christmas sale-goers, and the fact that I was on my feet  all day , and it really felt like someone had taken what little Christmas spirit I had left, strangled it, dropped it in a pile of dog shit and then kicked it into a busy road. But, I hear you cry, you work on foods! You sit down at your till points, and none of your products were in the sale! Well that's where you're wrong. For the whole of yesterday I was loaned out to fashions, because they needed more staff to deal with the mob. The tills on fashions don't have seats, and they had one mother of a sale. I'm surprised I'm still alive to tell you about it.  But! Back to happy Christmas things. Went to Dad's for Christmas No.1, and got 2 CDs (Rancid and Michael Jackson), my new coat (snuggly warm yay), big woolly jumper, book of Politically incorrect jokes from the net (GREAT) and book called The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time, which is a murder mystery story written through the eyes of a 15-year-old boy with Asperger's Syndrome. It's brilliant- couldn't put it down and am currently fighting the urge to read it again until I've finished my other Christmas books.  After 2 days of work (busy busy busy, but KERCHING! Overtime), Christmas Eve occurred and we headed up to Barnsley. Nothing much happened. Christmas Day then arrived and as usual, my sack of presents was sat under the tree (after many, many hopeless attempts from my family, I remain adamant that my mother put it there, after seeing her bring it out to the car before we set off). Got some really wicked stuff, but the top three have to be my new Paul Frank t-shirt (Julius the monkey is wearing earmuffs!), Eats, Shoots and Leaves- A Zero Tolerance Guide to Punctuation by Lynne Truss (brilliantly funny- a whole chapter dedicated to the apostrophe) and of course, my MiniDisc player. Of course, my mother being my mother, she forgot to buy any minidiscs and we had to wait until Boxing Day to go to Currys and get some, but we got there in the end and it's still fantastic. I got the new SoCo album aswell, it's brilliant. Mar Hon sounds... hot, to be quite honest. If he sang any of those songs to me, I would either a) melt or b) orgasm. They're just fantastic.  Tomorrow morning myself, mum, Selina, Aunty Bev, Les (mum's mate), Coral (Les's mate), Ann (Godmother) and Ellie (Ann's daughter) are heading off to Gay Paree for some New Year fun and frolics. It should be fun, as long as Bev doesn't keep going on about my dad. Here's the background to this problem: Wicked Stepmother has changed her last name from Maclean, her old married name, to Morris-King, a combination of her maiden name and Dad's last name. At the wedding, at the end of the ceremony, the registrar said "Can we have a round of applause for Mr. and Mrs. Morris-King" which is wrong, because Dad is just staying as plain old King. Of course, I made the mistake of telling Bev this story, and she's now latched on to calling him Morris King. You might laugh now, but try hearing that every ten minutes for two days straight. Not funny anymore. And of course, this week she will tell Selina this, and then she'll pick up on it, bring it back to school and then Laura will pick up on it, and you get the picture.  Ceff x   I could still be ruthless if you let me...