So much to say and I don't even know where to start.  There is noway I'll remember everything I want to say, but here is my best effort.  I'll first say you might want to save this entry to read for a time when you're really board b/c I have a feeling it's going to be a bit long.  Ok well it has been a week since I've updated and so much has happened in this week.  I guess I'll go back to Tuesday night.  This was a little crazy and hectic.  At first I met and eat dinner with Gina and then we headed to Miller time to get some beer.  A few pitchers later we were at Bellagio where boys night 3 was being carried out in beautiful fashion.  I have to say I was a little sad I couldn't partake immediatly.  Anyway she proved to be good company and then we hooked up with the crew at Exodus.  We went to Exodus to check out Fenton's new Korean girl.  She turns out to be quite the looker from what I can remember.  Exodus has a special place in my heart.  This is the a place I went on my first night out in Korea.  Literally like the 2nd or 3rd bar I went to.  This was  also the night I met Asma, Ann and Mercedes.  But as time has told, only one of them turned out to be cool and the other two were just douche bags.  At this point I think everyone but Gumi James was feeling pretty good.  When he is drunk he loses some serious steam and kind of putters out.  But I'm not ragging on him.  After Exodus we headed to The Pulse.  This place seems to have something going on b/c I've been there a whole lot lately.  Again more of the same craziness.  Gina and I split out to get some food at New Blue but by the time the food arrived she wasn't hungry and I have to say I wasn't really that hungry either.  It was really late too and we'd both had too much too drink, her more so than me.  So we didn't even touch the food and asked the waiters to send it to another table.  She was able to find a cab home easily.  Me on the other hand, well after waiting for like 20 min I went back to The Pulse to hang out some more.  We chilled a little bit.  One important aspect to note, Tim knows what the shocker is.  This made my night.  You hear that Serd, someone over here knows about the shocker.  Next we all went to try and get a cab home.  Again, nothing doing.  So it was to BB.  At this point I'm tired drunk and really just want to go home.  I chill there for a bit and then take a third stab and getting a cab.  I don't know what the deal was.  Oh I forgot to mention that it was snowing after we left Exodus so I guess there might have been ice on the road.  I decided I wouldn't be deied this time.  I just kept walking until I came to a busy intersection.  Finally a cab had to stop at a red light and I jumped in.  He said he couldn't take me to where I wanted to go for some reason, I don't know, I couldn't understand.  I sure as hell wasn't about to get out so I told him I'd give him 10k to take me there and sure enough I ended up where I needed to go.  I was so worn out it wasn't even funny.  Of note I did get my Chinese Visa and everything got set up for the trip to China.   Wed Jan 21  The problem of getting in around 6 is that even if you sleep to 12 you only got 6 hours of sleep.  Well I did alright for myself and finally got up and moving and did some laundry.  I met Hey-Sook downtown and spent the afternoon and evening with her.  It was such a relaxing day and so much fun to not have work.  I took her to my favorite pork cuttlet resteraunt and then we went shopping for a bit and got some coffee.  Next we checked out a horribly boring Korean movie that I picked out in a dvd room.  I thought it would be really good b/c I'd seen the commercials, but looks can be decieving I guess.  We then tried to go eat some raw fish but the place she wanted to go to was closed.  This of course let us to he restaurant of restaurants, WABA.  I had a really nice dinner.  She makes for really good company.  Turns out I ran into Asma, Caleb, and Jeff there.  They were on a mission to have some fun and I think they succeded.  I had to call it a night go home, pack and get some sleep.     Thurs Jan 22  Shanghai trip cast of characters Patrick O'Dowd - myself Fenton House - himself Mrs. Ahn - tour guide who couldn't speak English Brian - Korean who spoke English but wouldn't tell us his Korean name, also married into the perfect Korean family Brian's Wife - oldest in the perfect Korean family and married to Brian Son-Min - second oldest in the perfect Korean family Ju-Hyun - youngest daughter in the perfect Korean family and thought I looked like Beckham Mr. Lee - head of the perfect Korean family Mrs. Lee - Mr. Lee's wife Son-Tek - only son and youngest of the perfect Korean family Excessivly happy Chinese bus driver - drove the bus, never stopped smiling, and we think he was the father of Ju-ohn, might have smoked weed too, but we aren't sure Ju-ohn - really creepy little Chinese kid who is probably the son of the bus driver, we think he was a ghost of spirit or something like that Chinese/Korean tour guide - talked continusly for 4 days straight quiet girl #1 - only talked to quiet girl #2 quiet girl #2 - only talked to quiet girl #1 Mrs. Ahn's friend - drank beer for breakfast poor kids - tried to beg money off of us Fenton's massuse - attempted to massage Fenton's feet but really just hurt them My massuse - gave me a rocking foot massage nice employee at our first hotel - directed us to breakfast when were hopelessly lost Harry - Fenton's student at Kids Club Bob - crazy drunk American who fought for a freedom face down in the muck in "Nam" Kitty - my Chinese interest Kitty's friend - friend to Kitty Woodstock waitress - crazy ass hooker man in a hurry - kept cutting in line at Shanghai tower and kept pushing Fenton Gollum look alike - looked exactly like Gollum from Lord of the Rings Shanghai tower employee - sent us to a night district we couldn't even begin to afford nice German guy - sent us a to night district we could afford Jacob - cool guy from Denmark French guy whose name I can't remember - got made fun of by Bob and then made fun of Fenton's French A-Ram - most unique Korean I've ever, and I do mean ever, met, kept us company on the train ride home.     These are the people who made our trip so memorable and so much fun.  Fenton let me know if I left anyone out.      The insanity begins.  Up and moving at 6:00 am.  I get my stuff and walk out the door.  I'm supposed to meet Fenton at 6:30 at Dong Daegu as our train will leave at 7.  I'm of course there 5 minutes early.  So I'm waiting.  6:30 comes, no Fenton.  No big deal he is usually fashionably late.  6:35, no Fenton.  Still got plent of time, all it good.  6:40, no Fenton.  Begining to wonder what's up?  Still got time but it's rapidly ticking away.  6:45, no Fenton.  Ok now I'm actively looking for a pay phone.  Come to find out there aren't any fucking pay phones inside the train station.  To top things off I have no minutes on my cell and no change to boot.  So I make change at the PC room part of the station and head to a phone.  The change machine gave me two 500s.  And wouldn't you know it a phone doesn't except 500s.  Ok at this point I'm getting more then a little annoyed.  So I buy a pack of gum to get a couple of 100s and call.  No answer.  I wait and call again, no wanswer.  Ok it's not 6:50 and no Fenton.  The reality of having to try and get there with out Fenton is now setting in.  My train of thought is this: if he had hit a big problem he would have called me, since he hadn't called and wasn't picking up I was worried he'd slept through his alarm and through the phone, since he had the tickets I'd have to buy another but I didn't know which station we were going to, also I didn't know how to get from the train station to the airport, finally I didn't know who or where we were supposed to meet, only he did.  So basically I was going nuts.  Approximatly 6:53 Fenton made it to the train station.  I was able to breathe a huge sigh of relief.  Turns out he got in his taxi and forgot his passport so he had to go back.  But it's all good now.  We made the train and managed to make our way to the airport.  We hooked up with the right people and got it all squared away.  Turns out our guide spoke next to no English, but who cares.  At this point it is just felt great to have all our ducks in a row.  We managed to make it through security, immigration and onto the plane.  I ended up sitting next to one of the guide's friends on the plane.  I will explain why this is off note.  Our plane left around 10:40.  Well about 30-40 minutes into the flight they started serving drinks.  I saw flight attendent walk up the isle with a trey of beers and I was wondering "who the hell would want to break out a brew at this crazy hour in the morning."  As it turns out the answer was sitting right beside me.  She has a beer with her brunch which consisted of some snack sandwiches and fruit.  Fenton sat next to Son-Tek, who actually used to go to Daemyoung LIKE, but he was before my time.   Ok so we actually touched down and make it through immigration, so it should be smooth sailing from here.  We hook it up with the bus and start to roll into Shanghai.  When we first got on the bus Fenton noticed that there was lingering oder of weed on the bus.  I couldn't tell but he was sure of it.  Shortly after we noticed our bus driver seemed to be really happy.  Little did we know he is always happy.  Like the bad kids in highschool Fenton and I take the back of the bus.  At this point our Korean/Chinese tour guide started speaking.  To sum up Shanghai in one word, I think I'd have to go with massive.  This place is huge on a level I can't even begin to explain.  There are so many tall buildings it's mind blowing.  The change in archatecture from Korea was welcomed.  Apartment buildings actually looked different and modern.  Shanghai is totally different from Beijing.  First of all it was time to eat.  On these tours Koreans only like to eat Korean food but much to my surpise we had Chinese food and it was darn good.  There was even a bottle of beer too.  After dinner we had a little dancing show and some chick tied a piece of string around my wrist and said it was for good luck.  This has happened before on another trip but I'm not sure which one.  Then we went to a park that had something to do with either Koreans or Korea or something, not really sure.  What I remember the most is the translation of rules for the park.  In English one of them came out to be "no urinate or shit in the park."  Next we went to some kind of sight that was important to the Korean independence moving involving Japanese occupation.  We really couldn't understand it all.  They did have the Korean declaration of Independence.  It was a Korean tour so go figure.  We then moved and took a river cruise.  This was acutally super cool.  Speaking of cool, the weather was pretty darn cold.  The river cruise was a great way to get a feel for the city.  On one side the have the most modern of modern skyscrappers and on the other is the old industrial loading docks and buildings with Europeon archatecture.  An amazing bled of old and new.  We then had to roll out to the next city on our tour.  This was Hapzhou.  Don't worry I didn't know anything about it either and I still don't know that much.  Here we grabbed dinner and hit the hotel.  On the way here there were fireworks going off all over the place.  At dinner we met Brian and turns out he has spent time in the states and speaks English really well.  There is always a someone of the tour who speaks freaking awesome English.  This is like an unwritten law.  He was along for the ride with his wife and inlaws.  Dinner was Korean food, again there was beer.  We toured around on the bus for a little, and remember the guide hasn't stopped talking yet.  The hotel turns out to killer.  This place is just massive.  Fenton and I get checked in and then we decided to take our chances on the streets and we go for a walk.  Highlights of the walk include being accosted by a pack of little kids to wanted money and buying a pack of cigs for 300 won.  These kids were hella annoying.  At one point they were hanging off of Fenton like a jungle gym.  Stuff seemed to be really dead.  We check out a few stores but nothing much was doing.  We settled for the lobby bar and then got some sleep.  Chinese beds are really hard.    Ok I kind of messed up.  I didn't think I published my last post but apparently I did.  You guys will have to excuse the horrible spelling errors, as I didn't run spell check and was super tired. With out any more delay I'll attempt to finish.   Fri Jan 23  Up and moving early.  I didn't sleep as well I would have liked b/c for some reason I was paranoid  that we wouldn't recieve our wake up call.  But sure as shit we got it at 7:30.  We made it out to breakfast and this is where the fun began.  While drinking in the lobby last night I noticed there was a restaurant on the second floor, or so it seemed.  So I figured lets go there b/c nobody told us where breakfast was at.  Well somehow we got lost in the "employee" section of the hotel looking for this place.  This is where we ran into the "nice employee at our first hotel" who, after the initial shock of seeing two tall ass white dudes in a part of the hotel that they shouldn not have been in, kindly showed us the way to breakfast on the 16th floor.  My bad.  Stuff only gets crazier here.  So we're going in to eat and we hear someone say "teacher."  Fenton looks around and sees one of his students from Kids Club.  Ok this is a little crazy.  How did this kid in Hapzhou China, much less in the same hotel?  He must have been on some kind of similar tour or something.  Fenton thinks the kid's name was Harry, so that's what is credited as.  Breakfast here was really good.  One thing I like about these tours is getting up and moving early and eating well in the morning.  We had dumplings, noodles, rice soup and assorted other goodies.  Then it was time to bus it.  Our first stop was a lake where we took another boat tour.  On the way there and during the trip it became very obvious that this city is huge.  I think I'll look up more about it later because I'm really curious.  The little boat cruise was fun.  We ended up sitting up top with a Chinese tour group, but it was cool.  The weather was a little cold but it was tolerable.  At this point I do wish I could have understood our guide.  On all the other tours I've been on there really hasn't been a need to understand the guide b/c you always knew pretty much about the places you were going.  But now that we were off the beaten path so to speak I wish I could understood exactly why stuff was so important.  This lake was surrounded by parks temples and towers.  After getting off the boat we spotted the only group of white tourists on the entire trip.  It was big old group of old westerners.  This really isn't important other then the fact that we barely saw any other round eyes on the trip.  Well back to the bus where the driver was still happy as ever.  We then headed to shop.  I think this is right.  Fenton correct my continuity if it is wrong.  We went to some pearl place where Fenton ganked a pearl from a dead clam in bucket.  Incidently this is how package tours are able to be so cheap.  The tour company brings the tourists to these overpriced shopping centers and then they get kick-backs whenever anyone buys anything.  Well we didn't buy squat.  At this point we started to clue into the fact that the little Chinese kid on our tour was a little wierd.  Fenton coined the name "Ju-ohn" for him.  This is after the Japanese ghost movie where the ghost of a kid goes around and terrorizes people.  The kid just runs around starts talking in Chinese and then runs away.  We believe him to be the sun of the weed smoking bus driver.  Next I think we hit lunch.  Again we had beer.  But it was different kind from the others.  This shit had the worst head of any beer I've ever poured.  Literally the head would not go away, unbelieveable.  It wasn't very good either.  Lunch was kind of tough on me.  There really wasn't much I liked, only the spicy tofu saved the day for me.  Oh we always eat rice with every meal so that's what I ate with the tofu.  Here we met the rest of Brian's family which was nice.  He didn't tell us their names, just there position as they related to him.  He must have had an experiance where white people just couldn't remember Korean names.  At this point I think they kind of adopted us.   We also realized from here on that the pretty much comprised the perfect Korean family.  They were loving and cute to the point of being completely disgusting.  Always holding hands and playing and fighting all cute like with each other.  There were 3 daughters and a son.  The son was the youngest and the eldest daughter was married to Brian.  Damnit this is where I'm not exactly sure what we did next but at some point we ended up at the temple of temples.  This place was just massive.  The building and the statues were just gigantic.  There were people everywhere praying and burning incense.  Again I wish I could have understood the guide so I would have known what the hell was going on.  One thing I enjoy about touring other countries besides Korea is that you can go to places that are 100's of years old, as everything in Korea was torched by the Japanese.  We had a little time to wonder around the temple complex and then it was time hit the road.  We had to shop again, but this time it was for green tea.  Really I'm not a tea person and I can't justify spending large amounts of money of tea that just isn't all that.  We did get to see the tea fields which is a little bit cool I guess.  The lady there taught us that if you tap on the table 3 times it is the same as saying thank you.  She also had a talent for smashing tons and tons of tea leaves into a really small container.  I was impressed.  Here I sat next to Ju-ohn and his creepiness increased exponitially.  The next stop was a tower of sorts.  When I saw tower it was an old one constructed from wood.  We didn't get to go up in it as it was around 11 stories tall an of course have no elevator.  I wanted to run up and down but really we had no time.  At this point I think it was on to the next city of Suzhou.  F.Y.I. Suzhou is pronounced like Soju.  I wish I brought a bottle of Soju to drink in Suzhou, hahahahaha.  We had the option of seeing circus but we decided not to b/c it cost $20 extra bucks.  I'd already seen one in Beijing and it was cool but not that cool.  So instead we got some dinner.  Again, sat with the perfect family and again had a different type of beer.  Next was the good stuff.  We hit up a foot massage.  The place seemed a little shady, like it could have been mob associated but it turned out to be ok.  My foot massage rocked.  But I was due for one.  Last year in Beijing I got my feet butchered by this dude.  Fenton on the other hand didn't seem to fair so well.  He said the chick was a little rough with him.  But over all I think he liked it.  This is where we figured out Mr. Lee spoke some pretty decent Chinese.  I spoke what little I knew to my foot massuse but the conversation really didn't go anywhere.  But it's cool b/c I felt like a million bucks afterwards.  We then hit the hotel.  The hotel was awesome as usual but it was a little removed from the city.  We thought about heading it but it was really windy cold and we were just too far out.  Lucky for us the youngest daughter of the perfect korean family helped up figure out how to get into our room b/c I was intent on putting the key in upside down.  Instead of heading out we ordered up some beer and checked out "The Golden Child" and "Mars Attacks."     Sat Jan 24  I slept a little better tonight.  Our room so warm and cozy it was awesome.  This was such a great change from my cold ass room here.  Breakfast was good but not as good as yesterday's.  There was almost some excitement as I pulled an Asma and left my passport in the room but luckily I was able to run up and grab it.  Fenton also left his camera up there so I snagged that as well.  That could have been serious trouble.  We at and then hit the bus.  Ok stuff breaks down here a bit.  I wished I'd kept a better record of exactly what we did, when and where.  If you guys haven't been on one of these tours you can't understand, but for those of you who have you know what I'm talking about.  Anyway at this point the bus driver is still smilling and the guide has only stopped talking to sleep.  Actually we now have a new guide for this city but she talked our fucking ears off too and at one point started singing in Chinese.  Damn stuff all seems to run together.  Ok first place was some temple, garden type place.  Again not totally sure what the deal was with it but I'll figure that out later.  The only important event here is that the youngest daughter in the perfect korean family was finally pressured into talking to me by her other sisters.  Turns out here English is really darn good.  Actually they all speak English well.  They are very representative of the new generation of Koreans who can really speak some English.  Turns out she is a fist year German major at the University closest to my work.  She really looks like her middle sister also, so much to the point we thought they might be twins.  Anyway this day is kind of hazy.  I'll have to get Fenton to help me figure out exactly what went on when and where.  We then hit up a temple which I didn't and still don't know anything about.  Man it was bitter cold here that's what I remember.  There really wasn't that much going on here.  I think at some point we ate lunch.  Again beer.  Chinese beer really isn't that bad.  Next place was a temple place with a leaning tower and canals.  This place is apparently the Italy of China.  Marco Polo lived in the city for seven years or something like that.  I think this is most of what went on.  We did have to go shopping at a silk place.  This wasn't too bad but I did have to sit next to Ju-ohn again.  Fenton brought an interesting idea concerning him.  What if he really wasnt' a creepy ghost but like some kind of prophet who was spouting off the secrest of the universe and we only thought he was crazy.  Always a possibility.  We saw fashion show in which Chinese girls showcased silk products that we could buy.  I think Korean women look a lot better then Chinese women.  I'm pretty sure this isn't just my opinion but really a fact.  In general I think Koreans are more attractive then Chinese.  Well the koreans went nuts when they saw the silk worm larva that they usually eat during the tour of the silk factory.  They ended up buying a ton of silk blankets.  Finally we got to head back to Shanghai.  I made a bold statement to Asma before I left.  I said that if I didn't get to go up into Shanghai tower that the trip would be a failure.  So I was pretty anxious to get back and get moving.  Of course we hit some killer traffic at this communist toll booth and we lose almost an hour before they figure things out.  But we finally made it through.  Now we're back in the massive city they call Shanghai.  Here we end up at an imperial garden or something.  The place was cool but not nearly as cool as getting there.  We had to traverse through mobs of Chinese and I think I know what cattle feel like now.  I really thought we were going to lose someone on our tour.  Next dinner, and of course beer.  This time it was Japanese Shya-boo Shay-boo.  This is where there is boiling broth and you dump stuff in that you want to cook.  It was good but not really filling.  Of course we sat with the family again.  At this point I should explain that there are two girls on our tour who to this point haven't spoken to anyone but each other.  They were the epitome of Korean shy.  I asked them if they spoke English after dinner and I didn't even get a "no" just a wave of the hand that I took for a negative. Ok now we're to the best part of the trip.  After dinner we had free time and Fenton and I broke off from the group.  We hand 3 goals: 1) go to and go up in Shanghai tower 2) eat and McDonald's 3) find a cool part of town to go out.  Literally the bus dropped us off in the middle of Shanghai.  We don't speak the language, we don't know where our hotel is, we did have the guide write it down for us in Chinese, and we didn't know exactly where we were going.  And I'm tired so I'll end it at this.  Note, still no spell check or proof reading.  Tune in tomorrow.    Ok it is time to finish this monstrosity of a post. No shit, there we were, in the middle of Shanghai.  We had the guide write down the name of the TV tower so we finally managed to grab a cab and he took us right there.  I love Chinese taxis, they are cheap and the driver is protected by this glass that goes only around his seat, so someone can sit in the front.  Well we made it to the tower without a hitch and decided to head up to the top.  There are different levels so you have to choose which one to go to and pay accordingly.  Well if you're going to do it you might as well do it right.  Well we did it right but it sure as hell took long enough.  It took us nearly an hour and a half to make it to the tippy top.  In hindsight I have to say maybe I'd have gone to the level below it if I'd known it was going to take so damn long.  But what's done is done and it all worked out for the best.  There were several interesting characters we encountered in the tower.  The first I noticed was guy  that looked like Gollum from Lord of the Rings.  Now I'm not trying to make fun of this guy or be mean but really this dude looked exactly like him.  It was a little uncanny.  Next was this complete dick who just kept cutting in line.  People would be waiting and he'd just bust up through.  This guy was a dick weed.  At some point he cut in front of us and kept cutting.  This annoys me b/c I'm more or less helpless as I can't really say anything to him.  But as fate would have it he had to be first and he was the first to pile onto an elevator and the last to get off so then we were back in front.  But it wasn't over yet.  He managed to wiggle his way back up behind us but Fenton and I made a pact to not let this dumbass pass us again.  At one point he was right behind Fenton and had his hand on his back pushing him.  What a jerk.  Anyway the top was cool and it was good to finally get there.  Shanghai is just beautiful at night.  And sure enough we had to wait in line to get back down to the first floor.  This time it was pretty quick so no complaints.  But before we headed down I asked one of the employees if she'd be nice enough to suggest a part of town so that we could grab a drink.  Sure enough she did and once down we caught another taxi and were on our way.  The ride was cool b/c we got to go under the river again.  Well we arrived, but I can't say this was the part of town we were exactly looking for.  There were bars and restaurants and places to hang, but she had sent us the most bling bling part of Shanghai, or so it seemed.  But this was really a blessing in disguise.  While looking around we spotted a McDonald's that was still open and we were able to get out western fast food fix that only McDonald's could supply.  Fenton being the thoughtful Romeo that he is came up with the bright idea to buy a kids meal in order to get the Nemo toy to take back to Jung-nam since finding Nemo was the first movie they saw together.  Man that's some brownie points.  The Chinese girls seemed to like the fact he was carrying around a Nemo box for the rest of the night also.  Ok so we ate, got our picture taken with the Communist Ronald and then it was off to find some where that we could actually afford.  Our plan, to find a white person who knew what was going on and ask them.  Well our savior came in the form of a German who was nice enough to get us to where we needed to go.  He seemed to know what was going on and spoke some killer English and sent us to the part of town where most the forgieners hang out.  Turns out he knew what he was talking about cause this was what part of town we were looking for.  It really wasn't that big but there were bars on either side of the road for about 200 yards or so.  We gave it a walk down and then decided on a bar called Woodstock.  As Fenton said "you can't go wrong with Woodstock."  The bar was pretty good actually but we ended up with a nutty waitress.  She sat down, told us we were handsome and asked if we wanted to meet later.  For what, I'm not exactly sure but we politely declined and got some beers.  I wish there was a bar I could compare it to here, the closest would be the old upstairs GR.  So we finished our first beer and I was ready to roll.  So I hit the can, but when I came back they were busting out some Def Leppard so we decided to have one more.  They busted out like 4 songs in a row, this was a nice treat seeing as how I'm a DL fan.  So after the second beer it was time for a change in venue.  Fenton had observed a lot of action across the street at a place called the Blue Frog.  So, to the Blue Frog it was.  Now I think it was about 1 am when we walked in, give or take.  This is where all the out of towners chilled, or at least a lot of time.  It was pretty much packed but we managed to grab some stools in the corner of the bar.  That was good, but there was lingering stench of puke, that was bad.  Fenton says he thinks it's b/c of dirty dishes or something, I'm not sure.  I couldn't find any puke around us, and the smell would kind of come and go so, go figure.  Either way it wasn't that bad.  This place took a turn for the better when we found out they had Beck's on tap.  Better yet you got them in pints and they were pretty cheap.  So now we're at a cool place with good beer at a good price.  Fenton was on the inside and next to the wall so it was my job to mingle and find out where to head next.  So I talked to a guy named Jacob from Denmark.  This dude's English was borderline perfect.  He was haning out with French guy whose name I can't remember.  They were both cool.  Of course they had only been in town 2 weeks and didn't know anything.  Well then Bob showed up.  They were talking to him and I hadn't wanted to get involved b/c Bob was old and really drunk so I waited til he hit the can.  But like a boomerang he came back.  But he turned out to be grade A number 1 entertainment.  Bob was probably pushing 60, drunk and in town to build stores for Giorgio Armani, or so he said.  He was from NY so we talked baseball for a little.  He did buy the next round of beer so I have to say that put a much better light on things.  Then he started laying into the French guy about stuff like WWII.  He started talking about how he wanted to by a French gun that was never fired b/c they only retreated and didn't fight.  What a quack.  Throughout our time there I'd made eye contact with a Chinese girl on the other side of the bar.  She had a friend and I tried to get Fenton to fly wingman with me and talk to the friend buit he wasn't having it.  So after enough guy talk I ditched them and went to say hello.  This turned out to be a good move as she spoke a hell of a lot better English than I think she should have.  Really her English is better than most English teachers in Korea and she says she wasn't an English major.  I don't know, nor do I care.  Her English name was Kitty, who gave her this name?  Anyway she was really cool and pretty to boot.  Her friend spoke English as well and I she like Jacob.  I tried to pull the hook up but he wasn't having it.  I hung out with here for the rest of our time there.  During this time I met a ton of people and realized that the make up of forgieners in Shanghai is totally different from that of Daegu.  I didn't meet one English teacher.  Everyone there was on business and they were all European.  There were a lot of French out that night.  I must have met half a dozen.  While I was chatting away Fenton attempted to explain the word "giver" to Jacob and the French guy.  I'm not sure they understood.  At some point Bob left, but not before that he fought for everyones' freedom face down in the muck in nam.  He again beat up on the French guy talling him that the best thing they did was get it on in Vietnam with the girls b/c the French-Vietnamese women were just super hot.  I bought his next round but he barely touch it before leaving.  I hope someone drank it, I think they did.  I missed this part of the conversation for aforementioned reasons.  We were rolling along having a great time and then Fenton clues me in that it's 4 in the morning.  Damn, where did the time go.  Well I had to say my good-byes to Kitty.  We swapped e-mails and numbers.  In fact I just recieved an e-mail from her today.  It figures, you met someone on the only night you're in a city.  Oh well.  So we're pretty not sober and this point.  We have no clue where our hotel is.  All we have is the name and location of it written down.  Essentially we're at the mercy of the cab driver.  I love honest cabbies.  This guy did us right.  He got us home in no time flat.  Better yet we got to go across this monster suspension bridge.  So we made it to the hotel, which was of course badass, we managed to get out key and go up for about 2.5 hours of sleep.  The mother fucking end.  I think.  No spell check, it'll take too long.  My spelling is horrible I know but hopefully you were able to figure out what the hell I was saying.