Just because you've got jesus in your heart doesn't mean you can't have something else in (or on) your crotch.     urlLink Big Church  has invaded my consciousness via their ads on hotmail.  The site looks non-denominational, but they all seem to agree that there are only two types of daters:  Men seeking women and, you guessed it, women seeking men.  I'm not particularly surprised by this, but coupled with the service's recent prominence, I can't help if this is an elaborate gambit in the culture wars.  This is probably as good a time as any to say that girls who talk about God as more than a philosophical conundrum scare me.  I don't care how attractive they are.  I think it all goes back to my sunday school teacher when I was fourteen who was undeniably gorgeous, and not just in that dressed in white, "if only she would take off her glasses and loosen up" way.  This was not some fetishization of innocence, purity, virginity or virtue: this woman was hot as a habanero and she knew it.  This was the early 90s so she dressed like a Pearl Jam fan; velvet, corduroy, flannel and other grungy fabrics available at Caldors or Bradlees, but also illustrious blonde hair, short skirts (really) and red lipstick.  This girl would have been at home on  urlLink MTV's The Grind .  We all had big crushes on her, and she even flirted with us.  She was very touchy-feely, and maybe it is her fault that for the next four years I was entirely unable to pick up physical cues from girls that they were interested in me (Really.  I knew my sunday school teacher wasn't going to sleep with me, so when other girls rubbed my arm and laughed at my jokes like she did, I had trouble thinking it meant very much.)   I know this all sounds peachy and nostalgic, but herein lies the rub: despite her jezebel-for-Jesus nature, she also talked incessantly about demons, eternal damnation, and attrition.  She talked about Jesus the way sex-deprived women sometimes talk about chocolate.  She alternately creeped us out and turned us on and it wasn't long before this got confusing and, well, guilt-ridden.