quite tired; I've been working on an essay about this ancient greek guy named Heraclitus.  He's the one who said "you can never step into the same river twice."  My essay is about strife.  Heraclitus thought that war and strife, at least in a metaphorically speaking, are necessary, just, good, and beautiful.  Strife shows that some people are mortals and other immortal, some free and others slave.  I believe this to an extent; we only know our worth when we have been tested by some sort of struggle.  We are presented with obstacles in our lives.  Sometimes we overcome the obstacle, and prove our self-mastery and freedom.  Othertimes, we fail, and we demonstrate that we are not really in control of our lives.  Some people seem to be the masters of their own lives; in control of their actions and thoughts, and usually making wise decisions.  Others seem to live reactionary lives; they keep muttering about all the things that have happened to them and how they can't do anything about it.  Its the difference between asking,  "how is life treating you? (reactionary, slave assumption)" and "how are you treating life, (assuming freedom, self-mastery)."  Anyways, its midnight and I'm debating whether to stay up and slog through the paper, even though I am tired, or go to sleep and work tomorrow before class.  This is an example of strife.  Either option could be prudent, and if conducted properly, will facilitate the creation of an excellent paper.  But both could potentially be mistakes as well.  If I stay up, and yet am distracted because of my weariness, I will produce no paper and get little sleep, ensuring that I will not be fully aware and capable for the new challenges of tomorrow; but if I go to sleep, I will have to finish writing the essay entirely tomorrow along with the other stuff, which may not happen.  Two choices are given here, each with two likely methods of conduct (one negative, one positive), thus there are four general camps of conclusions that I could be in tomorrow.  Now I must choose and blah blah blah.  That is only useful and interesting to a point.  Just got a call from Suzy Iburg out of the blue, a girl that is 5 years my junior and grew up in the house next to me.  Haven't seen her in a long time; she needs help with a political philosophy paper on Plato's Republic, I guess.  I enjoy this sort of thing.    ok...tired, not going to bed, and clearly distracted.  I'm going to work on the paper now.  I've decided on a moderate choice; I'll make some progress on the paper now, get some good sleep, then tomorrow, print it off, make corrections, retype, and present on thursday.  Can't forget the test on thursday, and the discussion group that I will be a moderator for as well...its on individualism vs. citizenship.    I found out that I will likely be going to Atlanta during the last week of April with some professor for a professional workshop.  Neat-o.  I need to learn to write shorter posts.  That's what I told my friend Amy, but she knows me too well, and thus has no faith in my goal.  Good night.