so, i must say, for hating telemarketing with a passion, today was relatively decent... mostly because i have the most awesome boss ever!  the short version: "hi, this is lara calling from cotton grower magazine... do you still want to recieve our free publication for the coming year?  are you a grower or a ginner?  how many acres of cotton do you have for production?  how many bales did you harvest last year?  we're weird and are required by law to ask random questions: what's your mother's middle name?" multiply by 250, and you have my day.  on the other hand, allow me to describe my work situation ;-)... i work for  SD4JC , a memphis business that consists entirely of my boss, and then me and this other girl ashley (ashley's same age as me) that help carolyn (my boss) out on occasion... she works out of her house with her 5 year old kid playing around all day... one large bedroom of the house is just set up with 5 large desks and 4 computers and a dry erase board for work.  benefits: it's just me and my boss, so no business casual to worry about, just whatever we feel like showing up in for the day... my boss hates outbound calling as much as me, so we take a break like every hour on the hour to run around the house... she makes me lunch for free, and i'm free to use her pool after work if i'd like.  no complaints on that!  now, i have data entry to do tonight at my leisure... extra $$ -- again no complaints here!  in conclusion, phone calling quotes of the day:  (it was great b/c we called alabama and arkansas people today and i had to pick up a drawl quick to be understood by some of them, which i do subconsciously... still haven't quite figured out how that works... but party and a half :-P)  the quotes:  me: or, I can talk to someone else in the family. callee: no you can't -- no one else here wants to talk to you. (click)  me: hi, may i speak to (insert name) wife of person i was supposed to call: honey, he's a farmer; he don't come inside.  me: how many bales of cotton does your husband have for production this year? callee: sure as heck i dunno -- a LOT of it!  me: so, to verify that i talked to you and renewed your subscription over the phone, our auditing bureau requires that we ask an identifying question: what's your mother's middle name? callee: oh, i know that one!  last time it was "what color are your husband's eyes?" and i felt silly that i sure didn't know!  time to get back to work ;-P  later dudes!