Today, one of my fellow teachers said, "Girl, your hair is getting so long!"...please tell me, what was I supposed to say???? I mean, this is a thing that is unique to the African-American girl. I guess longer hair is so unusual in our demographic that it places some special value on it. I mean, I've never had short hair, and I'm letting mine grow longer, but I didn't know that warranted a compliment from somebody--after which I'm supposed to make a reply! I've heard some of my other sisters reply "thank you," but I have made a concerted effort not to do so--what am I thanking you for?? For telling me my hair is getting longer? I dunno, that just seems like placing this huge emphasis on long (or even "good") hair over shorter hair--which is more common among my fellow BAPS- (Black American Princesses). LOL, I know to some this seems so stupid, but I guess you have to know the culture to feel me--I'm just not going to try to perpetuate any more of what society is telling my folx is "beauty".  I don't know what happened to me today, but I suddenly decided to stop worrying. I decided that what will unfold will unfold, whether I like it or not and whether I stress about it or not. I have been protecting myself for so long that I don't know how NOT to be in defense mode. But the thing I must realize is that by constantly surrounding myself with armor, I will (albeit unintentionally) be blocking the TRUE me from view.----So, my question is this: in light of the praying about this situation as part of my quest in understanding and learning more about God, could it be that He is answering me by giving me this peace? I mean, someone once told me that if I wasn't sure about God, to try praying and asking him to guide me. I wonder...   So, this week we are back at work fixing up our classrooms. I love that. Sometimes I think the darn decorating is one of my favorite parts of teaching! I really get to put my creativity to use during that time. I have so many goals and dreams for this year. I can't wait to start. It's wonderful knowing that you've chosen the right profession!  I've always believed in letting all those around me know how I feel, in case I or they should suddenly be taken away...I think that tonight I'll add on to that: I'm going to learn how to take risks--not stupid ones--but risks in faith. I'm going to learn how to put trust in tomorrow by living and loving the heck(coulda used a stronger word-lol) out of today! There's nothing, NOTHING to stop me from having my world; I'm a good person and ready to be a good person to everyone that I can be. Whew! I just gave myself quite a tall order--time to drink up!