GREAT MOMENTS IN BLOG HISTORY  Jun 23, 1998 - Alberta, Canada - Edwin Soboda successfully creates the first "blog." Soboda, a grocery store employee, brainstorms and invents a forum for his personal thoughts as well as a venue in which to sell dented cans on-line. At the time, the "blog" goes under a different moniker: the "web log." Soboda makes about fifty dollars selling dented cans, but is credited as the creator of the blog. Says Soboda, "I really thought I could make a lot of money selling dented cans."  Jan 17, 1999 - Des Moines, IA - After a near-brush with death while walking at night on railroad tracks, Des Moines TV personality Jacob Anderson creates the first "celebrity blog," or, as it is called at the time, "celebrity log." Anderson chronicles his daily thoughts, ideas, dreams, funny TV stories, fears about the impending "Y2K" Crisis, and attempts at finding love with another Mormon in Iowa. Though the web site will shut down in about six months, Anderson paves the way for such revolutionary celebrities as SCRUBS star Zach Braff and former Cars leadman Ric Ocasek.  July 27, 2001 - Los Angeles, CA - Following two years of uneventful activity in the new-fangled world of "web logs," TV Producer Jerry Merle accidentally refers to the very popular "web log" of Ric Ocasek as a "blog." Since Merle is a very well known among celebrity gossip columnists, he leaks the news to the press. The next week, the LOS ANGELES STAR has as its headline: BLOGS SWEEPING THE NATION. Interest in Blogs rises for the next two months. Two years later, Merle would enter a witness protection program under the assumed identity of Robin Fitz in an undisclosed location (Joliet, IL).  August 8, 2003 - Des Moines, IA - Harve Brackett, a Des Moines corn farmer, uses his blog for scientific purposes. He successfully tests for growth in corn and notes the findings on his blog - titled "POPCORN! TEN THINGS YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT HARVEY B!" Harve successfully helps two farmers, one of whom was not his brother, with the scientific queries found on his blog. When asked about his contribution to blog culture and technology, Brackett noted, "I'm just a normal guy." Brackett was supposedly turned on to the idea of blogs by his friend, motivational speaker and former TV personality Jacob Anderson.  July 27, 2004 - Andrew Black opens his soon-to-be successful blog, ANDYTOWN. There are many questions, anticipations, and questions about the new blog but a previously inexperienced blogger. Black comments that his interest was piqued after he saw a documentary on blogs on HGTV. He hadn't planned to watch it, but it came on after the show where they give tips for vintage video games. As the blog community awaits, Black prepares a blog that is both unique and indistinct.