Perception.....is it a deception?   Sun Dec 19 22:32:46 1999   So I got my nose pierced earlier this year, before school started..not because I wanted to come across as a rebel or anything, but because I had wanted to get my nose pierced for the longest time. But the only thing a lot of people say to me is that I did it because I'm rebellious. I personally don't care that people would say that to me, but I think that what people say is pretty stupid too. Yes again, I may sound repetitive, since most of my postings are on this issue, but people need to stop juding others by what others look like. So what if I have my nose pierced..that does not make me rebellious! It's the perception or stigma of it that's attached to nose piercings in the US that causes others to think that I did it to be a rebel. But in reality if people knew me, they'd know I'm no where near a rebel... I know that the first impression is usually done by one's appearance, when he/she meets someone. While most will stop at that, and sometimes judge others by just that (bad bad thing to do), what people should do is go beyond that. Yes it does take more time to actually have a person open up, and yes it takes time to see what a person is from the inside but in the long run it's a better 'impression' of the person based on who they are, rather than what he/she looks like.  Sure in this society you do give others an impression of who you are by the way you are (how you dress, look like, etc), but that, from my perspective, is pretty stupid...People should dress the way they want to, I don't mean, dressing naked-sure it might be someone's way, but I'm strictly talking about clothing here, since clothing is a norm, and not dressing at all is against the norms in society. I'm not promoting rebellion, but just saying that people should just start doing things their way which are in the norm of society, but yet are not soo restricted, that the person whose doing whatever is only doing it to please others..BE Yourself, not what others want you to be LIKE! :)   *I hope I made sense there!