Garthwaite has luck on his side This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press on Monday, August 4, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ LANCASTER - Jay Garthwaite is a lucky man.  According to him, he's been lucky exactly 18 times this year. The latest instance occuring when he cast the decisive blow in Sunday night's game, blasting his 18th home run of the season and driving in five runs including the go-ahead run in Lancaster's 8-4 victory over the High Desert Mavericks at The Hangar.  "I just got lucky," said Garthwaite.  If that's the case, with the season Garthwaite is having, it would not be surprising to find his locker stuffed with four-leaf clovers and rabbit's feet.  Garthwaite has turned the Cal League home run leaderboard into a three Hawk race.  Lancaster's Kyle Nichols heads the list with 24 homers, followed by teammates Dan Uggla, 21, and Garthwaite.  "I have no chance of catching these guys," Garthwaite said.   He will if he continues on his current tear, smacking a homer in each of the past two games.  "I just got lucky," Garthwaite repeated.  His teammates laughed after hearing the comment.  "That's not luck," one teammate yelled from across the lockerroom.  If anybody could have used some luck on Sunday, it was High Desert pitcher Chad Petty, who entered the game leading the entire minor leagues in losses with 12.  The Mavericks took an early lead. Chris Morris walked to lead off the game, then scored on a stolen base, a sacrifice bunt and Scott Candelaria's ground ball.  In the second inning, Johnny Raburn scored on an infield single by Ozzie Chavez giving the Mavericks a 2-0 lead  Petty set the first six JetHawks down in order but in the third, after Mike DiRosa doubled, Petty got two quick outs, before walking three consecutive batters. Garthwaite's bases-loaded walk forced in DiRosa making it 2-1. Petty struck out Steve Neal with the bases-loaded to escape further trouble.  The Mavericks got two more runs after Danny Richar booted Frolian Villanueva's ground ball and Raburn tripled him. Raburn scored on Jeremy Frost's groundout increasing their lead to 4-1.  In the fourth, the Mavericks got a scare in the when Kyle Nichols lined a shot off Petty's right leg. Petty fell to the ground, but got up and stayed in the game.  After walking the bases-loaded, then allowing a run to score on Richar's fielder's choice, Petty was lifted from the game.  High Desert reliever Danny Stout retired Dan Uggla to end the inning and the JetHawks stranded three runners for the second consecutive inning, but cut the lead to 4-2  Garthwaite hit his three-run homer in the sixth. It was his seventh home run against High Desert.  The home run was part of a four-run sixth inning for the JetHawks, which included a triple by Jason Gorman and a run-scoring triple by Richar. When it was done, the JetHawks led 6-4.  Lancaster added two runs in the eighth as Garthwaite and Steve Neal singled in runs.  Petty was not saddled with the loss, avoiding his 13th of the season for a Mavericks squad that has fallen to 10-33 in the second half of the season.  The JetHawks improve to 20-24 inthe second half, 59-55 overall, four games behind Lake Elsinore in the wild-card hunt.  Notes:  Jaime Jones was held out of Sunday's game for the second game in a row. Jones suffered a concussion in Friday's game versus High Desert. He is expected to play on Tuesday. ...Charlie Griffen was placed on the DL with an unspecified injury.   This was cut from the story.  it was my favorite part.  A half an hour before the start of Sunday's game at The Hangar, the stadium fire alarm went off. Flashing lights and a beeping alarm threatened to delay the evening's contest. The fire detection system identified that an incident had occurred in the visitor's clubhouse. Shortly thereafter, Ronald McDonald was seen walking briskly from the area in question. A fire truck rushed to the scene. Medical personal were dispatched. Local authorities conducted an investigation, after which the true culprit was apprehended. The rogue coffee pot was taken into custody and was unavailable for comment.