Schizophrenia and Kamran Nature  Today was the "Student Achievement Conference" at BSU.  My parents flew up to Bemidji yesterday for the event, as I gave a presentation about strife, passion, and overcoming.  Overall, I was happy with the presentation, but I am still not entirely comfortable giving speeches in front of a group.  Its getting much better, though.  Two years ago, I gave a presentation about how we can use our understanding of the nature of mathematics to help us understand the nature of God.  I had a lot to say, and I managed to finish the entire thing in about seven minutes, because I spoke too quickly.  This time, I didn't have nearly enough time.  From what I gather, though, the audience enjoyed it (even Kvale, although I'm sure he has his problems with it.  I haven't talked to him about it.).    The last few days have been exhausting, and it wasn't entirely due to the preparation for the presentation.  We had a seven hour philosophy club on Monday.  The most interesting thing that occurred there was the social tensions that were disclosed between a few individuals.  They are in a complex relationship with one another, full of both love and anger bonds, that can manifest in different ways depending on the environment and current moods.  This time, it seemed especially volatile, but I think it will pass (It probably already has).  My parents were able to meet both friends and professors of mine.  Tuesday night, Dave Hanson, Eric Kvale, and Professor Brian Donovan joined us.  The situation was odd for me; I clearly have different worlds that I have lived in...My parents were most prevalent for my younger years, and Bemidji inhabitants are currently the prevalent ones. (That is not to say that the parents are less loved, or ejected from my life, but the role has changed.)  Anyways, whenever one is trying to understand a particular subject, one must understand it internally as well as externally in order to have a more comprehensive understanding; ie, through its  relationships  in its environment.  This applies to a person as well as it does to a piece of a puzzle.  What this means, is that I am, to some degree, understood by others, and myself, in part by my environment.  When individuals from two different environments come into contact, while I am present, it's as if there are two different identities of  Kamran  present; that I am living as, or dwelling through, two  different  Kamrans.  It is an enriching experience, but clearly an uncomfortable one.    This schizophrenic feeling occurred at different times while they were here; Bemidji is so small, that it was an almost constant experience.  The most challenging bit was when Professors Kit Christensen and David Lund treated my parents and I to coffee, and carried on a long conversation.  Fortunately, we talked politics; that is easier than talking about personal things.  Still, each group of people would describe me in an entirely different way if they were pressed to do so; the individual that the professors react towards is not phenomenally, or experientially, the same individual as my parents were react towards.  I was essentially being pressured into either being two different individuals at once, becoming someone new, picking one (and thus disrupting the experience of either profs or parents), or not acting at all.  Unfortunately, I think that I was none at all.    After reading my previous post about being an artist, Kvale criticized me as merely not knowing who I was.  The same criticism could be made from this post even more easily.  I think he is wrong.  By saying that I don't know who I am, one is implying that there is some unchanging "essence" of Kamran; that there is a "Kamran Nature" that I am ignorant of.  If I was constantly changing, then who I am changes; what I understand Kamran to be changes; and my experience demonstrates that I  am  a changing individual.  It does make sense to say that I am two different individuals to two different people, at the level of experience, of what is given.  This has suddenly become an interesting topic.  I'm going to write a paper on it, so if anyone has any relevant thoughts or comments, bring'em on.