This has been a much better weekend.  Friday night and last night were just good pure Daegu fun.  My night started a little slow as I was supposed to meet some people at the Commune around nine but they didn't actually show up until 10:30.  But all was forgiven as the beer drinking began.  I almost started drinking by myself but luckily I decided against it.  An hour and a half of lonely drinking would have left me rip roaring drunk.  The Commune was fun.  I met Jesus, not really, but the guy that looks like him.  It was at The Commune that I realized my voice was really really messed up from all the singing on Fri.  That sucked, there is nothing like being in a social situation with stuff to say but literally not being able to say it.  Matters only got worse as the night progress as far as my voice went.  I think it was b/c we kept going to loud places where I had to speak louder.  But voice or no voice Andy supplied me with a yo-yo that he absconded from a student and that made my night.  I haven't really yo-yoed in a long time and that was a lot of fun.  I still have the yo-yo which I plan to give back but I really thought I'd see him later on that night, but I didn't.  Unfortunately I wasn't able to hear anything Caleb said all night b/c his shirt was so loud.  It was this shiny copper shirt that ending up making for a great conversation piece.  From The Commune an ill fated effort was made to go to Mojo's, but our advanced scout Potato Dave said it was a bust.  Of course that left Gypsy Rock.  Now days I wonder which place is more happening, Gypsy Rock or the Funkaholic.   In Gypsy Rock I met up with John from Yale.  It turns out he is having some problems with his Korean girlfriend who is friends with my Korean ex-friend.  So we got to swap stories and complain.  He then went and made out with his boss who is really hot.  Geez I hope I never have to make out with Mrs. Lee.  I danced a little in the cage with Andrea.  She can really get down and boogie, me, I'm just white.  There was then an effort made to go get food.  Potato Dave thought he was eating with Asma alone, but turns out that wasn't the case and then he got mad and left.  Not shortly after I left too.  I really couldn't speak and was getting a little pooped.  I enjoyed ramen at the LG25 near my house.   Onto today.  I just got out of Once Upon a Time in Mexico.  I can't say it was good, in fact it was really pretty bad but it was entertaining.  The movie didn't make a whole lot of sense.  It was just Mexicans killing each other for about 2 hours.  I met Asma, Becky, and Brian for lunch.  We went to Fresco.  Peter showed up a little later.  Fresco get a thumbs down.  It was pricey and the serving of spaghetti I got was for a baby.  I'm fucking hungry as I type.  Maybe I'll get some hot squid rice later.  But the company was fun.  My voice still sounds like Darth Vader as Asma kindly put it.  Poor Brian, this dude has been sick since he got here and doesn't seem to be having such a good time.  I tried to give him some pointers about that part of town, hope it helps.   On a completely unrelated note I'm beginning to really hate this site called friendster.  I keep trying to log on and do stuff but it takes forever to load and do anything.  Why does this site hate me?  I'm on a different computer every time I access it so it isn't like it's an isolated event.  I did get my cell phone back from Asma along with the other goodies like the extra battery and charger.  She did some pretty cool stuff with it like program people's names and get caller ID.  Props for that, I was too lazy.