--Your Favorite--     Hair Color::  blonde or light brown     Eye Color::  blue     (Their)Music Genre Preference::  whatever they like works for me     Height(estimate)::  6 footish     Age::  17-22      Personality Type::  humorous and sensitive      --This or That--     Older or Younger::  older!     Romantic or Horndog::  romantic     Smart or Stupid::  smart, but not the type that enjoys making me look stupid     Fat or Skinny::  i hate the word fat.. it sounds so bad lol.. i prefer chubby boys     Skinny but Muscular or Big and Muscular::  big and muscular     Punk or Preppy::  punk     The Big Picture or the Little Things::  the little things     Flowers/Candy or Big Expensive Present::  i can't have both? that sucks.. haha.. i'd rather have some cutesy stuffed animal.. is that in the flowers/candy category?      Mixtape or Burned CD::  burned cd     Love or Lust::  love     Emotional or Just Not::  emotional but not a crier      Sincere or Jokester::  i like both as long as he's tactful     Hott and mean or Ugly and sweet::  ugly and sweet     Sexy or Just "cute"::  cute     Arse or Abs::  abs i guess... bellies are so hott especially happy trails..  lol      Hair or Hands::  hands are so hott.. equal to bellies..     Dimples or Eyes::  eyes     Biceps or Calves/Thighs::  biceps i guess     Teeth or Nose(some people are just wierd) ::  haha.. teeth.. he has to have nice teeth.. and as far as the nose goes omg it can't be big..     Clean Shaven or Scruffy::  clean shaven     Rugged or Prim and Proper::  rugged     Countryboy or Cityboy:  haha.. i like both..     Date alone or With Friends:  depends, if i'm horny.. alone.. haha.. but when it comes to just having fun it can be alone or with ppl, i don't date anyone i can't have fun with     Mama's Boy or Rebel Without A Cause::  rebel but he better love his momma and respect mine      --Have You Ever--     Dumped a guy because he liked you too much::  no     Loved a guy because he stalked you::  HAHA BRANDON!! i don't love him tho.. it's just funny     Loved a guy because he hated you::  i don't think so     Asked your friend's crush out::  if i have it was an accident     Lead a guy on for kicks::  yes, and i feel bad about it.. but it was and still is kinda funny     Asked a guy out purely because he was hott::  no     Flirted with guys even though you had a boyfriend::  i don't mean to! but occasionally it happens     Lied about not having a boyfriend::  nope i always tell a guy if i'm involved     Lied about having one::  yes but only to make the guys i don't like back off     Cheated::  yes.. but it was on Brandon so does that really count? lol     Been Cheated on::  i'm sure brandon cheated on me, and lang too lol     Had a crush on a gay guy::  yes, Jason, and Ray Ray (but he was bi does that count as being gay?)      --Their Clothing(yes/no)--     Boxers?::  yes     Briefs?::  no (boxer briefs YES)     Hat?::  i would be shot if i said no haha.. so YES!!      Skater Shoes?::  maybe..     Pimp Shoes?::  maybe..     Band Shirts?::  yes     Vintage shirts?::  yes     Southpole/um..other thug clothes..?::  no     Dixie Outfitters/Big Johnsons?::  i     Independent/DC?::  don't     Skavenger/UGP?::  really     Fox/Thor?::  care     Jeans or Shorts?::  jeans      --Be Honest--     Would you ever date a guy for his money?::  no, i usually date the unemployed ones.. lol     Would you ever date a guy for his social status?::  no, i'm usually cooler then them anyway.. haha     Have you ever liked hanging out with your bf's friends more than him?::  yes! Colby and Michael both had awesome friends, and i still talk to Michael's friend Shelly! she's awesome     Have you ever pretended to like somebody to make them feel better?:  yes     Have you called a girl a whore, when you were screwing lots of guys?::  define "lots of guys" lol..     Do looks matter?::  occasionally     Are you honestly scared of being dumped?::  yes     Does size matter?::  no     Do you avoid 'situations' with ugly guys?::  no     Are you ashamed to be seen with your ugly friends?::  aww that's so sad lol.. no i love all my friends pretty or ugly     Are you ashamed for being ashamed?(you better be)::  lol.. yes i'm ashamed.. i'm going to hell     Do you hide things from your crushes/guy friends/bf?::  nope, i have nothing to hide, we all make our mistakes, if they want to know something they just have to ask     Do you lie about masturbation for attention or false innocence?::  wtf? i don't ever talk about it with anyone, but in case you want to know and just don't want to ask, i don't do it because i get bored lol not because i want to look innocent     Do you really want a guy to say if those jeans make your butt look fat?::  not no but HELL NO, he better tell me i look hott no matter what     Are you dissapointed when your bf doesn't say I love you right away?::  having a guy look me in the eyes and say "i like you so much" or something like that  means so much more to me then yelling out I LOVE YOU on the first date     Wanna be a virgin till marriage?:  i'm gonna go with.. no.. lol     Do you really love the guys everytime that you say it?:  no.. there have only been 2 guys that i can say i loved (you should know who you are.. if there's any question then you're stupid and i don't love you anymore..haha jk)     Do you dream about your crushes/bfs/guy friends?::  it happens.. and i'll give details to any who ask!      Would you makeout with a guy friend just to get it over with/curiosity?::  i highly doubt it, but i never say never     Does this survey suck nuts?:  this kept me entertained for awhile.. thank you      urlLink Ultimate Opposite Sex Survey (for girls)  brought to you by  urlLink BZOINK!