So, the last few days I have been able to spend a good deal of time with AbbieDabbie.  It has been nice for both of us, in general.  There have been times, like this morning, that she tries to pout to get her way or that she is totally Drama-Queen and it really gets to me, but hey, she's still growing up.  She has quite a bit to learn.  (No one holds a candle to Abbie in the Drama-Queen business, and I mean NObody!)  Tomorrow, I am going to take her to daycare in the morning so I can get her enrolled in a pre-school/daycare for next year.  Isn't it so exciting?  She's growing up.  (The daycare we have been using is going down the drain, so I am not going to have her there and needed to find another place.)  It will be nice to have some time to myself tomorrow, but then it will be good when I pick her up and she has learned to appreciate me.  This weekend is going to be pretty busy.  I have a great friend coming in Friday (that's tomorrow!  YIKES!) that I haven't seen since high school.  And another of my friends is having a birthday celebration Saturday, then another of my friends, from a different circle of people I used to hang out with, is coming in Monday.  Sounds like I am going to be pretty sleep deprived this weekend.  That's OK!  I still have a week to catch up on sleep before school starts.  YAY!  (Of course, I still want to hang out with the usual people I have begun to spend time with lately.  Yes, that does mean you, man!)  Shoot, so I have this cool opportunity to get in with a group of people who want to make their own computer game.  I would be the go-to guy for calculus stuff.  Sounds really interesting.  I also said I could give pointers on how to make it more interesting for chicks, but then again, I am an engineer...  (I'm a girl?!?!?  Naw, I can't be a girl!  Hehe)  Once a girl, always a girl, that's how I see it.  Well, we were going to try to go on a walk or bike ride or something before it gets too hot.  I better see if she's ready.  One last thought...has anyone checked out the meteor shower lately?  Last night was supposed to be the best night to witness stuff, and I was totally planning to get up...had my alarm set for 2:15, but I had a hard time sleeping last night, and decided that once I did go to sleep, I didn't need something to interrupt it again.  By any chance, did anyone get pictures???