so today was another party... after church, eric and i had been talking about seeing "two gentlemen of verona"... shakespeare play that the rutgers theater department was putting on... this afternoon was the final performance... leigh and scott had been way excited about going too... a week ago, but both backed out because of "too much to do" at the last minute... bother again.  at any rate, eric and me had a great time and are beginning to get frustrated with people ditching plans for fun to do work... it's not like we don't have work to do too... it's just funny because the reason people usually say they can't come is "oh, i didn't work hard enough on such and such day"... at least on the days when we're not doing work, we're not wasting time necessarily... we're having planned fun, and then doing work when we're not having fun... different organization methods or something... i know i'm putting just as much effort into my homework... i'm just also having more scheduled fun along the way. =P  so fun comments on the play? (1) the leading actress is a masters theater student who got her BA from Valpo at least 3 years ago... it was just exciting to see "valparaiso university" in the program notes =P (2) there's a dog in the play that one character is always running around with and making analogies to... so they have this tiny little extremely cute dog that was in the play... he was so good... ran around with a little bandana on... the character who walked around with him would walk him on stage, pick him up, put him on a table, tell him to sit, and he'd just sit there or lie down, and not make an effort to be anywhere except for the spot he was told to be for whole scenes... he (the dog) was even listed in the program credits. =) (3) cute story, and well played out, but since it was in verona it was really bizarre to hear shakespearean english pronounced with italian accents... go figure =P  at any rate, it was a party... now working on graph theory homework... pretty sure i've solved 4 out of 7 problems in the past hour.. i love having a class where i know exactly what's going on, and where the problems make me think but don't make me get utterly confused... this is a party indeed. =P  at any rate, back to work... later =P