Geez, I've been so darn busy I forgot to update!  Well... work has been going pretty good.  I haven't made over $100 yet, but the owner said that the summer is pretty weird as far as tips go, especially when it is nice outside and people can go to the beach or Atlantic City.  He assured me that I would make more money when the fall and winter rolled around.  Thank God!  I actually sang at Karaoke last night with Jessie, the other waitress on Fridays.  We sang "I Love Rock 'n Roll" by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts.  It was a riot.  Of course, Jessie was still working and I was not... and already had 2 DiSaronno sours working in my system.  Lori, the girl I work with on Saturday nights, quit to go work at the Olive Garden across the street.  After talking to her and then talking to Marty, it's apparent that working in this restaurant is hard for her.  She is used to working in corporate situations (Lone Star, Red Lobster, etc.), so doing everything for yourself is a little much for her.  When you work at a corporate restaurant, you have people to hostess, run the food, and bus the tables.  At the Great American, the servers do all that themselves.  It can get a little hairy, especially when it's busy, but once you get a system down, you're good to go.  Doing everything for yourself also means that you don't have to tip out anyone.  Well, I have to tip out the bartender, but only if I sell enough drinks for it to be worth it.  Since Lori quit, they need me to pick up some more shifts, so I've moved to working 6 days a week.  Yeah, I know, that seems like a lot, but I need the money.  My schedule has moved around, so now I'm working 5 nights and 1 day.  That's the good news -- I only have to deal with Delores one day a week!!!  Even that will be buffered... Susan will be working the bar, and Delores usually chats more with her than being up my ass.  I like dealing with Marty WAY better, obviously.  Speaking of Delores, I'll give you the latest bitching I received from her.  Tonight I go into work and she tells me that no one filled the salad dressings.  I admitted that I forgot to do it last night, and that I would do it as soon as I got a second tonight (mind you, her two daughters who work Saturday afternoons were sitting there doing nothing after telling me it was pretty slow this afternoon--so they could have easily filled dressings).  She then bitches at me because she claimed there was no chocolate mousse pie on the dessert tray in the freezer.  I told her that I sell one dessert a week, if that, so whenever I look in the freezer, the tray is pretty full.  She told me I had to cut pie for desserts as well, and when I asked her how many pieces they usually cut out of the pie, she got surly with me and told me in a most bitchy manner.  The ironic thing is that when I talked to Lori, she said that she had cut pie this week.  I went to go look in the freezer, and the dessert tray was FULL.  There were 5 pieces of chocolate mousse pie on the tray!!  They were all the way in the back, so I guess Delores and her precious princess girls did not bother to look very good.  I am SO going to make her eat crow tomorrow.  Anyway, I'm tired...  ::yawn::  I'll try to update more this week, especially if something interesting happens.  Remember:  always 20%, people!  Us waitresses only make $2.13 an hour!