Today I feel very sad. I had to cancel my trip to Europe. Basically I have been sick for a while (stomach aches) and the doctors aren't sure exactly what's wrong. I was advised not to take the trip because I am not able to eat normally right now. They have me on ulcer medication. While I was in the process of trying to find out what is wrong with my stomach, the doctor's found something wrong with my spine! So I have been referred to the  urlLink Emory Spine Center .   My friends are pretty upset about me not going. My feelings are hurt. It's not like I want to possibly lose $1600 deposit. I have to file a claim with the travel insurance company. My feelings are hurt because my friends seemed more concerned about the trip than me. What would you have done? Seeing that I may have gall crystals (they can turn to gall stones and block a bile duct), which are not seen on all the tests I had done, I would hate to have a major problem in another country. Not to mention that I can only eat a few things right now and I am in almost constant pain. So that's the story about me not going to Europe.   Today I tried to make myself feel better by using a  urlLink Spa Sydell  gift certificate from a former student. I went with my friend Nikki to get a facial. I really wanted a full body massage but seeing that I have to go to the spine doctor on Tuesday I thought I better just leave my back alone. The facial was nice until the lady got out the big magnifying mirror and proceeded to point out the many tiny brown spots - sun damage! These are spots I had never noticed before but now that's all I see when I look at my face - ugh! I thought those spots were freckles...what a let down.   As I was on my way home from my "facial/let me give you some bad news about your face", I stopped at the grocery store and a card store. Keep in mind I was in the Gwinnett Place Mall area which has a large Hispanic population. As I was looking for a card a lady came up to me and said, "¿Usted habla español?". I thought it was kind of funny that she thought I might speak Spanish but thought nothing else of it. Next I go to the grocery store and as I am leaving the Self Check-Out lane  ANOTHER  lady stops me. She appeared to be having trouble with the machine and she asked me if I spoke Spanish! I nicely told her no and left the store. I wondered what the hell I was wearing that made people think that I might speak Spanish. I could not believe this happened twice in one day! I have had people ask me if I am Hispanic, Asian, etc... but not in a long time. Anyways, I had to share that...the whole experience was a little "Twilight Zoneish".