I'm in a mood.  Not a bad one, but not a good one either.  Just a mood.  Today was cool.  I saw Starskey and Hutch with Tim.  Really not a bad movie.  I found it funny and entertaining.  Much better then what I had expected.  We then ate some chicken friend rice with Hey-sook.  I'm begining to really this chick fried rice place but it doesn't have anything on WABA.  The weather sucked today.  I hate when it rains on Sundays.  We then hit up the board game cafe where I spent the rest of my afternoon and some of the evening.  Meika showed up and we played some A and A.  It was fun but not really fufilling.  We had to walk through the game and go slow as they both had never played that version.  It was cool, I'm just waiting for the next time when things are much more competative.  Oh Mieka and I lost buy the way.  Long explanation but it turned out Tim capitalized on a mistake and wouldn't let Mieka take something back.  No biggie.  There will be a next time. Yesterday was really cool in a lot of ways.  First I worked with Kevin and he hooked me up with the Cambodia and Vietnam Lonely Planet books.  What a great suprize.  Also, I only had 5 classes which kicked some ass.  Last night was great as well.  Dinner at WABA and then off for fun.  We ate and then went to the park behind Seattle's Best and had some vodka and cranberry juice.  Some girls that Gumi James met on the train here joined us.  They seemed but they had plans and had to split.  We then went to Bellagion where Caleb managed to almost pick a fight.  But I went and talk to the guys and smoothed things over.  From there we ended up at TC and then GR.  Both places were pretty cool.  I met a girl named Mi-gyung and GR who is really cool and speaks some great English.  But this always happens when you're taken and never when you're single, or so it seems.  Fenton headed home early b/c of a wedding.  Gumi James apprently really broke up with his girlfriend.  I'm sure exactly why but he's Gumi James so I'm not worried.  I ended up running Gyeh-son back to my place to pick up her computer and then she had to call it a night.  Jeff said he'd show up but never did.  Caleb said Helen was at GR and also said she'd put on a lot of weight.  I have to admit, this makes me happy a little bit.  There was some finger gaming but I actually didn't too bad this time round.  BB was hopping as usual after GR.  I made it home barely before the sun came up.  The sun comes up way to early now.  I hate getting home after sunrise.   It is good to be able to just sit and type.  I've been around people a whole lot lately and I need a little bit of alone time.  I also like this PC room I've found.  I think I'm going to make final flight plans tomorrow for my trip.   I will elaborate on my trip to the zoo b/c of Gabe's comments.  I tend to agree the conditions there seem sub par to say the least.  It has been a long time since I've been to a first rate zoo but I must confess I did feel the animals could have been treated better.   I think this is about all for now.