So maybe this whole leaving thing is hitting me a little hard today. I woke up at 5am because I stayed at Mike's last night. I walked up the hill and sweated like a pig, as usual. My English Club was throwing me a farewell party, so at 10:00AM sharp, I was standing outside the English Club room with my (nasty) brownies and cookies. I opened the door and a few pops and streamers flew by me. The seven members of the English Club and Arita-sensei had decorated the room with streamers and balloons. They had brought in snacks and laid them out on the table. In the back, were hand drawn pictures of yours truly (some of them extremely flattering, I must say). It was the nicest thing ever. Then, they sang me a song in English. Then they gave me some lyrics in romanji of "Only One" by SMAP. So I sang with them (wasn't very good). After that, one of my favorite students, Daiki, gave a speech in English. It was so good! When he was finished, he started to cry. Now, mind you, he is ikkasei, so maybe 11 years old. But he screwed up his face a little and started to cry a little bit. So then I started to cry. Then Arita sensei started to cry. It is the first time I cried in front of the Japanese people. I had thought I wouldn't but there I was, blubbering away.  All those times you feel so left out, out of the loop...well the whole time you were actually in the loop. Some of the students admire you. They want to talk to you. You are a kind of celebrity. I know that I can't speak their language well, but to know that I can impact students just by being my goofy self in class makes me feel really loved. People don't say what they mean here and are usually timid when it comes to sharing their feelings. I didn't know if people would care if I left but...maybe they do?  I am embarrassed to be the center of attention at school. A lot of people like it but I got to the point where I was so cynical about people looking at me, touching me, making comments...that I just thought I was some kind of animal. I wish I could have understood more about why they do it...and their real feelings behind it all. I am feeling a bit emotional (as usual) about the situation that just occured. I realize I will never see these kids again and wow, my heart really breaks. I hate saying goodbye. I wish I could be more articulate at this moment so everyone would break down and crywhen reading this. Zannen.