The online reviews I read generally said it took about an hour to set up the Delta TS220LS and similar bench saws. It took me more like a year. Not working around the clock, of course.  Clearly, I wasn't in a mad rush to get the machine going, and other duties interposed themselves between myself and woodworking.  I was glad to have only $179 cash tied up in assorted saw parts lying around the shop in various stages of assembly. Score one for going cheap.  Eventually, I put the saw together.  The instructions were very clear, and though it's not like me to say this, I found it crucial to read and follow all of them.  Adjustments in particular are critical. If you don't measure and adjust everything 11 ways from January, you won't have a saw.  You'll have a diabolical appliance that chews up your wood and wants to injure you.  Take the sawblade for instance. The  urlLink instructions  say, "The blade was adjusted parallel to the miter gage slots at the factory." Sure it was.  I'd like to know, then, how it got kicked so far out of alignment that you could see it.  It was off by 1/8" from front to back.  "In order to insure accurate cuts and help prevent kickback when cutting, this adjustment should be rechecked and if necessary, readjusted." Truer words were never written.  "Start by loosening the nuts below the four screws (C) Fig. 47 on the table. Then loosen the screws (C)." This is from the  urlLink online version of the owner's manual.  I think my version just said, "loosen the screws."  Ha ha.  Sure, loosen those screws.  They're dogged down so tight, you'll strip the screwheads out before you turn them.  No, you have to get under the saw, figure out some way to get a 10mm wrench on those nuts, and then figure out some way to turn the wrench. I tried to do it without taking off the sawblade. I thought, the wrench is going to slip, and I'm going to slice my knuckle on the blade. Then I did exactly that. Then I took the blade off and finished the work in my blood-spattered khakis. I found it necessary to hit the wrench with a hammer to get the nuts loose.  "If sufficient adjustment cannot be achieved by loosening screws (C), screws (D) may also be loosened if absolutely necessary to make the adjustment."  It proved absolutely necessary.  I still found it tough to move the blade into alignment, but I finally got it to within about 1/100".  The rip fence was a different story. With a few turns of the screw on the front, it clamped down parallel to the miter slots right out of the box. But some careful measuring revealed that it clamped a little crooked on the extension wing. A slight nudge is required to bring it straight.  The miter gage proved typical. To set it to a perfect 90 degrees, I had to use a square. It was easy.  Many online reviews lambasted the saw guard and splitter assembly. Some said it was useless, even dangerous, and needed to be thrown away.  I don't think so. You just need to spend a good bit of time and care using your eyeballs and a straightedge to get the splitter absolutely perfectly aligned with the blade.  It's a pain, but it can be done. I suspect this is the case with most saws.  With the saw bolted to the stand and everything tightened, the machine felt surprisingly solid and stable despite its light weight. I didn't like where it was sitting, and so I picked it up and carried it across the room. Try that with a contractor's saw.  So there it was. And there I was. It was finally time to fire it up.   Next: I do a jig