I can still remember the first computer we had in our home.  My brother had a Texas Instrument from Radio Shack; the kind with the black screen and green characters.  You could type a bunch of commands in and it would make a smiley face appear, or something to that effect.  Man, technology has come a long way! throughout high school and college I used computers a lot.  I used them to type reports, and research things on the internet.  We had some really great college technology classes that were specifically created for teachers.  We learned everything on Macs because those were the computers of choice for public schools at that time. There was even a different computer lab, just for education majors, that had all Macs in it.  We learned everything from creating Word documents, to designing our own working webpage.  Everything I learned in college was very useful, and that's where I started getting really interested in technology. Once I graduated, and started teaching, I continued to incorporate technology into my classroom and my life.  The school I teach at is in one of the poorest neighborhoods in Charlotte.  The kids come from nothing, and have nothing.  The students can't even afford pencils, let alone a computer.  Some don't even have electricity!  I feel that it's my job, not because I get paid but because of the person I am, to show these kids what's out there in the world.  And I feel technology is a great way to do that.  I only have one working computer in my class, so my students always ask, "When can we go into the computer lab?"  They want to play on the computers, but we don't ever really have time to  play .  I use some of the computer programs we have at the school, such as Orchard, to help tutor the students in the mornings.   Our school actually just got a whole new computer lab with Compaqs to replace the Mac lab that had been there forever.  Along with the lab came a laptop cart that had 15 laptops, a printer, wireless router, and LCD projector.  Sadly, I was one of the only teachers all year to use it.  I liked it better than the lab because I could show the students how to do something using the LCD projector, and I could monitor their work more closely than in the lab.  Most of the teachers didn't use it because they just didn't know how.  We were told that we have a laptop cart, but there was no instruction on how to set it up and use it.  This seems to be a major downfall to incorporating technology into the classroom.  We always get great stuff, but no one ever instructs us how to use it.  It may be hard to believe, but there were a lot of teachers that didn't even know how to open a laptop or turn one on. Well, needless to say, I'm a fan of technology and computers.  I like using them, and I even took a course this past year on how to build one.  It was a workshop offered to teachers for $275, in which we built a CPU (put in the processor, motherboard, memory, hard drive, disc drive, CD-ROM, etc.) and then got to keep it.  It also came with Windows XP professional and Microsoft Office XP, which was nice because I was still using my college computer that had Windows 98 on it!  My wife complained at first, but if I wouldn't have built the new computer, we would have been out of luck for this class!