Coming to you live from Houston Texas where it is cloudy, HOT and humid.  Once again I am reminded WHY I do not miss Houston Texas.  LOL.  The only difference between Charleston SC and Houston at the moment is that Houston is atleast getting some rain and that water is another reason for the high humidity in the air.    It has been 6 weeks since this trip to Houston Texas was planned and I waited with anticipation.  The plane rides were relatively uneventful but I have to say that after 1 hour and 45 minutes of riding in the same seat mashed together in coach with two other unlucky occupants that I was extremely happy to get off the Jet in Houston yesterday evening.   I was quite impressed with the new Rental Car complex that they built on the north side of Houston close to Intercontinental Airport aka George Bush IAH.  There was a shuttle bus that picked me up and shot me out to the main complex to rent the car and I was immediately ushered into the rental car and shown the exit where I verified my reservation.  Nice car, nice service.  What a deal folks!!    Once I was in the rental car I was reminded of one thing that I do not miss and that is the hellish driving habits of the 4 million other people who drive like bats exiting hell through one hole.  LOL....  I had not been in Houston driving for much longer than 25 minutes when I found myself slamming on the brakes heading for the emergency lane wondering if there was some nice soft grass on the other side of the concrete barrier that was coming up a little too quick.  It appears that as I was trying to exit off of I-45 South onto 610 West that three cars ahead of me there was someone in a black Ford Mustang who had slammed on its brakes in an attempt to get off an exit that they had already passed about 2 car links back.  OH MY GOSH people.  Lets take some prozac or something to calm ya down...  Once I was in Houston I picked up my friend James Carberry and headed out to sit in the parking lot on I-10 West headed out to Dairy Ashford and Don Coleman Stadium where the commencement ceremonies were to be held.  We managed to grab a bite to eat (snack) and made it to the auditorium around 7:10 pm.  It is a good thing we arrived 50 minutes early because the auditorium filled up quickly.  I had called my friend Tom Whitten and Donel to come to Jeremy's graduation but Tom was the only one who made it.    The ceremony itself lasted about 2 hours.  From what I could see there were approximately 5000 people in the stands and then the graduates on the floor all dressed in Terry Highschool RED and the staff who had on black robes.  James Carberry was kind enough to man the video camera for me and I spent most of my time on my feet up on the top row taking pictures with our new Canon AE-1.  I was disappointed in the fact that at the top of the arena that the people who were not sitting down in the auditorium were talking loudly instead of being quiet and respectful.  I guess if you were in the actual seated area of the convention center you did not hear everything that was going on up at the top level.  I was very pleasantly surprised that several of the students who spoke gave Jesus Christ the praise , honor and glory for their success and stated that together with God on their side that they could go on and overcome anything the world would throw at them.  The prayers that were lifted up were very humble and not full of religous rhetoric.  I was very pleased as a parent to hear the young people giving God the credit for their lives and their accomplishments.    I am sitting at James Carberry's office.  James works for a printing company and no, I do not know the name of it right as I am writing this.  Hugh, who is James's boss gave me permission to use his high speed network access to sponge e-mail and write my blog.  I have to stop for now because the burgers that they cooked on a grill are now ready and my stomach is calling.   God bless