Just a couple of pictures of me and my little sister. I know I've written about her a bunch of times before, but what are you gonna do? Anyway, just last week, she made it to the honors program at her school, with straight A+ grades. I'm especially proud of it because, well, as a way to help out my folks, I've been paying for her tuition fees.  (And it's quite a tuition fee, too. Let's put it this way, I studied on a scholarship throughout high school and college, and for most of that period I even received stipends. I actually spent more for her tuition fees in a single year than what my family spent for all of my high school  and  college years.)  Of course, it's already become a joke for me and my friends, when we talk about life, love, and settling down (because, as young as we are, we're pretty aware that it's around the corner, seeing that a couple of our friends have gotten married just this past year.) The conversation goes like this:   Me:  " Gusto ko nang mag-asawa pare, pero hindi pa puwede eh. Nagpapa-aral pa ako ng kapatid eh. "   Friend:  " Ah, ok yan pare ah. Ilang taon na ba siya ?"   Me:  " Grade 2 pa lang. Tapos balak pa raw niyang mag-doctor. "  Of course, poor Icay isn't spared from all the joking. She's the youngest child, and before her comes three brothers, so you could imagine how much punishment she takes from the rest of us. For example, when I bring home  pasalubong , my brothers and I would joke about not paying Icay's tuition anymore. You know, so I could bring home  pasalubong  for them every day. And Icay, who acts every bit like a 16-year-old  colegiala  already, would just turn her noses at us and pretend she doesn't hear what her idiot brothers are saying.  Then again, she wouldn't be spared from the jokes even if I weren't paying for her tuition. After all, we're brothers, and isn't that really what brothers are for? We always joke about how she has two different personalities; she is this  mataray  little prima donna at home because she gets away with everything being the youngest one, while at school, she is (apparently) a quiet, well-behaved, and well-liked little girl.  My brother Joseph, who is the only one among us who has a bit of an artistic bent, even created this hilarious drawing on  Notepad  Paint illustrating this phenomenon:   urlLink     I liked the drawing so much, it's now the default wallpaper on my home desktop.  I suck at drawing, so I just needle Icay the best way I know how: by being an ass. I usually call her silly names, because she  hates  being called silly names. Kikay, Baby Iks, Kiki, Kuku, Cookie, Kiks, Jaica-icay, and my personal favorite,  Sandara Pork , which drives her crazy because she secretly likes Sandara but would never admit to it. Of course, all of my silliness is just a ruse so that she'd give a big kiss and a bigger hug. You know, to make her idiot big brother shut up.  Which, I guess, makes it all good. Every centavo I spent for her education, well, is worth it, if only for all those hugs and kisses I get when I come home from work, and the bonus ones I get when I needle her. The straight A+ grades are just a nice bonus, I guess. Idiot big brothers should only be so lucky.