assalamualaikum... hello... hi...   now i am back the my norm state. finally my wish to have a blog is fulfilled. i don't really know how to start because i am just 'brainfreeze'... by the way, let me reiterate my life starting the moment i woke up... or anything which crossed my mind now...   erm.. i woke up @ 11:15 am. i overslept again... i'd been oversleeping for the past weeks... i don't know why i really woke up late but i think, i was just being so tired or over-stress... i am still learning to wake up early because i am still not use to it... by the way, my exam is coming up... starting 21st August until 2nd September... then i went back to school as usual, though my head still  sleeping ...     i studied chemistry and physics with  Mr. Raja ... i was tired still... i just couldn't escape class because of the exams are coming. even my head still can't wait for the  JUNE GCE O' LEVEL  exam results to come out... i predict that the results would come out by this week or next week...  Mr. Raja  was busy explaining 'chemical reaction' with  Baieyah ... then Amin  kacau  when i was so busy finishing my physics paper...  haiyaa~    economics' class was cancelled... i was hoping to study economics because i didn't attend that class yesterday... well, it was the assembly's fault. i didn't follow my fellow friends to the school hall because i am sick with assembly.  Baieyah  and i went to the corridor and sat there while listening to the media played on my Nokia 6800. oh god... it was raining heavily and i wrote some blog pieces in there... let me paste it here... >>       "ahhh... feeling cold~ if only i am in my room, definitely my head just want to sleep... eh, it is raining heavily here at school... i miss my pillows and blanket already. ah, what do i usually do when it rained? don't fral out if i say that i love when it rains... i love walking in the rain with my trans-blue umbrella, drinking hot tea or chocolate... it will be just great! i bet that my tv won't receive any signal at the moment at home... probably if i'm at home, i will be ended-up reading or surpass my ideas of writings... ahhh, how great it'll be???   if only i were at home now*...   you might be wondering of why i have the time to do blog... my economic's class was cancelled due to the 'occurance' of school's assembly. i didn't want to attend cos i am sick with assembly!"