I just finished the new templates and stylesheets for the site and am waiting on the approval from the committee to implement them.  View the site at  urlLink http://webdev.alma.edu/special/new_css . The changes include the following:     Simplification of code   The new, pared-down the XHTML structure of the sites, mostly eliminating all of the inline styles and many superfluous  div  tags. This should allow us to alter the current look and feel more easily whether the changes are large or small.   The previous images and ID references were simple and intuitive. When used as a template, however, this causes problems because an element with  id="main"  is very likely to show up in forms or named anchors within the site. All IDs have been prefixed with "template_" in order to prevent pages from not validating. Similarly, background images have been renamed to their associated element (e.g. template_welcome.jpg) to prevent overlap with user images.   Accessibility Changes   The new stylesheets ensure that disabled and non-screen-based browsers will have access to our site. Where appropriate I have used background images instead of inline images.   The stylesheet has now been set to apply to all media, and calibrated to print only information pertinant to the paper-based medium.  Changes include:   Styling links to match with text   Not displaying site navigation (with the exception of a breadcrumb) on the page   A print-specific image, similar to a letterhead, which would appear at the top of every page instead of the web-colored logo   Disallowing page breaks between a header and paragraph or inside a quote for longer pages   Resetting widths and floats of the content area to expand to page width     All font-size values have been set to relative heights to allow us to include a large-font alternate stylesheet for visually impaired viewers.   Fixing bugs with non-compliant browsers   As the site was most likely designed on Macs and viewed only by Macs on campus, some layout bugs in IE/Win were left uncompensated for in the final version. More updates to come as I only have access to these browsers at home.   Meeting executive staff concerns   The words Alma College have increased in size in the logo.   Teal has faded away from the page.  Although I believe some teal is necessary to balance the maroon, especially since it appears within many of the bullets and links on the site.   Torn paper has gone away. Use of the seal is from the entry to the College. It was my artistic choice, and meets the "distinctive to Alma" requirement. I'm open to suggestions. I also think the gradient does a good job of breakup up the blocky nature of the site, although I'm also open to suggestions here.   The new (non-web-safe) cream is #FFFFF0, and slightly less yellow than #FFC.   General Updates   Parents has been added to to the constituent navigation.   The menu choices on the main page reflect the web committee decisions.