Me back again liao from camp......  Incredible that my voice did not turn sexy this time rd....consider me a slacker or just a goody goody instructor that dont shout...hahaha.... Some of the campers call me the Macho Instructor that is soft cos they expect me to shout at them but i chose to negotiate with them and make pacts to get them to do work. I guess being the oni make instructor of chinese race helps me click better with the little BENGS...hahaa.... Others call me the "Willam Hung" of the camp ( WAT SIAH!!!!!!)   I have my share of cock ups in this camp in conducting of some activities...such as morning PT. Lucky that no serious injuries happen. The senior instructors gave me some feedback on how i can improve it and things to look into the next time i conduct the activities and i appreciated that.   Next, I've met my first "silent killer" in this camp. There is this Sec 3 boy that simply would not talk thru out the camp, unwilling to participate in all activities except the General stations and team building games. Even though he participated in the GS and TB ....it was after "orders" from me that he joined in. On an occasion , he even went MIA while the group went kayaking. To think i have to go around searching for him siah!!! In the end, he was found sleeping in his hut. Just have to knock some senses into him. Although he wasn't too participative but i guess all the patience applied on him works cos during the campfire preparation session, i actually saw him joining the rest of the group in the preparation without any prompting. I take this as a personal achievement for me.   Overall, i enjoyed this camp alot cos this camp provided me with a very perspective on working with teenagers.   There will be another camp coming in august and i guess that will be my finale before returning to studies......it will be a 4D3N camp consisting of 320++ students ...the longest and biggest so far for me....expecting alot of problems and insturctors and ppl ....hopefully it will be as good as my previous camps. Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know