It snowed last night!  For those of you who do not live in Western Washington (state), this is very unusual, especially for March.  While I was eating breakfast this morning, the phone rang and I was foolish enough to think it might be my school calling to tell me school was late.  Unfortunately, it was my babysitter letting me know that she was sick and couldn't watch baby boy today.  So my morning, which is always a little crazy, just got a little crazier (by the way, I  love  my babysitter and in no way blame any craziness on her.  She is awesome and can't help getting sick.  I just like to complain).    I quickly called my parents and they said they'd take the baby today (they, too, are awesome people).  This means in the space of 10 minutes I need to pack his meals for the day (I always pre-package everything when he stays at my folks), throw some toys in the diaper bag, get his clothes out of the dryer, iron my pants, brush my teeth, and pack my lunch. As I leap up from the table, leaving the remainder of my breakfast untouched, I hear the one sound guarenteed to throw this already impossible plan out of whack.  That's right... the baby woke up early.  Scratch earlier plan.  Run upstairs to rescue baby from crib.  Dress him in ragamuffin-like, too-small clothes.  Swipe toothbrush through mouth once or twice.  Run back downstairs with baby and set him on the floor to play while I pack his meals (and mine).  At this point in my little story you may be asking yourself, "Is she a single parent?"  The answer is no, but my husband is so not a morning person that I might as well be one in this case (he's the night owl and is great when the baby wakes up at 2:30 am though).  So, I manage to get everything together, in the car, and get on the way when I happen to glance at my gas gage.  Shit!  It's almost empty.  Normally, I would just push it and come coasting into the driveway on fumes, but as luck would have it, we have a PT appointment this afternoon.  Now a stop at the gas station is required.    We're finally on the road.  The good news is that traffic is pretty light which is just about a miracle considering it snowed earlier and I live in the Seattle area.  I get to my parents, drop off the baby, make it to school only to find out that I have a meeting and I completely forgot about my tutoring student.    No wonder it's only half way through the day and I'm already wiped out.  Did I mention that the caterpillars for our butterfly unit came two weeks early so I'm now frantically planning for that...