Pot of Gold   So why do the Irish get their own holiday?  Not that I begrudge them St. Patrick's day; the idea of a day when every mook in America thinks he can mimic and caricature my heritage doesn't quite appeal to me.  But it is interesting to imagine the equivalents for other ethnic groups: Italian, Mexican, Black, Jewish, Pakistani, etc.  And no,Cinqo de Mayo doesn't count.  Until they're celebrating it in every backwater, regardless of that backwater's ethnic makeup, it isn't fairly comparable.  Of course, that whole excuse to get shitfaced aspect of St. Patty's probably helps with its popularity.  Whenever I think of Saint Patrick's Day, I think of this guy I went to high school with.  Every year after February vacation, he would come to school with a six pack of green frosted cupcakes complete with plastic clovers, the first day they were available from Star Market.  He'd make a big show about how these were his favorite cupcakes and they were only available for a few weeks every year and if any of us motherfuckers tried to eat one he would kill us.  (There was reason to believe him in this: he once mistakenly threatened a friend of mine with a long knife for something he didn't do, something related to this guy's drug trade, and when he later realized that he was threatening the wrong guy he came back to apologize).    So anyway, he'd carry these cupcakes out to the bleachers on the farside of the football field and eat them by himself.  I don't know why these cupcakes were so special, and I don't know why, if they were so special, he would bring them to school with him.  But everytime, some poor fool would follow him, trudge across the field, try to finagle one, and get punched.   St. Patrick's Day also makes me think of the best Disney movie ever:   urlLink Darby O'Gill and the Little People , based on the 1903  urlLink storybook .  At an early age, this movie taught me an important lesson: those  urlLink leprechauns  are  urlLink sneaky bastards , and if I ever see one, I should spare myself the trouble and look the other way.