Hey there all,   This is the first post for my therapeutic outlet. Welcome!    My name is NorCalDave. I have worked with children for many years. Those I have worked with have been abused emotionally, sexually, physically, and spiritually. I have worked with kids from 2 years of age to 18 years of age. When I first started to work with the younger kids, it was difficult for me emotionally. The types of abuse, ignorance, power play, sickness, and  agendas adults put on kids is one of the hardest things to take in this life.    Anyway, I now get to see, and attempt to help correct, the manifestations of the treatment these kids have endured. No, I mean survived. All of the students I currently work with are survivors. And somtimes I can't help but feel that we are only holding these kids in a survival pattern until the system has no place for them, except jail, the streets, or dead.    Some of the kids at the school are very intelligent, probably more so than their parents in some cases. That smarts is a double edged sword for them. The brains can pull them out of the cycle they're in, or it can facilitate their spiral further away from social functionality.    More background and spout later.....story.  One time, when I was working in a group home, a resident became very upset about not getting what he wanted. To the casual observer it wouldn't have seemed like a tragic moment, but it was for that child. He ended up throwing roof tiles down on the cars of the staff who worked there. One of the staff, who may not have been suited for the job, went up on the roof after the kid, mad. The kid ended up knocking over the top of the chimney, bricks falling down to the ground and in the fireplace. Of course, we never used the fireplace with these kids. The staff did not catch the boy, but he learned a lesson, don't piss off SED kids when your car is near by.     So, it ended up that the kids father was called for help to fix the damage that the child had done. Ten years later, the dad works for the agency as a maintenance worker. And, ha ha, so is the child, who is now 19 years old. He isn't one of those jail,dead,etc. kids, but he isn't citizen of the month either.  NorCalDave