Sniff sniff, this song actualli makes me  cry , its so sad... I  hate  it, how sad it is rather... Stupid Early November, oh well its just a song right, or perhaps its  screaming  something to me, in its rather  soft  voice, and  beautiful  lyrics. Man, so have to stop listening to that song... Well anyway, here are the lyrics so you can know why i  cryed  :P...   Sunday Drive-The Early November    Lyrics...   And we wait above a road. We're turning to go home. And the silence from the side of the car tells me everything and how we are. 'Cause there's no more trying to make this so right, There's no more trying tonight. And you know it's not so easy when you're all alone. And I wonder if I'm alone in your head. I know something is wrong,  I just dont know what to do. You say it's only me and that I'm so perfect for you. I don't want to try no more, I  dont want to make this right. I just want you to be true to me,  one time. And you know it's not so easy when you're all alone. And I wonder if I'm alone in your head. Twelve weeks gone by since I have saw you last. I'll give this one more try,  I'll give it all my best.And I'll ask  "What could you be doing that is so much fun without me by your side, without me by your side?" And I'll take a step back,  and I'll let you ahead. And I will take a step away  and see if you come back. Because there's no more trying  to make this so right, there's no more trying,  there's no more trying tonight. We will never be the same. We will never be the same until you're done.  Speaking of songs, I found another song, that reminds me of mi jeffie, its:      Broken Spokes, Bloody Knees-(OF COURSE) Ten Speed Hero      Just because he alwais listens to them in the car, and i am absoluteli in love with them...   ALSO... PLEASE LET ME PASS SUMMER SCHOOL!!!!!!   good luck to me...    Mwahahaha, i will so pass that mutha fuckin course...   I am listening to ten speed hero now, and it is so making me think of Jeff, everything reminds me of him -_- i wonder if thats a bad thing? Haha aw well... I am going to go out for pizza soon, and have a couple smokes, nothing gets better than that shit man, eating pizza on a patio thing on church and main, smoking, and enjoiing the summer while its lasting, makes me feel like having an orgasm right now... haha... in like 10 mins man... so excited...  I miss you jeffie, *smiles* man, i shall shut up now, i am such a loser...  I DONT WANT TO LEAVE FOR A WEEK *sniff sniff* Aw well, what are you going to do? Uhmm... Ye thats all i have to sai, I like this blog thing man, i can put wicked songs that i like on here, actualli i think i will add more... (I listen to these all the time) Uhm,  Piano-Glassjaw She Took The Wrong Way Out-WOTB Torrid Love Affair-Boys Night Out Three Simple Words-Finch A Decade Under The Influence-TBS Set Phasers To Stun-TBS THE NO SEATBELT SONG-BRAND NEW Mix Tape-Brand New Get Up You Son Of A Bitch, Cause Mickey Loves Ya-The Bled We Go To Eleven-A Static Lullaby A Song For A Broken Heart-A Static Lullaby For You-HIM Title And Registration-Death Cab For Cutie Kittie-Suck Tonic-If You Could Only See November-Silverstein Sidewalk When She Walks-Alexisonfire Narnain Analog-The Beautiful Mistake EVERYTHING BY THURSDAY, Especially Paris In Flames, and The Dream... I'll I think of more later, but I have some pussi music in there man  Love all y'all lots, Comment if you wanna