Well this weekend was the infamous Family Reunion....dun dun dun.........I survived it!  Well it started out with my mom freakin out because I was about 10 minutes late meeting them at their house in Sherwood, but I got there and we left.  The ride up was very nice, I got to read some of my book that I started last month and just hadn't had time to read.  But of course that meant that since I was reading my parents HAD to pester me, and ask questions about the book and whatnot.  Anyway approx. 2 hours later we arrive in the very large town of Evening Shade, I believe it has a total of about 300 people at the most, and that is probably including farm animals. LOL, needless to say we were in Nowhere, AR.  The weather was wonderful!  Nice and cool, actually a little too cool for me I had to put on a jacket lat that afternoon.  This was the day: -Arrive approx. 10:30am -Hug Family members, "how have you been, good, and how are you?" -Play cards with my younger cousins -Get asked by the younger cousin (14) if I have a boyfriend, and do I plan to stay single for the rest of my life---talk about a depressing thought!  I was like, "well I'm not trying purposely to stay single!"  I didn't think it would be right to scream I'm a whore to my little cousin...lol......no. -Go out side visit with aunts, uncles, and cousins -Participate in the Horseshoe tournament (we are serious about some horseshoes...there were plaques for the winners!! LOL) -I lost at horseshoes on the first round (I suck at it!!) -Visited with my cousins new wife (the cousin that is my age) -Ate BLTS for lunch -Visited, watched horseshoe tournament -Napped for like 3 hours!!! And omg was it nice. -Woke up around 5:30 -The best ribs in the world for dinner at 7 -Finally left at 8:45!  At this point I'm in a bit of a rush to get home, because Alicia and I were goin to go out to celebrate her birthday.  Ended up at Disco, got home at like 3 am.  Went to bed to get up at 9:00am to go to family reunion again.  Day two -Horseshoe tournament continued........Dad left with a gold plaque for the Men's competition, and Mom with a silver for the Women's......however no plaque was won by them in the Couples competition. -Visited some more, etc.  Ate more food...etc. -Left for home around 6:30  So that was my weekend.  Now I am dog sitting my parent’s dog while they are in Branson, MO.  It has been fun to see how Bentley (Tyler’s dog) and Cindy (my dog) get along. Cindy literally weighs like 5lbs.  She is all skin and bones and she doesn't like Bentley to follow her around the house....and she will snarl and snap at Bentley and make her run away.  It's funny because Bentley is so much bigger than her.  Anyway, I've written enough for now.  ttyl!