Hey... I just got home a little while ago from school and throughout the day I had read almost two hundred pages in that book! I haven't read a book this fast since last summer when I was all about reading everyday. I defiantly recommend this book to anyone, though. Especially if you like graphic stories. Anyways, off of that topic, I was looking at myself lately in the mirror and I remember how I used to think that I was one of the most ugliest people alive, but now I realize that I am quite pretty. I'm not trying to brag or anything, but it  is  a good thing to like the body that you are in, and it is lovely to be able to improve on your personality because you don't feel like your looks are holding you back. And I don't feel like my looks are holding me back anymore to where I couldn't even look straightforward when I walked. Now I feel like I don't have to worry because the only reason why people look at me in one of that "ugly" sort of way is because they just don't like me... Not because of my looks. But, I have to admit, not a lot of people give me those types of looks anymore. Or maybe it was that I just stopped caring what they thought of me? Anyways, getting away from that topic also, I have stopped wanting a boyfriend lately, and I'm not interested in looking for one. There are a few guys that I like (like Craig or Joe or Rob or Sean... okay, maybe more than a few guys...) but I don't really care if they care enough for me to go out with me. Most of them are older anyways, a little to old for someone as young as me... But some of them (well  all  of them) are really hot so you can't blame me for liking them... Anyways, I was saying that I didn't care if I had a boyfriend or not... And truthfully, I  don't  care anymore. Boyfriends just seem to bring me down more... I have never actually had a boyfriend that tried to make me happy, and I don't believe that there is a guy for me in Grays Harbor (the county that I live in). That’s one of the things that I will search for if I ever move out if this state. But I'm not worried about that, either. I will find the right one when he comes along. But anyways, I'm going to go because I want to finish this book so, Bye! Today I ate: 1 Fun Size Milky Way candy bar 1 home-made burrito