urlLink Teaching about Ecosystems. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by David L. Haury.    From the ERIC Digest:  When someone asks us where we are from or what we do, most of us mention the town or city where we live, our occupation, where we attended school, or our family heritage. We respond in terms of human communities, cultures, and geopolitical boundaries. We seldom, if ever, describe ourselves in terms of our ecological status in the natural world. We humans have so completely ordered, designed, and defined our physical environs and social milieu that our ecological connections have slipped from consciousness. Perhaps this is why we seem so unaware of our impact on nature and our rapid destruction of natural systems. We simply do not perceive ourselves as being part of the natural order of beings.   All of us live within ecological systems, or "ecosystems", and through our commerce, food distribution, and use of natural resources we each indirectly participate in the custodianship of many ecosystems worldwide. Ironically, we are simultaneously the most potent forces within most ecosystems, and yet nearly oblivious to the ecological effects of our daily lifestyles. There has never been a time when a deep understanding of ecosystems and our roles within them has been more critical. Indeed, the world's freshwater ecosystems are so degraded that their ability to support plant and animal life, including humans, is viewed by many as being in peril (Revenga, Brunner, Henninger, Kassem, & Payne, 2000). Learning about ecosystems is more than an expected focus in biology classes; it has become a study in survival.   Ecosystems are functional units of interacting abiotic, biotic, and cultural (anthropogenic) components. All natural ecosystems are open systems where energy and matter are transferred in and out through the complex interactions of energy, water, carbon, oxygen, nitrogen, phosphorus, sulfur, and other cycles. Unfortunately, many scientists contend, we humans have disrupted the balance of transfers across ecosystem boundaries. In addition to learning our place within ecosystems, we must learn to become better stewards and managers of ecosystems. A history of the ecosystem concept has been presented by Bocking (1994). Unfortunately, some concepts related to ecosystems--food web, ecological adaptation, carrying capacity, niche--are complex and lead to misconceptions among students (Munson, 1994).