The Babes of Colonial House     There's no greater television experience than suddenly realizing a program is trying to entertain you in particular.  Even better is when you find the programs targeting you without having to watch commericials.  That's right,I am a PBS viewer: middlebrow, well-educated, and generally content with half-assed intellectual pursuits.  (Sure, we'll go to grad school for one discipline or another, but in most things, we are content with enough knowledge to get through a cocktail party of our peers.)   We privately delight in noting historical inaccuracies, grammatical mistakes and the many other intellectual failings of those around us.  We  urlLink hyphenate our last names , we eat biscotti, and  urlLink we give our kids stupid names .  Make no mistake:  I don't really want to be in this demographic and I do my best to rebel by doing drugs, listening to loud music, and making fun of my peers.  But damnit, if my viewing habits are any indicator, I'm doomed.  Because  urlLink Colonial House  is the best show on television.   The show is, of course, reality television, but at least it's what reality television should be rather than what it usually is.  It's easy to forget that such programming needn't appeal to our basest interests or outrage us to be entertaining.  I'm not going to pretend that Colonial House is more educational than it is.  This is the adult equivalent of  urlLink Where in the World is Carmen San Diego ; mildly informative, but, more to the point, able to capture that part of our imaginations that makes us want to learn even if it isn't teaching us very much.  But to be honest, after watching, I didn't revisit my college history books: I went to bed.  The real stroke of genius, I think, is the inclusion of 1) true to life religious-freaky baptists and 2)indentured servants.  No one is in "character" per se, but the show does a fantastic job of manipulating the circumstances to highlight certain behaviors and interactions.  This is social psychology more than it is History.  But man.  What's with  urlLink all   urlLink the   urlLink colonial   urlLink babes ?  Let's just say I'd buy the calendar.