Yesterday was weird. My dreams last night were weird. I have weird e-mails this morning that I don't really know what to do with. Work will be weird today.   The Little Dictator threw up on me as we were leaving the house yesterday. I called to tell work I'd be late, cleaned her up, showered, changed, and carried us back out to the car where she promptly threw up on me again. I just called in. Forget that crap.   I was overdrawn *273.93* yesterday. Yup. You read that right. So I sold some stuff (my wedding ring, for one) and borrowed some cash from friends. Its all fixed now, but I'm cringing that I still have cheques and such out. Erg.   I wore my wig yesterday. As I explained to The H*Factor: Its like a cape, but I can wear it in public. And we all know how I love to wear capes to help me accomplish things I can't do without support or some accent of fun.   Mr. Monkeypants is the best man ever. (Sorry to all of you blokes reading this. But its true.) He woke up after working all night to come over and watch the Little Dictator while I went and ran errands. He loaned me money (which makes me gag, ache. I hate that I had to do that.) He bought dinner. He washed the Little Dictator's vomitous blanket and my sheets. He held me. He was, all around, everything that I needed. I love him something terrible.   Last night was the perfect evening. Monkeypants, the Little Dictator and I all ate dinner at the table together before she went to bed. Monkeypants and I stayed up and talked on the couch (I explained the finer qualities of coffee) and then we retired to the bedroom, where we fell asleep talking to each other. It was superb. It was everything an evening should be. I didn't even mind so much when he woke at four and went home. Okay, so I did mind, but I understand. Hell, its the rule I made.   I dreamt that I was at a party, wearing these skimpy, but designer ball gowns. Paris Hilton style. The great part about it was the fact that half-way through the evening (in the midst of one of my changes) I realized that I had a GIANT tattoo covering my chest/abdomen. It was apparantly something I'd picked up during a drunken one night stand. It was large and very red and blue and all Tejano style. And it had Ethan Dalley's name in it. (What?) I found a dress that covered up most of it, and then noticed that I had a "32" tattooed on the underside of my left arm. Now, my right. Left again. No, wait! I have a 32 on the left and a 23 on the right! I changed again, covering all three of the tattoos, only to find I had a large shark running down the length of my left leg (Thanks, Monkeypants) and a collection of coloured butterflies covering the right. I found a dress that was high collared, long sleeved, and floor length, but with a slit in the right side. The butterflies were cool. When I finally found sometone to ask about all of this, Gwen Moore told me that I got really drunk one night and slept with Ben Paxton, who then convinced me to get Ethan's name inked on to give Ethan a bad rep. The tattoo artist was really excited about my skin being a blank canvas that he told me it would be free if I'd let him give me all sorts of other things. And I went for it! This (of course) made perfect sense, so I went back to the party. Then my alarm went off and Franz Ferdinand started singing just for me, so I got out of bed and turned them off.   In the ten minutes before they went on again, I dreamt that work burned to the ground and took all of my stuff with it. Stories, poetry, label maker, coffee mug. It was sad.