Must...Update...Eventually...  Finally, I have gotten myself to update this stupid thing. School has just been going so fast that I havn't had time. Two weeks ago I was going to update. Then last Sunday. Then last Tuesday. WEll now I'm going to update no matter what! (evil laugh)  Hmm... Where to start... I guess the first day of school will be satisfactory. We met up in the usual spot outside the library. Every one was there, except for Morgan of course. Brad H had left the ordering of his books too long so he had the lightest bag. Jordan however had a bag weighing in at 11 kilos, and he had to carry... or should I say *drag* his bag with both arms. It was rather funny I must say. The siren went and we all trudged off to the quad. I'm starting to get the hang of the routine. Still, I followed Teagan and Candice around pretty closely. That way if I lost my form teacher I wouldn't be the only one who's lost. I got Ms. Taylor for form again. Still pissed off that I missed Mr. Hopkins. He's teaching F03 this year, just one away. Oh well, still one year left. We also kept the PAC room, but those little year 8's have kicked us off of our usual sitting spot, which is... very, very annoying. Now we have to sit on the wooden stage thingy over by the music rooms. Oh well, Candice and I are planning a series of run-to-form-to-get-the-good-seats attacks to reclaim our territory.    Chemistry       - Mr Smith  After the first form (and period one, wh00t!) I had Chemisty. Hawkins took the front desk like we planned, but because I bought my books and Cartledge was irrisponsible and didn't he was able to STEAL my seat while I was still zipping up my bag. The Chem book is too big IMHO. Why couldn't they just make seperate one's for year 11 and 12 and sell them cheaper? It would've been much better. Anyway, I'm right behind Hawkins, next to Paul and behind Pat W. Could be worse... (could be Gabe). WE've been learing all sorts of boring stuff all over again, like the essential differences in the arrangement of particles in solids, liquids and gases. Yeah, like we havn't learnt that before! I got 27/28 on the first assignment. It was the second top score, with Leiper and Hawkins both scoring lower than me. I think it was Rebecca who got the top score of 27.5, but I'm not 100% sure. In the mini test I did badly though. How the hell was I supposed to know what Sulphurous Acid was? I guessed... wrongly. I screwed up on Oxygen Peroxide and Cyanide, and I think I made a mistake forgetting to put a 3 on the end of my formula. In the end I got 44/48. Good thing that it only counted for a minute weighting. Oh well, that was like the only test that doesn't allow calculators. Next time I'll be ready for them.   G&T       - Mr. Litherland  I find it very coincidental that Mr Litherland is teaching G&T, the class that consists of 12 guys, don't you? Oh well, theories aside G&T is so far releativly easy. We've been doing stuff on right angled triangles, followed by SIN and COS rules, which my calculator has made a breeze. I just love it how the programs even show the correct working out ;). We then moved onto 3D shapes which I must admit was a little daunting. However it turned out to be fine. As long as the test isn't obsurdly hard *cough* (see Intro Calc) everything should be fine. We havn't had anything markable yet, so I don't know how much Leiper's beating me by, although I assume that it'll be very little. I'm convinced that this year I'll put up a good fight for dux. Anyway, we're stuck in the little stingy room 40 for this, which just sucks. The air conditioning is nonexistant, but he occasionally move on days when it is over 40 degrees to room 39, approx 10 degrees.   Intro Calc       - Mrs Boyland  Hehe, on the first day there was this little yr 8 kid who was in our class instead of room 40 something. he sat there for half the lesson while Mrs Boyland explained the differences between different types of number without even saying anything. Then she was going on about the importance of Graphics Calcs and he had the little tiny thing, probably not even scientific. You'd think he'd realise he was in the wrong class after seeing "YEAR 11 INTRODUCTORY CALCULUS" written on the top of the handout. Halfway through the lesson Mrs Boyland ask to see his timetable and Cartledge took him to the appropriate class. Oh my, it was funny. Anyway, same old classroom for Intro Calc, even if I had to move seats. With Morgan gone there was a huge population vacuum, so Paul and I jumped back a couple seats. I've got a good enough seat I guess. I'm in communication range with Hawkins, Cartledge, Jordan, Paul, Shelli P (and Matt Scoble who arrived a week late due to the Leeuwin). If I need to I mouth things to Rose, Kyla and Tonya, but I'm pretty content with my current seating. The work we've been doing? Easy stuff such as functions, sequences and gradients. The test however... Mr Durdan is EVIL I tell you. E-V-I-L! He amde all of those things so difficult. Given to us in a single period it was 4 A4 sheets long with every problem past the 1st page being extremely difficult. (Strangley enough, all of my errors were on the first page. I got everything else right.) Many people didn't even get time to finish the test. It was a shocking experience for all. I scored top of the class with 31/34, which was scaled up to 94%. Henriette and Leiper scored better than me though with 96% and 98% respectively.  That's enough talk about subjects for now. After all, I have to have something to guiltily draw me back into posting next Sunday. Damn, it's not even Sunday anymore. It's like 12:17am. Oh well, public holiday today :). Anyway, it would be a tragedy for me to post without at least telling you some stories of him. On the third day of school Mr. Boyland interupted the Physics class to speak with me. Next to him was this... abnormality dressed in a fluro green Hawaiian shirt (no joking!). He was the new kid I had to show around. Honestly, I didn't know whether to feel sick or to burst out laughing. He had the circumference on a small sun, and the gigantic shirt he bore was brighter than one. e was in EVERY ONE OF MY CLASSES (except for the Intro). I was told I'd have to show him around tomorrow, and to turn up at the office before form. So anyway, the following day Tonya practically dragged me to the office around 15 minutes before I was meant to be there. Mr. Boyland practically accused Tonya of having a crush on him, and I went along with it because I was a) grumpy I had to show him around, b) right about being to early and c) no seriously,  really really grumpy . He was already being referred to as "Hayden's Best Friend". Anyway, Tonya then refused to return to the office so Cartledge vouched to go. We walked into the office, and we saw Gabe sitting on the closest 3 seats. Then Cartledge turned around and sprinted just as Gabe spotted me. I then had to show him around the room as he kept saying "Top Stuff" to me. Anyway, the siren went after about a lifetime or two and I escaped to form, followed by Intro Calc (the best 150 minutes of the day). And what he said in class? Well, you'll just have to wait until next week.   Coming Up  - Physics, Geography and English Lit - Clubs - Henriette - Gabe's English Room Story Evaluation - Another Paragraph Entitled  Coming Up   P.S. Morgan, I deleted one of your posts. You must've clicked the button twice because there's two of them. And of course no one else has posted. Only you, me and Tonya know about the site. I've still gotta find a way to let everyone else find out. Also, could either you or Tonya post about this weekend's not-happening trip to Perth? Someone has to post it, but I don't know what happened. Your story will be much better. Thanks.