Well today was a very lazy Sunday.  I spent most of the day with my friends Serd and Jason.  Serd is not his given name, just the one we call him by.  See in middle school on the first day of some year some semester his name was misspelled on the roll sheet.  So for every class they would call "Serd Thomas" (note: his real name is Sean).  So he would have to correct the teacher every time.  And thus Serd was born.  We didn't do a whole lot.  Pretty much nerdy guy stuff.  We found a really good wrestling game for the Nintindo 64 for only $5 at a used games store a while back.  The game has an option where you can create your own wrestler so we ended up making ourselves and then beating each other up.  We later went out and got some food at a place called Zaxby's.  Had to explain exactly what kind of restaurant it is but I think Asma knows it.  I'm pretty sure there is one in Athens. Today was no good for football.  Falcons are a whopping 1-3.  Not good.  But on the up side the Braves have clinched home field.  I think this is the year, Braves all the way.   11) impecunious- lacking funds; without money 12) obviate- to anticipate and make unnecessary 13) effusive- gushing; pouring out 14) harangue- to deliver a pompous speech or tirade 15) apostate- one who deserts professed principles faith or party I think I'm going to move from vocabulary words to general trivia.  I've unearthed a trivia book in my room but it is really hard.  So I'll post a few of them just to keep you guys occupied.  If I could figure out a way to keep score I'd have a contest and then buy the winner a drink when I get back.  I'm open to ideas.  I guess I feel the need to put extra stuff on my blog b/c my life is pretty boring at the moment.  Knock yourselves out. 1) Hamlet- with 1,530 lines- is the longest speaking part in all of Shakespeare's plays.  What is the second longest? 2) What was the first name of baseball great Cy Young? 3) What part of the strawberry plant is the true fruit? 4) What was Beatle John Lennon's middle name? 5) Which U2 song is a tribute to Martin Luther King Jr.? So when I get to Korea I wonder if I will have a roommate.  I hope not.  My first roommate potato Dave was a decent enough roomy.  He was clean and respectful but for some reason decided to just not like me.  He complained about the phone ringing a lot.  I don't know.  Seems he has taken a liking to Asma.  My second roommate Megan was a nice girl but little bit on the messy side.  We always seemed to have issues with the garbage and dirty dishes etc.  But we never got in any fights and seemed to get along rather well besides that.  I really hope I get my own place just so I don't have to deal with anything or anyone.  After being at home I just want to have my own space and be left the hell alone.  I wonder how close I'll live to the subway?  I hope it is walking distance b/c I love being able to take it downtown.  Becky why can't I leave comments on your page?  Do I need to sign up with journal space?  That's the impression I get.  Whenever I click on the comments section and then it doesn't go to a comment page I get discouraged and give up.  Too much effort.  Actually I'm afraid I'll like journal space more and want to switch.  So to avoid that I just don't sign up.