After this last weekend, I have come to have a new-found respect for motherhood or parenthood in general.  Sunday was my parents 45th wedding anniversary, and I planned a family gathering for them.  My brother couldn't come from Colorado, but my sister-in-law and two nephews (aged 6 and 3) came to stay with us.  My sister flew in from Delaware with my 10-month-old nephew as a surprise, even though she and her husband moved into their new house last Wednesday.  My other brother lives with my folks, so of course he was there, although his 11 month old son was not. (The mother of my brother's child is his ex-girlfriend, so he sees the nipper every other weekend.) My cousin and his wife came to the party with their 4 month old daughter, and my aunt and uncle came with their seven-year-old triplets.  It's been "kid central" at my normally "adult" house.  Quite frankly, I'm exhausted!  After several days of little boys running though my house, telling me "no", slamming doors, stomping through my flower beds, refusing to eat, having "accidents" and other miscellaneous child activity, I have come to the conclusion that those of us who do not have a child in the house all the time do not appreciate those who do as much as we should.  I tried to get my nephews to take a nap today while their mother was gone, which was a definite no-go.  Actually, I was the one desperate for a nap.  Zoo, Children's Museum, parks, just playing in addition to my regular stuff I need to do - how do parents with jobs do it?  I have deep admiration for them.    I also know that I would discipline my own children differently than my brother and sister-in-law.  My three-year-old nephew is so spoiled - they cave to his every whim.  He and I had a "come-to-Jesus" this morning after he threw a huge tantrum.  They have not introduced the whole "cause and effect" concept to him with any follow through.  For example, I said if you do not take a bath, you do not get Spiderman back.  He refused and  threw a fit.  You would have thought that taking him to another room to calm down was tantamount to killing him, listening to the way he screamed.  He did eventually calm down, but not after a battle royale between our two wills.  Sorry kid, I work with 9th graders - I'm going to win!  I think he won't be sad to see me go when they leave in the morning.  My uncle (father of the triplets) told me on Sunday how great it was to come to house where it was clean, tidy and crap wasn't all over the place.  I told him that he had three lovely people to care for him in his old age.  He told me he'd gladly give me one of the kids.  I had a momentary pang on Sunday, but now I think we made the right choice for us.  I DO adore my sister's little boy, who I call "Spud."  He is sweet, smart, and thinks his auntie is the most wonderful person in the world.  Perhaps we have a such a good relationship because he can't talk back to me yet.  Only time will tell.