How is it that I got here?  What began as a search for my partner's blog resulted in the beginning of my own.  Over the months, I've read her words.  Occasionally surprised by what I've read.  I guess some things she'd rather say anonymously to a strangers than to the people who know her well.  To say the least, I find it entertaining to read her thoughts as they appear on my computer screen.  Why the title?  Well, because that seems to be the question on the minds of many.  Or is it?  Perhaps, it is my own paranoia.  In my conservative profession, I am as closeted as they come.  I am out to my family and friends, but I am hidden deep in the closet with the lights off at work.  I think some may have been suspicious of me, that is, until I began to wear make-up again.  I think others dismissed me as being young and "different."  I won't call it eclectic because I am tired of listening to all of the people who describe themselves as eclectic.  I'm a young, black woman with locs and musical tastes that are unusual for one who is my age.  I am very New Age.  I'm very much aware of my spiritual existence in the physical world.  Yes, I am one of those people who have made contact with those on the other side.  Not one of the people who believes that they are making contact, but one who knows that they are.  I do it quite frequently actually.  We all have the ability.  It's just that few of us choose to tap into it.  However, some of us have developed our gifts more than others.  I am increasingly becoming more clairaudient and clairvoyant.  It really depends on how comfortable I feel.  The more comfortable I feel, the stronger I become.  I'm not going to use my ability to write books or to obtain my own talk show.  That is, according to one medium I met with recently.  She said that I will use my gifts mostly in my current profession.  My profession allows me to touch the lives of many.  So what began as a search resulted in these words that you see here.  I probably won't write often.  As a matter of fact, I may not return for weeks at a time.  When the mood strikes, I will write.  Mostly, I'll be around to read the words of my partner, Nappilesbyan.  I hope she doesn't mind me mentioning her here.  I haven't asked her if I may make the connection between the two of us. She refers to me as "K" in her posts.  I'll simply refer to her as "T" in my own posts.  My son will be "R," the dogs "P" and "B," and the cats "S" and "J."  This is fun already!  I feel like I'm casting the next Men in Black!  SommerRaine