So today I was my second day of class.  I absolutely love it!  The first mishap occurred promptly with the first few seconds of class time.  I arrived early (halelujah sang the chorus)and was getting my stuff all together, markers, highlighters, notebooks, all my shit pulled out of the bag.  The sign in log finally makes it's way to me and I'm not in there.  That's when it occurred to me.  Fuck.  I'm Kim T-C, not Kim C.  The M-Zs are in the other rooms.  Shit.  Now I waltz into my real classroom (did i happen to mention that we had already made our nametags and the teacher had already started telling us about herself in the first room) of course the last one there.  Fortunately they had not started doing anything yet.  Teacher informs of that someone is coming late.  (thank god, i'm not really the last one).   It was a fun day.  The teacher is extremely good.  Lots of experience.  She's done Reading recovery in title 1 schools and such.  (now i know what a title 1 school is :p) I feel kinda oldish.  The average age of these women is probably like 24 or so.  Most of them just graduated within the last semester to couple of years.  No men.  Only 2 black women and 3 hispanic women.  Total of like 22 in my class.  I'm learning to teach pre-k through 4th. I volunteered for everything (very teacher's pettish of me).  I was Papa bear in the retelling of Goldilocks and the Three Bears.  No one else wanted him.   The lights went out during the massive rain storm.  We all got soaked.  But the band played on. Today, 6/9/04.  I can add it to one of my most embarrassing moments.  One of the very top of my very many, many moments.  I'm wearing this button up short-sleeved striped shirt with navy blue capris.  (no this is not a Danielle Steele novel.  I was not wearing a Donna Karan suit with black leather pumps carrying a gucci bag.)  The desks we sit in are those typical plastic chair with wooden top attached that you slide into.  Well, I guess I need to work on my sliding skills cuz when I went to get up to throw my Java House coffe cup away, I hear this ripping, sorta shredding noise.  I turn around and the women behind and beside me have their mouths open with their jaws on the ground.  "Oh no!" one exclaims.  The woman beside me, whom I now know to be Elizabeth, starts laughing so hard tears are rolling down her cheeks.  She says, "that's it for you, papa bear, no volunteering for stuff in that shirt."  You can tell the teacher is a bit miffed at our disruption of her lesson.  The next thing I know, she's calling me to come up and underline phonemes.  As I walk up, she bemoans (huge intake of air) "Oh my gosh!  What happened to your shirt?."  It is at this point that I can no longer even pretend not to be completely humiliated.  I can't stop laughing though.  Even now, as I recall that sound and their faces I just can not stop laughing.   I said something about going to Target to get a new shirt and pragmatic Elizabeth says why bother.  "We've already seen you now."   So i just go to lunch in the torn shirt.     Then later we play phoneme bingo and i win.  I have to say the sounds of the letters, i say /k/, /l/, /h/ and /z/.  Then for some reason correct myself and say /ks/ (x), i think because Elizabeth and I think that is so weird and we've been saying it all day, ks, ks, ks.  Now more laughter and the teacher makes me do the whole line again.  I didn't even eat my lollipop.  I feel like the class clown or something.  And I meant to have a much different image.  oh well, i yam what i yam. The other crazy thing i just remembered is that someone asked about the letter people and what happened to them.  Of course, most of us don't know who the fuck the letter people are.  The imagery going on was crazy.  It turns out they are these big blow up letters similar in material to beach balls.  I guess each letter has a person on it.  Some teachers had the whole alphabet.  Our instructor says "oh, they've gone out of favor."  The world of education has shunned the Letter people.  First they ditch Dick and Jane, now the Letter People, who's next?