Some people sing. Some people dance. I journal. I always have, since a very young age. I'm 25 now. Something about having a copy of my thoughts. I like looking back and taking a look at how I've changed over the years. An introspective side I guess.  Besides journalling, I have a few other interests.   My husband and I have a wonderful thing. We were married last summer, and our relationship has not changed in the least bit since the day we met. It was an interesting story, which I can get into later. Right now he lives two and a half hours drive away, so I only see him on the weekends, but as of this December I will have finished school and will be able to be closer to him. My days are spent studying to be an elementary school teacher. Teaching has been one of my recent passions. I hope it will carry me through my working years. I am particularly fond of working one-on-one with children who need that extra support and encouragement to learn.   I'm not a social butterfly. As many personality tests have indicated, I prefer to have one or two close friends. I talk with my sister, and have a few good friends who I met during my elementary education program. Myers-Briggs has me down as an INTP, but that was a few years ago.. I may have changed a bit since.   I have been told that I am honest. I would like to think so. There is nothing I hate more than fake behaviour. I would like to think that I am a good listener.  My philosophy on life reflects my introspective side in that I am on a quest to "know myself". In general, I don't hold many strong political opinions on today's matters. For the most part, it's because I don't feel like I know enough to form a decision, and I feel that unless I am informed, I would rather sit on the fence than have to pick a side and not be able to defend it solidly. I do hold strong feelings about good parenting though, as I intend to be a parent in the next few years. I think it's a real shame when kids suffer at the parent's expense.  How's that for an intro?