The past 10 days has been relatively peaceful and stress-free. Shelby spent the week visiting her aunt, uncle, and cousins in TN. Wendy even spent a few days at Popi's. All I had to do was a few of the usual errands - getting Shelby registered at VCHS, etc. In the evenings we planted some desert plants in the back yard.  Back to school tomorrow for 7 days of teacher inservice (which seems excessive). One day meeting with my new group (the 10th Grade team), two days of new teacher inservice, and four days of school-wide inservice. I hate these things. They take two hours to step you through a manual that you could read on your own. Maybe this is so teachers can experience firsthand what students feel.  My dad's neighbor Anna Mae called tonight to tell me she brought him to the emergency room. He was experiencing severe pain in his chest, and around his back. Plus, his heart has been racing for about a week now. (He saw his doctor on Tuesday, who changed his prescription) So, he has three kidney stones plus they want him to stay in ICU for a few days to monitor his heart. I talked to him briefly and he sounded in good spirits.  Ellie (his ex-girlfriend) just called to tell me to come to his house tomorrow morning to pick up his shaving kit, toothbrush, and mints, to take to him at the hospital in Riverside. (which is an hour drive from here) I told her I had to work tomorrow, but would be happy to bring them up to him when I got off work in the afternoon. In the meantime, he could buy a toothbrush from the hospital pharmacy for $1.99. She immediately guilt-tripped me with "Well, I'll just bring it up to him tomorrow because he'll need these things. But you'll need to go see him tomorrow night." (Thanks, you bitch, for telling me what to do.)  I really hate her. And I hope my dad will be okay.  The judge deferred Craig's case with ex-wife til September.  We have decided to retain a lawyer to help him, because even though he does a good job writing down all the facts, it takes a lawyer to know all the procedural crap.  He found a lawyer who said that we are going to deposition the ex so that she can reiterate her lies under oath, on tape.  Cost of Retaining Lawyer: $6,000-$8,000 Cost of Getting Ex-Wife off our Backs: Priceless