This week I really feel like throwing in the towel! I’ve tried blogging to my blogspot twice, and twice lost all the info I typed.  I’m doing it in Word now to be on the safe side.  My last blog was a list of woes and grievances: to recap, my social/family life is hectic, my work life stressful, and my study life depressing.  I am also suffering spiritually.  This Sunday was the second Sunday I’d missed church to work on my studies.  I feel that this is bad for me spiritually and emotionally, and as I am a church leader, it also does not set a good example for others in the church.  If it weren’t for the Joyce Meyer programme every morning at 6, my spiritual life would be very dry.  As it is, I feel spiritually unfulfilled.  I’m beginning to think I should not have done this long-distance course;  maybe I should have waited two years. I don’t think I’ll study in the third term next year.  The third term is very tough:  My Grade 12’s are finishing up and I have all the organization of their Matric final exams to sort out;  at the same time I must finalise the Grade 8 2005 intake, prepare for their information evening, sort out the prize-giving etc.  I’m really downcast about my studies this week.  I’ve tried FTP-ing the webpage I made but no links are transported.  I don’t understand this because all the links work in FrontPage. I even tried Ants’s suggestion of .htm instead of .html but nothing helps. Even my postcard  won’t work.  I managed to post my statement on Games at 8h00 on the dot, but I’m not very proud of the effort.  I only worked on it ½ an hour before closing time because I had to stay at work late to sort out the ICDL lectures.  One good thing – I wrote my ICDL theory test on impulse this Saturday and got 90%.  Anyway, I’m really thinking twice about studying more than two modules next year. I think I must work in the first 6 months and take the last 6 months off, especially as I’ll be teaching Computer Studies for the first time EVER and it will be a lot of new work to learn.  So from a sad Odette  Good night