I have a degree in Psychology, that's a B.S. Im working as a pre school teacher. I love children. i love babies i even love their nappies. I once worked as a psychometrician  (sounds really heavy, but that is just a person who administers tests to applicants) I didn’t  enjoy it tho i got a lot of thank you calls and got a lot of secret admirers... hahaha.. i remember getting a tiny note on my  desk one morning, it says I LOVE YOU MS. NAT... bad hand writing i might add, then my head starts imagining, could it be from  the CEO, the gigantic boss of all bossess (he is now dead by the way, may your soul sir rest in peace tho u always bring tension and unbearable butterflies in my stomach wenever ur at sight), from the mini bald boss of the other department, who'd always give such colgate smile, the cutie 6-footer called Brum who called me Vanessa del Bianco ( hahaha.. oh come on...!) or uhmm... manong  security guard who pacifies me with maxx candy right on cue just when im running out of saliva (as so much was spent on talking and explaining exam instructions to dumb arses) hmmm... none of them actually, hmm who was it from? from the messenger called JR who later on asked me to marry him... hahahaha.anyway,  I dont drink alcohol anymore, as i have developed a belly, i smoke like 6 times in a year (i have a feeling i might get in trouble with this one.. family members, inyaki included...please be mature) just to feel  normal. I drink a lot of coffee and soda. I have a thing for bad boys. I always thought being a psych graduate and all that i could fix them (some charity work). I will go to New York soon with my nys (yes called as such as means, new yorkers) diorelli vergara and jom cruz (love your girls!). Im currently reading a book called "the devil wears prada" its about this 23 yr old, Brown graduate named Andrea who works for Runway, this uber chic fashion spread, and is assistant to an ultimate devilness boss called Miranda. I love Bridget Jones' Diary, books and movie. If she was ever a real person, shed be my other god (as the Lord,bein on top of my list! and i mean this just cos im trying to make a point.. but not rily.. uhmm.. you know wat i mean) Im a drama queen. I had a gay friend in college. He was very, very funny though he had a bad case of bad breath.. Ooopsss! double bad.. now thats really bad. :)