So like I said in my last post I went to go hunt for someone to cut my hair.  Well after a little bit of searching I found somewhere still open that looked more or less decent.  The going price was a buck.  I figured what the hell and rolled the dice.  Couldn't be much worse then Korean haircuts.  And come to find out it couldn't have turned out better.  For once I got the kind of cut I wanted and the guy didn't even speak English.  He showed me a book of pictures, I pointed to something that looked pretty good.  He then asked "same, same?"  I replied "same, same."  And the rest is history. So yesterday was a great deal of fun.  To start with I caught a tour and the first stop was some kind of vietnamese temple with a unique type of religion only found in Vietnam.  We got to see a ceremony and walk around the temple and stuff.  I'll just say it was interesting.  The temple is impossible to describe.  If I had to sum it up in two words it would be colorful and big. From there we went to the Chu Chi tunnels that he VC dug during the war.  Now this was just awesome in a really dirty sweaty way.  We got to crawl through the network of tunnels for over a 100 meters.  You don't realize how long a 100 meters is until you've crawled it through one of these itty bitty tunnels.  I'll be there first to admit I'd have made a terrible VC.  The whole structure was rather amazing.  I could never imagine living and fighting in these tunnels.  Scary stuff.  We also got to see some bomb craters still left over from B-52s.  Man those guys meant business b/c they left some big craters.   The people on my tour were all really cool.  We somehow ended up with a ton of Ausies.  I was the only American.   Once back and cleaned up I figured I needed to go out and see what Saigon had to offer as far as nightlife.  I didn't really have a plan.  Just figured I'd bounce around downtown meet some people who knew what was up and go from there.  Well I ended up finding exactly the people I needed at the place I was eating in my part of town.  I ended up hanging out with 2 Americans and an Ausie.  One of the Americans was tanked, the other was trying to get his mack on with a Latino girl that joined us so that left the Ausie and I go downtown and giver.  And giver we did.  I think he was in his 40's but I could have be wrong.  Anyway he'd been coming here for forever, spoke some serious Vietnamese and knew everything that needed to be known.  He gave me the downlow on how the mafia and the cops functioned, which bars were good and which to look out for.  We hit up the club of clubs in Saigon which is a place called "Apocalypse Now."  It was actually a pretty cool club.  Plenty of room and lots of people.  There were tons of bouncers there too.  We didn't hang out here too long.  Most of the girls here were working he said.  I believe it.  Same deal in Thailand.  As long as there are foriegners with money there will be girls trying to get it.  Then for the hell of it he took me to what he called "the seediest bar in town."  And I think he was right.  This place was more or less a brothel.  A little uncomfortable but an interesting experience none the less.  After this I called it a night.  It was really early, not even 1.  But I was so tired from the trip and needed some sleep.  Anyway we hit a some other nicer, normal bars before hand and Saigon seems to have a really cool nightlife.  I wish I could partake a little more in it before moving on. Today was pretty tame by my touring standards.  I got out and moving a little after 10.  I checked out Chinatown and the market there.  On my way there I had the most interesting ride on a motor bike ever.  I think I know what the guy in the Matrix 2 felt like while he sat on the back of the motorcycle while trinity drove againts traffic.  This was pretty much how my ride went.  This dude was either the best driver ever, or totally fucking nuts.  Either way I managed to make it there alive.  I think I was the only whitie there.  I also think not many whities make it there b/c nobody tried to speak to me or sale me anythings (rather odd I thought).  So I managed to wonder into the Chinese super mega hotel complex or something like that.  It was a badass shopping plaza where I came across an arcade that had several of my all time favorite video games.  After a few video games (which I did really well at) I moved on and checked out a temple/pagoda.  Then I zipped to the other side of town eat at Binh's soup shop.  Why go all that way just to eat noodles?  Well turns out this shop was the secret headquarters for the VC during the war.  Really it wasn't anything special and I was the only person there.  The guy also wanted 10,000 D for a coke (way too expensive).  I then walked around and checked out 2 more temples.  I think I'm offically templed out.  I've seen way too many and at this point unless there is some really awesome history or it's some fantastic work of art, I really just don't care.   I then spent the rest of the evening on a rooftop cafe planning out my next destination and writing in my journal.  Very relaxing.   All I can say is that Saigon has been a great experiance.  I'll be leaving tomorrow and I'm a bit sad.  Not sad really but I wish I could spend a little more time here and I wish I just had some people to kick it with and bumb around with for a few days.  But I'm on a schedule as Gyeh-son might actually fly in to meet me in Hanoi.  So I need to get my ass up there.  I'll be heading to the beach tomorrow and I have high expectations for that.  I'm not a huge beach person but I'll be a nice change from the noisy big city.  Speaking of noise you can't imagine how loud this city is.  People are always beeping their horns.   If all works out I should make it to Hanoi around the 1st of July.  This should give me time to do all the things I want to along the way.  Patrick out.