Here is an article some of you may find interesting...    urlLink http://www.aim.org/media_monitor/1684_0_2_0_C/    I saw the Oprah show in question.  (I hasten to add that I never watch Oprah, but I was at my health club on the treadmill, and it was on.)  The description is right on the money.  Isn't this great?  Someone or something creates a sense of sexual or gender confusion in your child, and instead of getting to the bottom of the trauma/problem, you'll have government officials, school administrators and media celebrities advocating that you get your child a sex-change operation.  (And here I thought it was rather scandalous that people are buying their teenage daughters boob jobs!)  Watching the show, it was so clear how desperate the parents were.  They would believe and do anything at that point.  Those of you with your children in public schools had better pay close attention to what they are being taught.  Not what they tell you they are teaching the children; what is actually in the materials themselves.  And what those who write and espouse these materials really have as their primary objectives.  It is not education, it is indoctrination, brainwashing and yes, recruitment.  Sad, but true.  And we have proof, although no one wants to talk about it.   "Sex education," as it has been called in this country in the public schools for the past 30 years, has produced little besides precocious promiscuity, teen pregnancy and abortions, the rapid spread of STD's among teenagers, and a staggering rise of infertility in women in their 20's and 30's that is directly related to sex with multiple partners at a young age.  (When was the last time you read an article by an OB-GYN describing this?  But it is true, nevertheless...)   It was bad enough when these self-proclaimed experts were arguing in favor of distributing condoms and demonstrating their use to high schools students.  Remember that at the time (and still today), the argument was that, "They are doing it anyway, so we need to teach them how to do it safely."  Uh-huh.  Sure.  And now, it has moved to middle school.  And why?  Because, of course, "they are doing it anyway."  How many of us have NOT heard a horror story of an 8th grade co-ed party involving alcohol and fellatio (just to give one example), or the exploitative sexual experimentation that someone comes across in a public school bathroom?  (If you haven't heard anything like this yet, you are either very lucky, you have no friends with middle-school-age children, or you live in the woods and homeschool your children.)   If "they are doing it anyway," it is because they live in a culture that does nothing but advocate irresponsible sexual conduct, and then abortion to pick up the pieces (if you will excuse the extremely ugly and unintended pun).  Isn't it ironic that all across the country, middle-school-age children are engaging in oral sex, and telling those who catch them in the act, "we thought it wasn't sex"?  Remember where that one came from?   In the 1960's and 70's, the "sexual revolution" was for adults and college students.  But that wasn't enough.  In the 1970's, and 80's it was high school students.  But that wasn't enough.  In the 90's and today, this insidious mindset has moved into middle school.     And they will not stop there.  As those on the Oprah show and the sex education experts touting gay marriage themselves argue, it is time to move into the grade schools.   What I am telling you, my friends, is that there are people out there with their sexual sights set on your children - the younger the better - and if you think this isn't true, you are deluding yourselves.  It is NOT about educating them or making them "safe," despite all that obfuscating blather to the contrary.  (Check out the journal Paedika if you don't believe me or think I am exaggerating.  That is, if you can stomach knowing what the paedophiles' social and political agenda really is.)  It is about increasing social tolerance for deviant and destructive conduct by indoctrinating the youngest among us.  You may say, and with good reason, that this does not describe  your  beloved teachers, or  your  trusted administrators.  But if  your  beloved teachers or  your  trusted administrators buy into the whole, "they're doing it anyway, so now we have to teach them how to do it safely," or "we have to teach them not to discriminate," shtick, then they are the sexual predators' and social "engineers" unwitting pawns.   You cannot depend upon the schools to keep your children safe.  You have to do it yourself.  We all do.  And it is getting to the point where  school  is what we have to keep them safe from.  God help us.