Hey there world!  Apparently this thing is really going to work and not be too complicated for me.  The test of time will tell whether I keep it updated or not.  And I suppose, if no body really reads it, then what point is there in keeping it up to date, right?  I mean, I already have a variety of things that I write in and a bunch of different ways to keep in contact with all my friends.  I suppose what I'm really getting at here is the purpose for me doing this.  Well, I started typing a type of "update on my life" on Nathan's website, figuring that at least Mom and Dad would be interested.  I'm not really sure if anyone actually ever read it there--I think they did because I don't think I visited it as many times as it said it was viewed, but I know that it wasn't read much.  Part of that may be because it was hard to really get down to what was the updated post, I think, and this format really helps change that.  For the forum format, it's important to have the last thing written on the bottom, but for this kind of thing, it's more convient to have the most recent on the top.  Anyway.  That really just gets at why I'm doing it here instead of Greynose.  Why am I writing?  Because I like to think that at least some people are interested in hearing what I have to say.  I'm very possibly very wrong in that.  But it's nice to think sometimes.  There are people that I know that like to know that I'm still alive but may not want to talk with me, and this will give them the opportunity to just log on, check and see if there's been a post in the last two weeks just so they can say, "Yup, looks like she's still kickin'."  :o)  And that's fine.  I hope to eventually post some of my writing projects on here, too.  I'm a little reluctant to post a lot of that because, I mean, we all know how easy it is to snatch things off the web.  But I'd like to share stuff with you guys and hopefully get some construcive feedback (like "That paragraph is really, really aweful!  Take it out, shred it, and never speak of it again!!").  I suppose that's really all there is to it.  But that's okay, isn't it?  :oP  If nothing else, it'll just make me write more and writing more is always a good thing.  So that's all for today.  Have a fantastic weekend everybody!  Be sure to get to church on Sunday (or Saturday, I suppose), and spend time with your heavenly Father, too!  Love and blessings, ya'll!