urlLink Bulldogs golf team could be area's best ever   This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press Sunday, May 4, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Highland golf coach Lyn Boop has inadvertently started a part-time catering business this year.  Anytime "anything significant happens" for Highland, Boop buys the golfer a dinner.  At a Golden League match on April 28 at Tierra Del Sol in California City, Highland set a new course, school, and league record by shooting 368 as a team.  "That match cost me six dinners," said Boop.  The way Highland has been playing this year, Boop might want to reexamine his definition of the word "significant".  Highland has won every Golden League match dating back to May of 2001. The Bulldogs are 35-0 in league play after going 40-0 last year.  The six golfers on the Highland golf team- seniors Brandon Olsson and Pat Londono, juniors Eugene Park and Ryan Kahl, sophomore Erik Jarvey, and freshman John Park, brother of Eugene - claim six of the seven lowest averages in the league.  The Lyn Boop catering service has been working overtime.  Boop downplays his role in Highland's success this year.  After the record-breaking win in California City, one of the Highland parents congratulated Boop on the victory.  "What did I do?" Boop said.   "I just steer the ship and drive the van."  And buy the dinners.  "All these guys can kick my butt. Honestly, the only guy I can compete with is our alternate (James Jang)," said Boop. "Olsson and Londono have only been golfing for a few years. I've been playing my whole life and I'll never be as good as they are."  A large part of Highland's success comes from the players' work ethic.  "These kids, they're out every day. Cold, windy, hot, whatever, working hard," said Boop.  The team lives on the golf course.  Kahl, the Park brothers, and Olsson live just off the course at Antelope Valley Country Club. Jarvey, Jang, and Londono are junior members there.  Most of them compete in tournaments on the weekends, some as far away as Phoenix and Sacramento.  With that kind of dedication, it was never a question of whether or not they where going to win the Golden League.  "We knew we were going to be good," said Boop. "We want to go on (in the playoffs). We want to be one of those two teams at regionals."  For all the success Highland has had this year, there's one goal the team is still stalking.  "No Highland team has gotten out of the first round of the playoffs," said Boop.  There are 22 teams in the first round of the CIF playoffs. Only two go on to regionals.  Boop knows what it is like to taste post-season success. He began his coaching career at Sunny Hills High School in Fullerton, where the team went to the state finals in his first season as coach.  He has tried to instill that same drive into the Highland players.  "Deep down there's this fire burning inside them," Boop said. "They said, 'Let's do something we've never done before.'"  Highland has reason to be hopeful, Golden League success aside. Earlier in the season, Highland beat highly-ranked Hart High School. It gave them confidence that they can compete with teams outside the Valley.  "This might be the best team to come out of the Valley. Ever," Boop said.  And if that translates into post-season success, a celebration is in order. Food courtesy of Coach Boop.