Dear Journal, Its high time I wrote to introduce myself, and my dilemmas. I have two beautiful sons. Neither of them were ever mistakes! Simply unexpected miracles. Matthew’s father, Billy Jo Hatch, was a mistake! I met him when I was 15 years old; I was at Kimberly’s for Ralph/Harley’s birthday. Billy was Ralph’s “best” friend. That year, I was just boy crazy in general. And I had the advantage of being built like a mid-twenties gal! He was 20. I guess we hit it off pretty well. The first and very last times we had sex were great; all the ones in between were a blur, you know, bad enough to forget. Early 1997, July or August, I ran away from home. That also happened to be my last time running away. I got to Burlington by-way-of Gary, someone Kim used to know. I stayed with Billy and his mom, Mary McFatter. Billy was so surprised to find me there at his house, he was speechless all night! Kimberly was in Nebraska at that time, so I was pretty bored mostly. Mama didn’t call the cops on me this time; I suppose she knew its do no good. I was a stupid kid!! I saw life like I was on top of the world, a free spirit! Mama brought some of my clothes to me, and even took me to buy a dress for church. If you ask me my regrets in life, I’d tell you. It was hurting her!! September 4th, 1997, I called mama, reluctantly, and told her that I was 4 weeks pregnant. I heard her heart BREAKING, and I just wanted to DIE! And I tried; before I thought about that life inside me, I tried ending mine. You name it, I tried it. That was the longest night of my life. I suppose I should’ve seen these failed attempts as a sign from God, but no, I didn’t. On September 16th, I came home for Kara’s birthday. I went back to Billy’s after a brief stay. In November I moved in with Kimberly (she got back late September) and I broke it off with Billy. Yes, I left him! Its kind of funny, because when I told him the baby news, he was ecstatic. He walked into traffic, while telling everyone he was going to be a daddy. But something happened; one night he got a serious, insane look in his eyes, looked at me, and told me if I ever TRIED to leave him, I’d never see our son again. But before that, something else happened, between Billy and Amy; I think I realized he wasn’t good enough for me. I mean he was PERFECT for me as a person, but as a mother, no. My child would be in danger! Kimberly and I told Billy I was visiting my grandpa in the hospital for the weekend. Knowing he’d never be home at night, she and I walked from her grandma’s to Billy’s and back again, with my belongings in hand. Every step I took closer to her house, the surer I was about this being the best decision I’ve ever made. At 4 months pregnant, I went back home. I know my mom was happy, to at least have me home safely. I think I implied to family that Billy beat on me. I’d like to take this moment to say he didn’t. It would have been great to get his stupid ass arrested for abuse, physical and sexual, on a minor, but alas it’s not true. He came really close one night; I told him I cheated on him with, BTW he’s really racist, DeFonse-a black guy he knew of, and Hector-an Hispanic he didn’t know, but his sister Tammy did. I think at that moment I wanted him to hit me. Cutting only goes so far for oneself; perhaps I wanted someone else to cause my physical anguish/sublimity. April 25th, 1998 at 10:00pm, while reading in my room, I started my contractions of labor. I swear, I was the only one who was calmly getting ready. Really, I was playing my game boy. After 15 ½ hours of natural labor and Mama by my side, Eric Matthew Yates blessed the world with his 7 pound 5 ounce presence. The last time I saw Billy was July 1998. He was sobering up, swearing he was getting better so he could be a father. He asked me to come back to him, to at least be with him 1 last time. I said no. Yes, somewhere inside I loved him, and I wanted to say yes. But I knew whom he was, how he thought. And I had a really bad feeling about him right then. Put aside all the good things, and all the bad things, I still knew he wasn’t ready to grow up, and be someone’s father. Jonathan’s daddy is Donald Ralph Springer, Jr. He and I were Jr high and high school sweethearts. 2 ½ years, on and off, together. I was in love with him, really! I quit school October 1996 and we lost touch. November 21st, 2000, Josh and I got in a wreck. It was my first real wreck, and my last to date. I began having strange feelings, my anxiety attacks reached new unknown levels; My obsessional thoughts went to worst-case scenario dreams, thoughts that I have less or no time left for stuff. So I first ended my little feud with Daddy and I started looking for Donnie. After so many years, I began thinking of him, everyday. I figured I’d never really find him, but I kept at it anyway, and one night online I found an address under the name Donald R. Springer. I mean, how many people can there be with that name?? So I sat down and started writing the letter; I sent it mid-December. Well, I received a reply in mid-January, and we began writing to one another, and then gradually started talking on the phone. Early March, soon after we began visiting with each other, we began the intimate relationship. All those old feelings came rushing back all at once! That was a mistake that we both made; we picked up where we left off in 1996 when we were just kids, but we should have started over clean slate. September 11th, 2001, my mom and psuedo-dad rushed me to the ER due to severe stomach pains, which turned out to be a cyst. The doctors ran different tests and it was confirmed to our fears: I was 4 weeks pregnant. 4 weeks pregnant again, and feeling Mama’s heart break again, all I could manage was “I’m sorry” to Mama. I couldn’t even look at her. After that night, I couldn’t find Donnie to tell him. It turns out Kim’s pill-popper boyfriend Dwayne told him. When he finally called me, I could tell in his voice he wasn’t happy; he did not want this pregnancy to continue. Let me say, in 1997, my dad offered to pay for an abortion. I said “no way in hell!” Donnie denied wanting an abortion in my 2001 pregnancy, but I told him “either way, no way in hell!” Gradually, after that first conversation, our relationship deteriorated. I saw him 1 time throughout my pregnancy, when I was 6 months along. That was the last time I saw him. On April 26th, 2002, I told him this emotional roller coaster he’s taken me on wasn’t healthy and that he was really being mean and selfish. Yes, I left him too. I loved him so tremendously, and although I know he loved me back, he didn’t love Matthew. I knew he never would or could. So I ended it between us. My kids come first! And I only want what’s best for my kids. May 4th, 2002, after only 2 ½ hours of induced labor and no drugs, Mama right there by my side again, I gave the world another miracle, Jonathan Michael Yates. They’re growing up so fast, but their daddies will never be witness to any of it. What if they were ready? What if I was wrong??