In an effort to remedy my poor blogging habits I fear I may have over corrected as I feel I am blogging almost every day or close to it.  Today I had a nice lunch with the girls from Seoul.  I then sent them on their way to Hae-in-sa.  This is a temple with original wooden carvings of the teaching of Buddha on them.  Pretty cool place.  I went there back in August I think.  They are coming back tomorrow and we'll head out then.  I met them today in Dong Daegu Station and there was all kinds of commotion going on for some reason.  Turns out the KTX started today which for those of you who don't know, it's the new bullete train.  There were tons of police and even SWAT officers out with sub-machineguns and everything.  Pretty wild.  There was also someone of some kind of importance that showed up to the station b/c he was mobbed by supporters and there were plenty of TV cameras and photographers trying to get a shot.  Honestly I have no clue who the hell it was.  Couldn't have been that important b/c there weren't that many people.  I do have to say the newly renovated part of the station is really nice.   I think I'll stay in tonight again.  It's been doing me well to not go out so much.  Too expensive and just too rough on the body.  I hate it when you go to bed and you know you're tired but you just can't seem to fall asleep.  This happened last night.  I went to bed early but just couldn't seem to fall asleep.  I either had to go to the bathroom or my foot itched or I was too hot, then too cold, always something.  Anyway I finally got some sleep.  I've been slacking off some at the gym so I plan to spent a decent amount of time there after work.  I figure I'll be out tomorrow night and then again on Saturday night.  Saturday the festivities will start early.  Caleb and I have  tossed around the idea of doing a 7 to 7 night but I don't think I can.  I have to fly out to Saipan on Sunday and I just can't risk screwing that up.  I know he'll question my "giver status" but that used to that by now.   I would really like to change my job.  I wonder if it is possible?   It is April fools day but I still haven't made any jokes or pulled any pranks yet.  I wonder if they even know what April fools day is in Korea.   I have to give a public apology to my homie Serd in the WR.  I forgot his b-day.  My bad yo.   It is good to see people are leaving interesting posts on my tagboard.   I know what I need to do tonight, I need to go to the local E-mart like store and look for a memory card for my camera.  I bought this nice Sony digicam before I came over here and I've barely used it.  This being b/c it came with a 12Mb memory chip.  My brother said he'd send me another but here I am almost six months later without one.  Anyway I have to get that taken care of before Saipan.  I also need some sun block.  I got a killer burn in Malaysia last year and I have no intentions of repeating that.  Oh Saipan I can barely wait.