On Saturday morning my alarm went off at 6:55 and I was not too excited to be waking up so early.  Anyway, at 8:30 I met Steph, Katy, Rich T. and Matt in Sendai and we boarded a train to Kesennuma in the far north of Miyagi.  On the train we met Kirin and Natalie, two sendai-city jets who wish they were miyagi jets because we are so much cooler than the jets placed under the sendai board of education.  Anyway, after getting glimpses of the coastline while on the train, at 10:50 we arrived in Kesennuma and began the trek to the ferry port.  Just before 12 noon we were finally on the island and our belongings were stashed in various tents before heading to the beach.   The beach...lets just say that it would not have been a beach in Japan if there wasn't concrete.  So of course, we had to climb over a concrete wall and all of these concrete slabs before putting our feet in the sand.  We were the first of 100+ jets to arrive on the island and therefore the 9 of us to arrive on the first train were alone on the beach for about 3 hours.  It was seriously one of the prettiest days I have seen in Japan and waking up so early was immediately worth it.   Dinner time...well dinner was quite a funny experience.  With some jets working the grill, we eventually had an assortment of food including yakisoba (frilled noodles), grilled corn, pasta salad, grilled chicken sandwiches, and yakitori (really tasty chicken on a stick).  And of course there was lots of alcohol.  I think there were over 700 cans of beer and chuhi (Japanese fruity alcohol drink) in addition to the alcohol that various people brought for their own private consumption.  By 8 PM the party was definitely well underway.  There was lots of laughter, sports being played, photos being taken, fireworks being set off, and the night was completed as we gathered around a bonfire and talked, sang songs, listened to music...And of course the Americans were standing by to celebrate the 4th of July at midnight.    Eventually, Katy, Rich T., Kirin and I made our way to a tent and talked for awhile about ghost stories and urban legends and then fell asleep.  I woke up and made my way back to my own tent where I had my sleeping bag and blanket figuring that the actual occupants of the tent I was in might come back and create a problem.  I found Jamie asleep in my tent.  Stephanie was sitting on a table outside of my tent with Austin and Phillip and had the best seat in the house for what was about to take place.  Rich T. poked his head in my tent and asked if he could join me because he had been stung by a bee in his tent.  I told him no problem but when he returned to his tent he found Rich Shelley in his tent and had to wake everyone up to get his blankets.  As soon as Katy heard there were bees, she grabbed her blankets and headed to my tent as well.  Matt then followed Katy because she had the pillow.  Before I knew it Matt, Rich T, Katy, Jamie and I were all in 1 tent.  Rich S. was now the only one sleeping in the bee tent and that wasn't even where he was supposed to be.  Steph didn't want to sleep in the bee tent and there was no room in mine so she slept in Austin and Phillips tent.  Jamie realized that there was no room for her visiting friend in our tent so she ended up sleeping elsewhere.  So in the end it all worked out but it took quite a while for everyone to settle down and get some sleep.      When we awoke quite early we all kind of laughed about the night before, ate a little breakfast, and began trying to figure out train times to head home in the early afternoon.  All in all it was a great leavers party and I an excellent opportunity to see and speak to a lot of people for the last time.  Living in Japan for the past year would have been virtually impossible without all of the other Jets in Miyagi.