Hola chiquillos Well I am here at my boyfriends house washing my clothes (because the washer at my house broke down) eating some chicken soup and drinking freshly squeezed OJ yummy!!!  Anyway this weekend was good for me. I was anticipating this weekend ever since Monday because of the stress of school. Therefore the weekend started early on Thursday.  I went to a community dinner  that I got invited to (it was from Sergio's church) luckily my boyfriend got home early and he was able to go with me. I was having a good time but I was later sad and disappointed at some of the comments that were said to Sergio.  I did not want to feel any remorse towards certain people but it was almost inevitable. Mexicans I am still convinced are the most hospitable people. I did not only feel  bad but I guess I felt more disapointed because the person that said some rude comments about us showing up was a christian, and our Father teaches us to be hospitable and loving to one another. Well I guess I will leave it to God to place conviction in their hearts. The only thing I can do is pray for them. A side from that the night went well we went to go watch the Matrix Revolution. I thought it was the best one from all three.  I was impressed by all the graphics and detail that the producers/animators did in creating that movie. It was interesting and I was comfortable sitting by my man. The thing I love is being comfortable at the movies. I can't stand not being comfortable. I don't think Sergio likes it either because then I act like a worm and move around a lot. Friday we went to go watch Elf and that was hilarious. I didn't think it was going to be as funny as I thought. Some parts cracked me up. I think everyone should watch this movie. Watching this movie also reminded me of the best holiday that is comming up...Christmas...no and its not just for the food and presents but for celebrating Jesus' birth. That is the best gift God has ever given us.  Saturday was a joyous day for me as well because I was able to spend the entire day with my family. We celebrated my nieces and nephews birthday. Yes it was a true Mexican party. The main entree for the  night was Pozole and there was the traditional pinatas.  The night was fun but I missed Sergio's company that day. He was busy hosting a couple of work groups that came down to work at his church. Sunday was more of a productive day. Sergio picked me up early in the morning and we went to his house and did homework. Later on that day we went to the first meeting of our care group from church. It was the introduction meeting. The married couple Kim and Trey which has also being giving me and Serg counseling are the leaders and told us the purposes of their care group. I was concerned about this because I did not know what to expect but I was glad when they said that the purposes to care group were 1) relationships 2) Discipliship and 3) Accountability.  I pray that everything works out and that God uses this time to teach us and to speak to us in the different areas we need and for him to carry on with his will in our lives. (For everyone in the care group). Finally today is Monday....and I had to sub the same 7th grade class I subbed for on Friday. It was a better day but I still had to deal with some behavioral and attitude problems. Lukily I was able to manage them appropriately.  Well I have to go check on my clothes I just wanted to say hi and let you all know about my great weekend? I hope you guys had a great weekend. I pray that God continue abundantly blessing you in many ways. Please let me know email me or something....wlarios2@hotmail.com