I am leaving today for two weeks. One of my sisters has been ill and one of my sisters is getting married, so, I am going to Oklahoma and Kansas for two weeks with my eldest sister.  While I am excited about being with the sissies, I am so anxious about leaving the Prince and the Princelets. It isn't as if I won't be in contact with them, I have my cellular leash, my lap-top, and all the sissies have desktops and phones, too. I just won't get to see her and she changes so quickly these days. I can't imagine fourteen days without her sucking my eyeballs out (it's really a covert way to get extra kisses from her.) I don't want to think about who will paint the nails on her little "stinkies" (Probably, Katie, she's such a good mommie junior!) My heart hears her crying in the middle of the night when she can't find mommy's love handles. I worry that the Prince and the Princelets won't understand what is going on when she is cranky.   Her vocabulary is growing exponentially every day. Her expressions are so darling, I cringe thinking I won't be here to hear them. Yesterday, from the backseat, I heard her tell her brother and sister, "You two need to stop talking, I'm talking to Mommy! I talking to you, Mommy!"    Most of all, I am worried that she is so young, her feelings will be hurt because Mommy is leaving her behind. I cannot fathom how a 2 3/4 years old child interprets that.  While I'm excited, I'm anxious.      Lord, you said "Be careful for nothing, but in everything, by prayer and supplication, make your requests known unto God." I know Lord that you are not saying, to be imprudent, but rather, you are saying, don't be full of care, worry or anxiety over anything. So, my supplication is that you would bless and protect the Prince. Give him wisdom to be blessed, to be diligent, to fervently seek you while I am gone. Please bless Robert that he will be the support his father needs. Please let little discordant notes not escalate between the children. Please fill our home with favor and peace. Please help Princess Katie bless her sister, brothers and daddy. Please help her to make good choices while I am gone. Lord, Please comfort Kenny. Lord, he tries too hard to be the perfect child. Please give us patience when he needs to walk his own path, and let us have wisdom to recognize when it is rebellion, and quench it fast. Lord, please walk with Joey. Please let him know the gentleness of your love, and the strength that comes from choosing obedience.  Please protect and provide for GracieFairy. Be especially attentive to her heart, Father, so she will know her mommy loves her. Please watch over all the children and the Prince and keep them safe until I come home. I thank you and praise you for your mercy and grace. In Jesus' Name, I pray,       Amen.      Gracie, please know that Mommy loves you, and I will be home before you know it.