I have not had sex in 11 and a half months. Nearly a year. Nearly a whole  year  has passed since I have been further than a fumble under a sleeping bag, or felt anything more than pure horn. Up until now I haven't wanted a boyfriend, in fact, I still don't want to get into anything more than a casual (but exclusive) relationship, but I'm starting to miss the little things; holding hands, little kisses on the lips, even just having someone to think about when there's nothing else to ponder on. And to coincide with this, I find out that Rich has split up with Kayla (joy to the world!) and is coming to JYF. Great. What if he hits on me? I know myself- despite all my best efforts to hate him with all my heart when he's out of my eyeline, inevitably, as soon as I see him it will start to beat faster, my tummy will go all fluttery and I will think "Well, maybe he's not so bad after all...". I know what I'll do: I will wear my new yellow halter top, stand tall and walk straight past him. And perhaps give him a swift kick in his sleep.  Em is once again in Dad's bad books. After her "triumphant" return on Saturday all was well in Worcester (ha), until Em phoned Lee (current squeeze) and discovered it was going to take her about 4 hours to get back to Coventry. Despite my telling her it would take less time and be cheaper if she went on the coach, she refused to ask Dad for a lift to the coach station and was in a funny mood for the rest of the night. She sat up in my (our?) room for hours watching TV before I came up to bed and she had to turn it off. On Sunday morning she got up, got dressed, packed her stuff and then just *sat* in the bedroom for ages. Nuts. I got up to brush my teeth, then went downstairs to get some brekkie (mmm croissants) and found her half way out the door; "Bye hun [I hate it when she calls me that]" she said, "I'm off now." When I asked her whether she'd told Dad she was leaving, she said "No, it's OK" and then she was off to the train station. "Freak", I said to myself as the door closed. Needless to say, Dad and Wicked Stepmother were not best pleased when I related the tale to them, and Dad said he found her behaviour insulting and told me to take whatever clothes I liked of hers out of her drawer, as he was going to throw the rest out because this "isn't just some doss house that she can stay in when she likes". So now I am the favourite again. Yay.  Ceff x   The fuse is burning somewhere, it's drenched in heat...