(This one's for my sis (and my entire fam damily), cuz I'm now writing to make sure at least 1 person will come here everyday to see if I've written anything.      Romantic Movies Are Ruining Society    Ok... as I mentioned in my last entry, I was hard up for new movies to watch, so my roommate lent me "Bridget Jones' Diary".  Then a few days later, while temporarily insane, I borrowed "Notting Hill".  Then a few days later, as if I hadn't had enough, I watched "Love Actually" after my roommates purchased it at the Rastro.   The one thing I did get out of it, other than the urge to throw up all over the place, was an urge to throw up all over the place.  No really, I began to worry about all the poor saps that watch these movies, and base their perception of love on them.   Ok - First off - Let me sum up EVERY Chick Flick ever made.   1. Boy Meets Girl  2. The either love or hate each other  3. Somewhere down the line, they "fall in love", and one, or both, of them must either overcome some absurd obstacle in order to be with the one they "love" or they must give up something, ie: the pursuit of their passion(s) in life, just to make it work out between the two of them.  4. They kiss  5. Movie Ends  6. I throw up.   What kills me about all of these movies, is that you have all these couples running around, rearranging their lives, just to be with someone their infatuated/in lust with.  And that plain pissed me off.  I mean, the guy who decides to go to a different/inferior college to be with his sweety, or the girl who quits her job to run away with some guy.  For God's sake!  I know you may hate your job, and I know you don't think a change in college will mean anything, but do you need to have someone else to give you the reason to do it?    When you put your fate in the hands of a almost perfect stranger who you have a thing for, you're just asking for trouble.  I always wish these DVD's had an option called: See how our lovely couple is doing a year from now.    Is that boy who opted for an inferior college still with his sweetheart?  Or is she now sleeping with his roommate? While he's recieving a weak education?  And he sits there and spites her for "making" him come there?    Or the girl who ran off with her beau...  Did he run off with some harlot that he met in a club? Is she now stranded 1000's of miles away from home with no friends or family near?    Ok, ok, ok.  I know.  Great things could come out of these situations.  Boy #1 decides to give up on the whole love issue, and start focusing on his education.  Since the school isn't doing such a wonderful job, he decides to take matters into his own hands, and start a social club for his major - Basket Weaving.  After awhile, the group has a strong base membership, and they're learning more outside of the classroom than in.  And one day, he's walking out of the meeting with the  rest of the students, and one of the girls in the group trips and falls over a stray length of wicker.  She's twisted her ankle and she can't walk, so he takes her back up to her dorm, she invited him to stay for a coffee, because he's a hero, and they end up being soul-mates, getting married, having 2 1/2 kids, a dog, and a house with a white picket fence.  Woohoo!  Great!!!!!!!!   Or Girl #1.  She could be taking a walk through the mountains alone, because she has no one to hang out with, and no money to spend in the town.  She walks up to the edge of the cliff, peering out over the countryside, pondering the meaning of life.  She looks over to her right to see a man with an easel, that she hadn't noticed before, painting the landscape.  They exchange shy "hello"'s, and she asks to see his painting.  It turns out that he's incredibly talented, and she's deeply moved by his work.  When she was younger, she used to paint, but she gave that up for fun and partying back in the day.  But now, she has a renewed sense of purpose, and she asks him to teach her.  So they spend the next few months painting together, never really initiating anything. But after awhile, they've become great friends.  Before you know it, they're having paint fights, and painting portraits of the other while in each others absence.  One day, in the midst of a paint fight turned wrestling match, they're both lying on the ground, intertwined, they look in each others eyes, stop laughing, realize they're in love with each other, kiss.  Eternal happiness ensues.   Wonderful.  Good things can come out of bad situations.  But the thing that bothers me, is what it took to get there. They compromised something of themselves for something that wasn't worth the effort.  Yeah, so they ended up doing ok in the end, but does that mean that something equally as great wouldn't have happened if they hadn't had blundered in the beginning?    Here's my opinion.  Some people spend their whole lives prioritizing finding the "one".  When they're in work, school, the bar, on the street, they're thinking about which one could be it.  I think we've all done it at one time or another.  People go around to anywhere, looking for any type of person that at least fills their idea of "satisfactory" AKA: a large percentage of the sex you're attracted to.  But satisfactory only works for the "puppy dog love" stage of the relationship.  Where everything is still fresh and new - a fantasy.  But give it a few months, and that satisfactory person turns out to not be worth the long haul.    So you try again.  and again.  and again...    Where are you going wrong???  Why do you keep meeting the short-termers???   Because you're looking in the wrong places.    Step 1: Forget about finding love.  We'll worry about that later  Step 2: Start thinking about yourself.  What are your passions, your interests.  The things that make you feel alive when you do them.  Music?  Art?  Running?  Breathing?  Step 3: Pursue that passion.  A job, join a group, start a club, attend meetings and conventions, take a class, whatever.  Step 4: If you've stayed true to that path, the path of your passion, then your chances of finding that special someone, who's path is similar to yours, is incredibly higher if you follow those rules.    That means, give up the bar and clubs.  Sociopaths, murders, and gym teachers like going to bars too.    And yes, following this love-plan could take you 1,000's of miles from home, or to a different college, or job... But the point is that you're doing it for yourself.  You're taking the risk to better yourself.  What could be better than that!  You see, these movies are blinding the public to what real love is.  Yeah, so the joining of two people under unreal circumstances can be fun to watch, but wake up and forget that nonsense.  I really hope that people don't put stock in these ideas of love.   There should be more movies about true love, love already established, unconditional love that has to overcome the odds.  Now that's real life.  Granted, it may not always include gun fights or alien abductions, but it's real life.  People who've found their "one" will have to overcome the odds at one time or another.  There could come a time when it's possible that one will have to give up something of themselves, even their lives, to be with or save the one they love. Even if the circumstances are unreal, at least the motives behind their actions are.     One could only hope.   Someone call Hollywood and slap them upside the head for me.