It's been a while, huh?  The boys won states - the only Old Mill team to get that far and bring home a banner this year. They beat Suitland by ONE AND A HALF POINTS!! Guys, it all came down to the mile relay, the 4x4! We needed to get first and Suitland had to get third otherwise we would have lost by half a point. Just as Darnell came around the last turn, Eleanor Roosevelt came sprinting up between Darnell and the Suitland guy. We won by less than a tenth of a second.   Whoo. That was incredibly exciting.  So....then I was in the yearbook for Cross-Country. It was a half-page picture and it wasn't half bad. It was of me and Katharina at Blob's Park running past a Chesapeake girl. It was great...except that they called me Jessica Masters and they called Katharina Kathleen Kennedy. Grrr. Not a big deal, though. That's where I've been signing my friends' yearbooks, on that picture.  Then my birthday came!!!! YAY!!!! It was loads of fun.  On the 3rd of June I started going to the North County Summer Track program so I could stay in shape for next season of Cross Country. It's a lot of fun...  Thursday was my last regular B-Day, which made me very happy.  In Cosmetology we braided hair. I came out with a messed up french braided pig-tail on my mannekin (sp?).  P.E. killed me. We did absolutely nothing. Mr. Bliss' class went outside, and all my friends are in that class. Since I didn't know anyone in my class (even though I've been in the class for the whole semester) I just sat around lookin all lonely. I was rather good at looking lonely, too.  In government I got the recommendation and application for AP European History. yay! We took a test, which was easy.  At lunch I sat with Courtney because I needed to talk to her desperately about the Canada trip since I don't have her number and I won't see her until then. I didn't want to miss the trip so I ate lunch w/ her...even though I was sure Amanda would get mad and Keesha would be sad (awww keesha!).  And at NC track...I FINALLY SAW YURKES! If any of you know how thin Shelby is (my 60 pound twelve-year old sister), just imagine Shelby stretched out into a five-foot four inch six-teen year old! Robin Yurkes, the Broadneck, hell fire-fast sprinter is a twig! God, if I have felt fat around Shelby all my life...I felt like a monster compared to Robin. Her hips were jutting out from her waist! Like...it was disgusting almost, for her to be that thin. Just muscle (just a little...lol), skin, and tiny bones. Not a gram of fat on the chick.   Then on Friday it was my last regular A day of Freshman year.  In theatre arts we didn't do anything. It was stooopid.  In Spanish we made a five sentence speech. Mine was stooopid.  In math we went over a 500000 page review packet. It was stooopid.  In Biology we went over a shorter-than-math review packet. It was stoooopid.  I was invited to an attendance thing, but I didn't go. It would have been stoooopid.  My bus came about a half an hour late. Boy, was that stoooopid or what?  Now I'm just left with FOUR MORE DAYS OF FRESHMAN YEAR!  SUMMER IS HERE!!!!  Guys, I just wanted to tell you the days of my vacations so you didn't think I disappeared. If you wouldn't have noticed I was gone anyway (It happens...people forget me sometimes ;)), then ignore this message and go eat some watermelon!  Sunday, June 20th - Thursday, June 24th = At the Naval Academy for the Naval Cross-Country Distance Camp!  Friday June 25th - Monday, June 29th = In Canada (Quebec) with those weird kids that take French in school!  July 27th - August 2nd = I'll be in the Black Hills, South Dakota, with all my psycho cousins! AHHH MARK AND BRAD!!!  August 9th - August 13 = I'll be in Maryland, but helping out at the Summer Track/XC camp! YAY!!  Saturday, August 14th = YESSSSSS!!! CROSS COUNTRY STARTS THIS DAY AT NINE AM!  Then, sometime in early September (wow, late start, huh?), like the third, I think...it's that Thursday for sure = WE START SCHOOL!   SOPHOMORIC, BABY!!!   Now I'm about to go off and run with Stephanie and Kurth.