The dirty, dirty foriegner that I am.  Today was a nasty hot sweaty day.  Cambodia is officaly depressing and I'm pretty much ready to leave.  I managed to get to the Vietnamese embassy today and get my visa entry date changed to much earlier.  I don't know what I was thinking before but I must have been on crack or something b/c I had myself staying here until the 28th.  Forget that.  So the reason why I'm so down today is I took a double whammie of the killing fields followed by the genocide museum.  What a combination right?  Cambodian history is pretty horrible stuff.  Hitler didn't have much on these guys of the Khemer Rouge regime.  At the killing fields they have a stuppa filled with around 9,000 skulls and it has something like 17 levels.  The skulls are on the lower levels and they are all you can see.  Then you get to tour around and see the mass graves.  About 17,000 people were killed here.  The most morbid of everything there was the tree that they used to kill the babies with.  As it was explained, soldiers would hold a baby by the legs and swing him/her up against the tree.  Some were only 5 months old.  They would also play a game where they would throw the babies in the air and try to impale them on the bayonets of their guns.  Sick shit.  Of note is the fact that nobody was killed by gunshots.  Bullets were deemed too valuableso most of the deathes were a result of some sort of massive head trauma (i.e. hammer, sword, club, etc.).  From there I got dropped off at the genocide museum and this was as bad if not worse.  It used to be a highschool but was converted to a dention and interogation center.  Everyone who was killed in the killing field was once at the museum.  The type of torture that went on here is unimaginable.  There was as eerie silence over all the museum despite the fact that there were plenty of people there.  There is too much to say and there is tons I still just can't comprehend or digest. My day did end on a pretty good note as I went to the royal palace and check out the oldest temple in the city.  The royal palace was a nice break from the craziness of the city.  If you can imagine any major road in any city in America.  Then if you took all the cars and changed them to motor bikes and vise verca then you'd have a street in Cambodia.  Everyone has these little "motto bikes" and they all want to take you for a ride.  It is a cheap and fun way to get around but damn is it annoying to have everyone and their brother to ask you "motto bike sir?"   I love the cable tv in my room.  Last night I watched "Wallstreet" for the first time and it was pretty darn awesome.  Wonder what will be on tonight.   Oh I also went to the Russian market but there was nothing Russian about it.  No Russians, no signs, in Russian, no Russian products, nothing.  Just a clever name I guess.  Tomorrow I think I'll hit the national museum and some other monuments.  I think I might venture out on the town too.  I tried to find a place last night but didn't work out.  Guess it's closed or I got lost or something.  Enough for now.