I swear that I am not. However, today has brought me two unfortunate incidents of my own creation that are decidedly  klutzy .  Today, I began my trip to New Orleans by way of Shreveport. Wow, it was a scorcher in Dallas. So I stopped to get myself a delicious icy smoothie from Smoothie King.  Cranberry Supreme, I'm a slave 4 U. Then I aired up my front tires at the gas station, which scored me a mystery cut on my finger. That's not the klutzy part.  I was on 75 just getting warmed up, when I decided to replace Turin Brakes with Grandaddy. Those are bands. So I put my smoothie in my lap, grabbed my gigantic CD binder, and hefted it onto the steering wheel. What I didn't see was that I had slammed the book down onto my smoothie straw, and the straw plowed through the bottom of my smoothie cup. It took several seconds for me to realize what had happened. Of course, during those rare occasions when you accidentally get  ice in your underwear , you become quite indignant as soon as you notice. So I figured out what happened, but I couldn't really do much about it. A lot of smoothie had already leaked into my lap, and I was wearing short shorts. There was a hole at the bottom of the cup, and of course there was a hole at the top (where the straw was). Consequently, I couldn't just lose the smoothie. There was really no safe way to get rid of it.  I had to actually coax the smoothie into being absorbed by my shorts, 'cause better my shorts than my car upholstery. Oh, did I mention that this was right in the middle of the 635 interchange? Yeah I was on a ramp. With lots of construction. And absolutely no shoulder space. So I had to sit with cranberry puree and melting ice and " turbinado !" seeping through my undies. Then I pulled over at a Racetrak, and I had to do the Walk o' Shame into the gas station with a big wet dark purplish red stain on my crotch.   I think I read about this in Seventeen once.  Anyway, changed, cursed, cleaned, got back on my way.   Later, once I arrived in Shreveport, I headed to the Mudbug Madness festival with my mom. We ate crawfish and "ya-ya yams," gawked at the  fried Twinkie  booth, and watched a really talented 13-year old Cajun fiddler and singer named Amanda Shaw. Wow, she was fabulous. Star quality, there. Later, I met up with my dad, who offered me a lot of free booze (which I declined). He was working at the beer booth. I guess being bartender for a day means that you have to swill beer for free just like any self-respecting bartender. My dad is somewhat uptight, so it was...quaint...to see him acting obnoxious and repeating himself.   urlLink    Dad and me.  urlLink     He had promised to bring some crawfish home for my stepmom, so I bought some and we walked out to the car. While trying to rearrange the backseat of his truck, I tilted the box of crawfish up a little and...oops. Bloody hell, I have mudbug juice in my lap.   Mudbug juice is a mix of water, the blackest muck from the Mississippi Delta, those lovely pungent Cajun spices, and salt. Oh, and also the natural liquids of crawfish that have been boiled alive. It has the trait of being both knock-you-over fishy-smelling and resilient. So on the thirty minute drive home, I had to steep in my mudbug juice and smell my vile-smelling self. Crawfish is, hands down, the primary reason that New Orleans stinks like  flaming rot . People say it's all the drunkards, but I don't think so. I mean, if that were the case then family reunion time at the Kennedy complex would be a notorious reekfest.   urlLink    Mmm...edible arachnids.  urlLink     The good news is that I got officialy hit-on for the first time in my new glasses. A cute but probably drunk guy at the festival looked me over and slurred, "Hel-lo there!..how ya doin'?" Aw, cute drunk likes the bookish type. I'm flattered.  And now, time to wash away the sticky and the stinky.   Are you kidding? I'm not that devoted a blogger. When we got home, I showered first thing. I smell like a rose, baby.