Been a little ill this last week and so feeling sorry for myself.  Stayed off School for two days which felt a bit strange but also quite fun.  Much better now.  Time off gave me time to finish both the Silmarilion and  urlLink Liquid Church  by Pete Ward which I thoroughly enjoyed.  Lots in it to think about and probably more will emerge as I reflect.    One thing that is at the forefront of my mind was Pete's discussion of the Trinity as Characterised by relationship.  I think he was suggesting that God is found in the Relationship between Father, Son and Spirit as much (or more) than in their individual personalities.  I found this way of thinking about the trinity, as dynamic loving relationship both mindboggling and exciting.  On the mind boggling front, how do you get to know a relationship!?! But to think that at the core of the universe is loving relationship - coooool.  It also gave a different way of thinking of mission, suddenly I am no longer having to "do mission" but rather get involved in the dynamic movement of God.    Found some of it quite frustrating because it seems that my immediate church family at St Tom's is moving away from the whole emerging thing at a fairly fast rate.  Its the kind of book I don't imagine many here would approve of and that saddens me.  Been feeling this a lot recently. I am personally convinced of the need to re-imagine mission based church but it feels as though the ways I would like to do this will be going in a different direction to St Tom's.  I guess my frustrating comes from having a dream about emerging church, having precious memories of experiments I've done with people in it before and on the other hand wanting to stay part of a church family and serve their vision.   Read this at  urlLink Moogaloo , it gave me hope...  "His promise over our generation still stands. He calls us a prophetic generation. We weren't just supposed to be the Mac generation, or the Christian rock generation. We were actually supposed to carry a pretty heavy mantle of creative power and prophecy, as well as a gift from God to name our elders and the power generation coming after us. "