"EMOPERA":  characters:    Andrea:  main character. was once high maintenance but turns emo.  Bella and Adrienne:  Andrea's old friends. very high maintenance.  Mom and Dad:  Andrea's parents  Rosa:  Andrea's Grandmother (mom's mom)  Victoria:  Andrea's first friend at her new school who backstabs her  Blake:  Victoria's boyfriend  Conor:   Andrea's crush, blake and victoria's best friend  Clara:  Victoria's best friend  John:  Andrea's friend who she meets at a show   main places for scenes:  Rosa's house, School, Small club/cafe venue (hang out place when no show is going on)    PART I: (late summer to early winter)  scene 1: (andrea's home)  Andrea starts to turn "emo" when parents split because dad cheated on mom. Andrienne and Bella comfort her.   scene 2: (Rosa's)  Andrea moves in with her grandma, Rosa because she doesnt want to have to choose between mom and dad.    scene 3: (school)  Andrea starts going to a new school. she meets Victoria on the first day.    scene 4: (hang out)  Victoria introduces Andrea to her boyfriend (Blake) and her friends (Conor and Clara) and Andrea immediately falls for Conor. Andrea tells Victoria that she likes Conor.   Victoria isnt a great influence on Andrea (Victoria is smoking and hitting on Conor when Blake goes to the bathroom etc) but Victoria is the only friend Andrea has so she jus sticks around but does not copy Victoria's habbits.   they stay later for the show (which Andrea had never been to before) and Andrea meets John.   scene 6: (Rosa's)  Andrea's birthday. Victoria, Blake, Conor, Clara, and John come over to grandmas for a small get together as well as Andrea's old friends Bella and Adrienne.   Andrea notices that theres a tension between Conor and John but doesnt say anything. grandma starts to question Andrea's friends and says that Victoria isnt a good influence but she ignores it.   Andrienne and Bella reject Andrea once they meet her new friends.   scene 7: (hang out)  Andrea, Victoria, Blake and Conor are hanging out. Blake leaves for a second and then Victoria kisses Conor right in front of Andrea and cheats on Blake at the same time. Andrea is crushed.    scene 8: (school)  Andrea tells Blake what happened between Conor and Victoria. Blake breaks up with Victoria. Victoria gets caught with drugs in the bathroom and goes to jail.    scene 9: (Rosa's)  Andrea goes home and Rosa is sitting in a rocking chair as if asleep. she starts telling her that she was right about Victoria but Rosa does not respond. Andrea tries to wake Rosa up then she realizes shes dead. right then mom calls and tells her rosa's dead. she starts crying, ambulance comes, etc.    PART II: (winter to early summer)  scene 1: (cemetary)  Andrea and Mom are looking at Rosa's tombstone. Andrea is explaining how everything sucks. Mom tells her shes gonna live with her at Rosa's   scene 2: (hang out/school)  Blake likes Clara. Clara ignores Blake. Blake also pays attention to Andrea. Conor tries to help Blake get with Clara. Conor ends up liking Clara too so he tries to use Andrea to distract Blake so he can get to Clara.    scene 3: (hang out)  Andrea confesses to Conor how she feels but he turns her down. Andrea still likes Conor.    scene 4: (school)  a few days later, when Andrea figures out whats going on (while thinking to herself), she confronts Conor but he doesnt care. Clara and Conor get together later that day.   scene 5: (Rosa's)  she calls John for comfort (who helped her through everything). John confesses to Andrea he likes her. out of her distrought, Andrea gets with John.    scene 6: (hang out)  John accuses Andrea that she may like Conor (because of the way she looks at him etc)still but she assures him she doesnt and it is overlooked.     scene 7: (rosa's)  Conor comes over and tells Andrea that Clara has cheated on him with Blake and he shouldntve done what he did. Conor confesses to Andrea that he does like her but Andrea says its too late.   She gets mad because she realizes she does like conor still but is with John and wants a chance with Conor. at the end of thier fight, they start kissing.  John walks in on them kissing, and starts beating up Conor. Andrea tries to stop the fight but cops come and all 3 of them are arrested.   scene 8: (jail cell)  Andrea and Victoria and coincidentially in the same cell. Victoria is cleaned up and she apologizes for everything. Andrea explains why she was in the jail and Victoria gives Andrea some advice on whether to choose Conor or John. Victoria explains the drama that happened between Conor and John in the past.   when they were younger, John and Conor were best friends. they were in a band, hung out in the same group, everything. then about a year ago, Conor was driving under the influence (even though john had tried to convince him not to). John's twin sister was with them. John tried to make them pull over (he even grabbed the wheel at one point) but Conor refused and they got in an accident. John's sister died. John blamed it on Conor for driving drunk. Conor blamed it on John for grabbing the wheel (he remembers it as John grabbed the wheel and it caused them to swerve and crash). they never got over it.  Andrea, John, and Conor get bailed out by thier parents. charges are dropped.    scene 9: (hang out)  Andrea and John talk and resolve everything. she chooses John over Conor.   Epilouge  In the end, Blake is with Clara, Andrea is with John, Conor is alone, Victoria becomes a dedicated morman. mom and dad are still separated but are not unhappy.    ***COMMENT QUESTIONS 1. do you think all the names fit?  2. should any scenes be changed? 3. should the drama between john and conor be different? 4. what songs should be put for what scenes? 5. any other comments