I am not sure if I am suffering from allergies, an ugly head cold or both.  I do know that "pollen is in the air" since our vehicles now stay a bright yellow.  Winter is officially gone yet it still remains a tad bit cool outside. I suppose that once Easter has come and gone this year that the warm weather will finally set in. I think that I am ready for the pollen to stop doing whatever it is doing and for the warm weather to arrive.  I have had enough of this cold weather to last me the rest of this year.    I started a part time job with Goodwill last week. They were looking for a PC Technician that can work part time doing refurb/repair/service and sales.  I work primarily on Saturday during the day doing sales and then a couple of two or three days during the week part time.  The money is certainly better than my security job which is a huge boost to our budget which seems to stay in the red most of the time.  Katy and I now have 3 jobs between us so hopefully we can manage to stay afloat from one 2 week period to the next.  It is disheartening to get paid every two weeks and then be broke 6 days from the next payday.  I know that we are probably not the only people that live from payday to payday.  Actually, I would like to get back to that point where we can live from payday to payday. LOL....     I forgot to tell you how I found this job. I was working 7 am until 3pm last Saturday down at the County Office Building in Charleston and my co worker Jorge told me about how I could go to Goodwill on Rivers avenue and purchase parts for computers at a reasonable rate.  I was looking for a pci video card for my kids game machine. The integrated sound card was a 1mb video card but that is not adequate to play most games.  So, I headed down to the Goodwill and purchased a used video card for 5.00 and it works fine.  I plugged it in and Windows 98 Operating System recognized the chipset and automagically installed the drivers for it.  So, thanks to a tip from my co worker I found out that Goodwill is looking for a part time pc tech.  I immediately went across the street and applied for the position and one week later I am working.  Wahooooo!  Well, maybe not all that excitement but atleast it is EXTRA income for the time being.  I am not sure how long this position is going to last but I suppose as long as Goodwill keeps receiving computer donations I will have something to refurb/repair and sell.  When that supply dries up I am sure that my part time job there will vanish.      If you go to  urlLink Cooper River Bridge Run  you will see that today is the day in 2004 when THOUSANDS of people run, jog or walk in the Cooper River Bridge run.  This is an annual event that has been going on for 27 years.  I thought about doing this the other day then I had a cool drink of water and the urge went away.  hahahahaha  However, I admire those people who are physically able and have the courage and stamina to enter the race and finish.  I am thinking that there are some brothers from Kenya that enter this race every year and usually win.  Does that really surprise us?  LOL....     I am so excited that we lost an hour to day light savings time last night before I went to bed.  Instead of it being 11:30 pm when I went to bed it was actually 12:30 am.  Who in the world invented day light savings time anyway?  urlLink Daylight Savings Time .  Well, I am glad that I just researched this website because now I REALIZE that I was not supposed to change the clocks until 2 am SUNDAY morning and not 11:30pm Friday night.  DOH......  I just cheated myself of one hour unnecessarily.  Whaaaaaaaaa.  Yes, now I am changing back my clocks.  BRB.... Thanks to blogging I realized my boo boo and now I fixed it back.  Now, I wish I could go back to bed and get that hour back but of course I am wide awake now.      On April 14th Jeremy turns 18 and on April 24, 2004 my son Jeremy will be going to his senior prom and then on May 23rd he will be graduating from high school.  urlLink Terry High School It is hard to believe that this much time has passed and Jeremy is going to be going off to college soon.  From what I understand he was able to obtain some band scholarships which will help him financially which is a good thing.  I believe that Jeremy's goal is to become a teacher and I am proud of that. If Jeremy does this then he will be following in his stepmothers footsteps.