Well, surprise me -- not! I kept up my blog for all of a week before I started to let the daily writing task slide. Grrr ... self-discipline has always been my primary stumbling block when it comes to writing. As I am currently unemployed, I can hardly claim that I am too busy. And I can't even legitimately say that I didn't have anything to write about recently; I fully intended to record the past weekend's activities, if nothing else. So while I can be extremely organized (read: anal-retentive) about some things, I tend to procrastinate terribly about others. It's an interesting mix, I suppose. What strikes me as ironic is that it's usually the activities I enjoy doing the most that I am the laziest about when it comes to actually making/taking the time to engage them!  So now that I've given myself a bit of a virtual verbal spanking, let me sum up what I had  meant  to write in the last few days. My fiancé, James, and I had a very enjoyable outing on Saturday: we toured the  urlLink U.S.S. Lexington . For those who don't know, the Lex is an aircraft carrier, one that was pivotal in the Pacific theater during World War II. It was decommissioned in the early 1990's, and reborn as a kind of floating museum, located here in Corpus Christi's harbor. Now, James is a real history/military buff, especially about WWII; he had visited the Lex several years ago and was eager to see it again, but thought I wouldn't be into it. Ha, ha -- fooled him! =:P I had a  great  time exploring the ship, and found the various displays quite interesting. I just wish we had gotten there earlier so we would have had more time. As it was, the three hours we had were not  quite  sufficient to tour the entire ship (we had to forgo the command tower), and we missed the IMAX movie. In spite of all the leg strain from climbing up and down the multitude of  very  narrow and tricky stairs -- not to mention the mental anguish, as I kind of have a phobia about stairs to begin with -- I would very much like to go back and see it all again, and especially catch the parts we missed this time around. Anyway, afterwards we enjoyed a truly excellent dinner at one of my favorite restaurants, Blackbeard's on the Beach, and then went for a leisurely drive along the bayfront. All in all, we had a very pleasant day, and it made for a nice change of pace to get out and do something different on the weekend.