Okay, so many of you have asked the extent to which I am able to understand and speak Japanese.  Honestly, that is pretty difficult to say.    READING -->  First, reading hiragana and katakana is no longer a difficult task and I often find myself watching the Japanese subtitles on my TV to see how much I understand.  Unfortunately, that only gets me so far as having to skip all of the kanji doesn't really make for a very promising translating attempt.  Being able to read the phonetic systems is especially useful in restaurants and reading signs.   LISTENING -->   As far as listening goes, I am able to understand very basic Japanese.  Basically, you know that anything that ends in ka is a question and so if you hear a ka you know the person is probably seeking some type of response.  Also, after being asked the same questions over and over again, you are able to identify the key words and go from there.  I no longer stress when I am going to be with people who speak very little English because if all else fails, I can understand enough to get by and not feel really frustrated.     SPEAKING -->  Knowing the basic sentence structure is just as helpful in speaking as it is in listening.  If I am trying to ask a question I pretty much just stick a ka on the end of what I am trying to say.  Also, when it comes to asking if you have something or if someone is there, arimasu and imasu are pretty much gonna go the distance for you.  You use arimasu for inanimate objects and imasu for living things.  Pretty basic! My vocabulary has been increasing gradually and I am able to speak about what I did or am going to do, ask people about what they've done, order food and now even ask for things to be modified to my liking, call for cabs, accomplish everything at the bank, discuss the weather, discuss how I am feeling, obviously all greetings, get and give directions, ask the costs of things and ask to see things, and even some of the not so nice japanese words...the list goes on and on.    Basically, listening and speaking go hand in hand.  Listening to people speak Japanese all around me I am continually engaged in a listening exercise like I used to have in Spanish and Hebrew classes.  If someone is speaking to me, I am able to use my ability to speak Japanese to ask them to speak more slowly, to repeat something, or to question a specific word they used.  In terms of the whole Japanese spectrum I know very, very little, but I am happy with the amount I know considering when I arrived last July the only words I knew were Konnichiwa and Sayonara!