I was on my way to work today..where i saw a young pregnant woman running after cars asking for money..she was begging!! That was the instant in my life where i realized how cruel and inhuman this society has become...That woman is at the verge of a new stage..ready to welcome a new life...future of this society!!!a life that deserves all the better things like love and respect...and c what the woman has to offer to that new ray of hope......she is all set to bring that life into the world and teach him/her how to beg...how to lie...how to rob...how to kill one's prestige and cry for help..how to run away from respectable work and look for easy money..how to ask for money and from whom...these r the lessons that the child is gonna get from the mother who has an eye for the rich...has a nack of begging expertly... I am not blaming that woman...its not her fault..who knows what led her to this stage..was it poverty? was it desperation?was it illness? or was it her hubby running after her with a big stick threatening to kill her if she wont come back home with enough money for him to buy his Cigarettes...what was it that led her do it..will remain unknown to me atleast who just crossed that womens path unknowingly just by chance..but still just on looking at her many questions arose in my mind...... Every day we talk ab8 moving towards development...towards betterment..spend our lives reading bks...talking highly ab8 the days to come, a bright future..but the question is are we ready yet to face TOMORROW?.....are we prepared enough to offer our next generation a better life?....next generation.... The child of a beggar will learn to beg..will never know what a SCHOOL is, will never know what self respect is,will never know how to repect others...will only know how to beg coz that is the lesson his mother is giving him even from before his birth... i wonder, where lov has gone........lov for poor.....lov for humans..lov for children...lov for our nation... If this is the way we keep on treating with the generations to come..we are being crual to ourselves...as a nation..and as humans. God knows where lov has gone.....but it needs to be brought back for a better tomorrow..for our generations to come..so that they may have there share of love and respect which they may spread to the whole world in return and represent pakistan.