I called Mom again last night. She's on really heavy drugs, so she's sleeping a lot. Good for her to get rest, scary for me when I call her 10 times and get no answer.   I finally spoke to her, and she was a little loopy, but is slowly admitting things to me. I asked her about her doctor's appointment, and she simply said that she was put back on treatment. When I asked about the results of her scan she said, "Well, it's not good," but that was all she would tell me.   We talked a little about me, since yesterday was my farewell party at work, and she asked me about everything going on with the Fellows. That was really nice for me, because up until she was given the new pain meds, she hasn't been able to talk to me for more than about 5 minutes at a time. She would ask me questions, but wouldn't be comfortable enough physically to hold the phone up and focus on the conversation. And that would upset her.   I did talk to her nurse the other day, and she told me that Mom had seemed anxious about me giving up the Fellows to come home, and that she needed to know that I would still be dedicated to something to help me get through the aftermath of what's going to happen. I can tell that Mom is really concerned with me being okay later on, and she believes that the best way to be secure is to go on with my Master's and start my new job. So, after hearing that, from the nurse and Mom, I think best course of action is for me to continue working here, try to come home as often as I can in the next few months, talk to her on the phone every day,hope that we get to spend one last holiday together, and if we do, make sure it's as special as possible.  I told Mom that I'm trying really hard to find a way to come home for the long July 4 weekend, and she seemed excited about that. This way, she'll know that I was planning a trip then anyway, and she won't feel that I'm sacrificing my future to spend time with her now. I'm also planning to come back for the few weeks I have in August and early September before I start teaching in the fall.   I can tell she's trying to ease me into all of this, as last night she told me I should start thinking about anything of hers that I would like to have, "just in case." She knows there's a lot to deal with in terms of the estate, (as some of you know, my father's estate still has not gone through probate yet,) and that she's going to have to tell me the whole truth pretty soon, but for right now, baby steps.   Thank ya'll for being so supportive. I really appreciate the messages I've been getting. Right now, things are okay, but I'm sure that later on, I'm going to take you up on your offers.