Music: Veridis Quo - Daft Punk Mood: bored outta my mind and headache **********************  Well, I got bored... so I put some more blue dye in my hair... I found it in one of my drawers in my bathroom... I let it sit for about 4 hours, then washed out the last bits of it, and it left my hair extremely blue for about an hour... then when I blowdryed it, it went to a more milder blue.   I pulled out my skirts and put them on, just because I wanted to...  I look all cool and 'art-sy' right now, I have my bangs hanging down with my hair pulled back in two spiky pigtail-bun thingys, and I'm wearing my oversized black and white striped button shirt with my long bellowing skirt on. Dooom! If I were wearing makeup, I could be an artist.. lol...!  Later today I have to go to my grandparents house for Fathers day... I'll just sit upstairs on the computer all day, while the rest of the cousins play in the pool... unless Marcus and Ethan go... but I hope Ethan doesn't go... because he just talks about weed... and it's annoying. Since I've quit that (3 months so far! Whooo!)shit... maybe Marcus will tell me how he managed to get a STD... >.>... never heard of him having a g/f... O.o... cosmic!  Man... I need cable... I'VE BEEN FORCED TO WATCH FUCKING RETARDED INFOMERCALS ABOUT FACELIFTS AND FOOTSUPPORT! >.>... I'm kind of on edge because, well, it's father's day and well, I havn't seen my father since... January? I think it was Febuary...! Well, I havn't seen/talked/heard from him in a couple of months... and I've been kind of reflecting on what he did to me... he sucks... he never wanted me... he tried to commit suicide after I was born... then he wanted my mom to put me up for adoption... >.>... I found the adoption papers last month... they were all filled out for me to go live at Boys and Girls Harbor till a family took me! My father had signed his name, but my mom didn't... when I asked her, she started crying... he accutally strangled her until she agreed to do it... he's such an asshole... now I know why he used to "forget" to pick me up from elementary skool... I would wait there till 6 at night until my mom would drive up. She would tell me, "Sorry, your father got called out to work." and when we would arrive home, he'd be sitting there on his fat ass drinking a beer... >.>... I have a lot of pint up anger against him... he's the reason why I keep my emotions bottled up until they explode out, sending me into a crying/screaming/shaking rage that causes me to trash my room... thats how I broke my old desk...  I guess when my father realized that he couldn't get rid of me, he decided to put me in every sport known to the Little Leagues... Basketball, Baseball, Softball, Soccer, and Football... well... football didn't work out so well... they wouldn't accept me, on account I was a girl...   Awww damnit!!!! I STAYED UP ALL NIGHT AGAIN!!! >.>... I was going to get some sleep so I can drive over there... ah well... I'll doze off later... or just take an energy pill and sleep when I get there.   Back to my father, because, I donno, I just feel like I should get this out... I went on three family vacations... while the family had about 15... I went camping once, the Schileterban, and to Austin... the rest of them I was sent to my grandmother's, Marie, house while they were gone... it was kind of fun... and that is were I learned how to sew and build things... but it was the fact that he didn't want to bother with me... so he just sent me there... I think he started to realize that I knew what he was doing when my folks split, so he started to become more "loving and caring" even though he could care less... When I found the adoption papers, I had had enough... so I stopped caring until I would explode and just never go back there... and it happened... thank god... I didn't think I could take anymore of him and his b/s! When he was yelling at me that night, the look in his eyes was the same look he would give my mom when he would beat her... so he picked up things and threw them at me... going into his "Blind-rage-"it's your fault I'm the way I am today!"-throwing anything I can get my hands on-you remind me of your mother!" thing...   >.>... he's an ass... he should die... seriously... I wouldn't miss him... it would make my life a little easier... I'm going to go drive down to water and watch the sunrise... I bet it'll be most beautiful to watch that... I need to shave my arms... (Yeah, I shave my arms!)  Well, now you all know the dark sides to my childhood! Hehe, you know, when we move, I hope we can move in the early morning! ^_^! It would be so cool... to watch the sunrise one last time from the dining room window... from the dining room window is the best spot to watch it... come over the trees and fill the dinningroom like liqiud gold... it's beautiful!! Well, I better go and try to get atleast 4 hours of sleep... >.>... or mom will be all prissy... Love all! Don't feel sorry for my childhood, nothing could've helped it...! OH, Matt, when are we gonna go get jobs? I want me some shoes!