My three siblings and are three very different people. I was talking to my mom and commented, "I got the brains, Meggen got the brawns, and Drew got the personality. If you put us all together you'd have a superhuman." My mom agreed. Unfortunatley, my parent's superhuman genes got split up amongst the three of us. I wonder though, since we had to split it up who got the best deal in the end?  I'm the brains of the family. In actuality, I'm the brains of my entire extended family. I'm not actually very sure where I got these brains from. Looking at everyone else you would really have to wonder. Not to say anything bad about my family. They are good people, just not thinking people.  In any case, I'm not sure how beneficial getting the brains are. Being a braniac, I chose an academic career. Given the amount of time we spend in school, we really don't make the big bucks. Besides, being book smart doesn't get you so far. I'm not a complete personal retard, but I definately don't have the people skills some others do. I'm an awful networker, which is, I suppose, why I chose to become and academic rather than say, a lawyer. Plus I ablosultely suck at doing anything with my hands. Chopping vegitables, threading needles, doing pushups, driving while talking on my cell phone, building shelves. Pretty much anything like that. But I can think about stuff, which I suppose is good.  My sister, she got the brawns. Seriously. If she wanted to, she could probably be a female body builder. When she was in 7th grade she wanted to prove to the boys in her gym class how strong she was, so she did 300 pound leg presses. She could run fast and beat up any boy. I am sure she would have had a good athletic career, except for the fact that she hates organized activities so she was never any good at joining sports. Along with her brawns comes mechanical ability. Unlike me she's really good at doing stuff with her hands. When she was 4, she got a tool set complete with hammer and saw. I think she built a stool, that was actually pretty sturdy. Of course my sister lacks the book smarts. She hates playing games, like Trivial Pursuit or Tribond, with my family because "her peice never moves." And peoplewise, she's pretty likable, but she seriously a hothead. If you run into her, stay on her good side. She probably won't punch you in the face or anything, but she'll definately get mad. Right now she works as a tech in the airforce. Its probably a good career for a girl who is brawny and has mechanical skills.  My brother, he's Mr. Personality. He was recently voted by his highschool Sr. class as having the best personality in the class. He's also class president which at his high school (which used to be my high school) is completely a popularity contest. He's nice to everyone. He never gets angry or upset. He has the patience of a preschool teacher. He's funny a witty, and plays guitar and listens to cool music. He's unfortunately lazy as sin. Although he is smart, he completely lacks the motivation or attention to excell academically. He doesn't do poorly, but he's very left brain and would rather be doodling than taking notes.   So who got the best deal of the 3 of us? My vote is on my brother. While he is a lazy ass, having people like you gets you the furthest in life. Of course the three of us together would probably make the best team. I can think it up, my sister can build it, and my brother will make you like it. Of course, since we're not a family of crazy inventors, we will probably just end up being 3 very different people from the same family.  urlLink  postCount('108270125744546073');