I've finished the first week of my last four week of graduate school!  It's crazy to think that I'll have a Masters degree in less than a month.....and that Ted and I will be moving away from the University.  It's crazy to think that in November I could be living in South Africa, or Madagascar, or just about any place Peace Corps volunteers can go.  Now if only they would hurry up with that damn medical clearance!  The word is that we'll hear in 2-4 weeks....but I doubt that's true.  It's so frustrating waiting to hear about the next step in your life from a government agency.  I'm taking two classes right now.  One of them is on Issues and Trends in Early Childhood Education.  I was excited to take this class because I love discussing me field.  I was surprised by the fact that most of the class isn't in Early Childhood.  In fact, most of them teach junior high or high school.  I thought then that this would be a great opportunity for me to spread the word about the importance of Early Childhood.  It seems, however, that they would rather talk about high school.  It's nearly impossible to get anyone to focus on the fact that this class is supposed to be about children ages birth-8 years.....not 12-18 years.  My favorite topic to date though, was when one teacher brought up this exciting questions "Why do we even need preschool?"  Yikes!  I then got to spend the next two hours defending my profession.  I'm too mentally exhausted to get into all the details of the importance of early childhood education....but perhaps in a future post.  Sadly, my other class isn't nearly as argumentative.  It's interdisciplinary Teaming Methods....which I've had the pleasure of learning about and practicing in nearly all of my other Special Education classes.  So...it's really boring.  And we have to take quizzes!  I haven't had an exam, let alone a quiz in nearly 3 years.....I really don't see why this is necessary in my very last class in Grad. School!  The whole point of a quiz is basically to make sure that you do the reading.  If, at the Graduate level, a person chooses not to do the reading, I think that is a decision that they are capable of making.  I almost always read....I think articles about my career are interesting.  However, in this class we read chapters that include definitions of who the teacher, special education teacher, occupational therapist, social worker, etc are.  I know who these people are....I'm on of them and I've been working with them for years.  I don't think reading about who they are is really beneficial to me.  Well, that's all the blog I've got for know.  I know that you, my nonexistent yet adoring audience that is the internet, must have enjoyed reading :)