you think while you're in college you can't wait to be done,.... and yeah, it's excellent to be done with things... but like last may, when i left, it was exciting to move on elsewhere in my life, i was ready for something new, and thought oh, i won't be back there for at least another year, probably more... now look at me... this is my 3rd time back in the past year.  it's good to be back.  strange becuase it's another turnover time... most of the friends i had left were seniors this year and the few who aren't will only be around for one more year...  changes: the new library they started last fall is nearly finished and they're giving tours the communications building is doubling in size or something... what used to be greenspace is now filling up with building... the new entrance of the major highway through town (u.s. 30) is opened now,... the math building's gotten a complete face lift... all in all, it's different every time  nonetheless, people changes and campus changes aside, coming back is still coming home in a sense.  i don't see my friends here regularly anymore, but when i do see them, it's stepping back into "family" -- i *belong* here.  anyhow, i'm done being all sentimental or whatever i'm being... exciting events in the last 24 hours?  the concert at heather's church was the touring choir from Africa University (in Zimbabwe)... dude, they could really sing and dance... the students in the choir (15 out of 115 are on tour for the summer in the states) were so excited that last night was the first stop where they got to meet american *college students* instead of just adults and small children... people their own age... they wanted pictures with us and to exchange emails... not only did we thoroughly enjoy the concert, we had lots of fun chatting with the choir members after!  after concert, adam hughes found us and he, heather, and i went to broadway and had planets (mars, neptune, and pluto to be specific)... if you don't know what planets are you're either (a) not from valpo or (b) haven't heard me babble enough about valpo yet =P  after that we went to visit the rock and take silly pictures with it (yes, at like midnight... i hope they turn out well, it was fun)  had a lazy AM, and dude i'm glad i'm staying with a friend... it was so hot when i left jersey that i only packed summer clothes, only it got down to 40 last night and is still just high 50s today, and thankfully neighborest heather is lending me sweatshirts for while i'm here!!!  had lunch with laura johnson and her fiance chris (they got engaged like a year ago, and this was the first i met him!)  yay applebees... we had fun...  now, going to wander campus and probably call a rutgers friend or two -- analysis grades are posted, and dr. goodman wasn't afraid to give Cs =(  i got a C+... which is not good and means i can't get a C next semester or i'm in trouble... oops.  time for a walk, to enjoy the beautiful weather now that the sun's out, and to talk get my analysis final angst out of my system... and then back to enjoying my friends. =)  later dudes.