Somehow, today felt really strange. I had a wonderful meeting with Dr Luis Bush, the man who coined and visioned the 10/40 window. He shared the story about a certain Korean youth who was inspirsed and led by the Spirit of God to find a new window, the 35/45 old turkish world window. he shared of how the youth travelled around with some of his friends in that window, praising God and having prayer meetings. The youth also got people in Korea involved to pray for the 35/45 window. It is really challenging to hear Dr Bush share the story. It sort of re-kindled my fire and vision of seeing children gathering together for a massive children's conference. My faith was strengthened and praise God for sending such a man of God to Cornerstone. Things felt strange partly because there seems to be a gap between Eileen and I now. I guess it takes time for me to adjust but I know that things will eventually work out for our good. Had a talk with Shuyi too during dinner. She spoke to me about my behaviour and attitude towards Wenhui. Basically she said I react in a not so positive manner towards her. To a certain extent, I think it is true. I did react to her constant counter-statements towards my comments. Sometimes i wonder why the leadership still keeps me in the zone discipleship group if every thing I shared seems to be wrong. During the last meeting, I really feel like giving up,going to auntie Daphne and ask her to take me out. Not because of Wenhui, but i feel that if there are things that are wrong in my sharing, it's better for me not to share at all in order to protect the flock. Personally, I feel as if everything meeting I have with Wenhui, she's going to have something negative to say about what I shared. To go into a meeting feeling like that is terrible and I tried so hard to be positive. Maybe the work in school has been catching up and maybe I should really consider stopping the driving of the van for morning prayer meeting because by the time I go for the meeting in the afternoon, I was really tired and zonked out. However, I managed to speak to Eileen about it and she sort of helped to make me feel better. I guess the only thing I can do now is to pray....