I finally had the chance to go into downtown Boston yesterday and soak up a little bit of DNC hubub. The city was decidedly abuzz. Secret service, cops, and troopers everywhere. But no major traffic snarls or chaos. Actually, it was all quite festive (machine guns aside).  I had two "celebrity" sightings: Dick Gephart and Mike Dukakis. Both were just walking down the street with one or two other people and I did double takes both times. Not exactly John Cusack or Matt Damon (both also in town for the occasion), and definitely not Jon Stewart, but at least I got a little bit of that goofy frisson that comes with spotting someone famous. I also waited for about fifteen minutes in front of an outdoor restaurant in Quincy Market (a place nobody from Boston ever goes, incidentally) because there was a rumor that Bill and Hillary were coming. They didn't show, but I chatted with a congressman from Georgia who pointed out a number of senators and congressman in the restaurant, some of whom looked familiar.  Otherwise, there were lots of people with big plastic DNC tags hanging around their necks (Delegates, I presume) and lots of flair all over their shirts. ("Office Space" fans will know what I mean.) There were some small coteries of protesters, most for left-leaning causes, a big group of Falun Gong-ers, plus the requisite pro-lifers with bloody fetus posters. What I found most fascinating were the lone ranging activists -- just individual people carrying around signs or passing out fliers.   Sadly, I was unable to join the Billionaires for Bush march as my alter ego, Mimi Furst, due to the fact that I am overloaded with work for my CTY course (incidentally, did anyone read the 'Nerd Camp' article in last week's NYer? That's the same organization I'm working for).   Did anyone catch Clinton's speech on Monday night? Man, that guy can talk. But Barack Obama, the Justin Timberlake of the Democratic Party, is one helluva rhetorician himself.   I don't know. Can we win this thing? I am envious of all you folks who get to vote in Iowa and actually have an impact. Voting Dem. in Massachusetts is like spitting into the ocean. (Another thing I plan to do, soon.)  Over and out.