It's good to have friends.   I think  urlLink this  and  urlLink this  about sums it up. It is hard having to leave everything behind. On Friday I could still hold it back a bit, until after watching  Lilo & Stitch . I just broke out crying in Carol's arms. And Saturday all I could think of during the graduation ceremony was how I wanted to see all my friends again. Dinner was good, and I got along well with my family (for a change), but... After tomorrow morning I won't be able to see my friends for a long time. Well, I'm getting ahead of myself there. Anyway, once dinner was over I scooted over to Tracy & Jeff's, since they were having their gaming night. To hell with packing, friends are more important. They were having a good time, which made me happy. And after everyone else left, I just couldn't bring it over myself to leave. I just wanted to stay there forever, with all the people that helped me get through the semester in one piece. I am not exaggerating when I say that I wouldn't have made it without them. After (heck, even while) all the shit had hit the fan this past Summer I was about to give up on myself. The one thing that kept me going was the knowledge that there was someone to return to. If not... If not I would have just withered away. So I was there for a long while, but with each minute I became more restless. My feet were tingling, and my stomach was turning circles. Because every minute that passed was a minute closer to good-bye, and I didn't want that. I  hate  good-byes. I really wanted time to stop right there and then. I really did. And all the time I kept thinking if there wasn't anything I could have done to stay a while longer. What if I had told my parents all of a sudden that I didn't want to go to Waterloo anymore? But I knew that I couldn't have done that. Because I would have caused more harm than the one I was avoiding, and I would have been selfish. I am my own bane. And I knew I couldn't avoid my curse. I cannot stay anywhere for long after making friends. Something will always drag me away kicking and screaming. I am destined to remain a memory only. But I am fighting it with every ounce of strength in me. I will see these friends again, even if I have to drag all of Canada behind me to do it. I will...I will... I will be back.  It pained me a lot to have to leave these friends. A  lot . And again it was up to me to be the bastard and be the one that forced in the departure. I almost didn't though. When I went down the stairs my feet felt like lead, and when I was leaving the building I nearly turned around. But... But I am a coward. I couldn't face them anymore. I wouldn't have been able to go on being a bastard. Step after step I dragged myself to the car and drove back to my apartment, and cried myself to sleep. Hah! How true that song sounds right now...   ...  And when I laugh it's tears I hide And when I cry it's joy inside A foul disease has stained the land The bitter harvest of a dying bloom And when I cry it's joy inside A wicked smile for all the tears I hide It hurts to hold all the pain I feel The bitter harvest of a dying bloom  ...   *sigh* Saturday was both the happiest and the saddest day in my life. And all I can think of now is  O'Hana means family. Family means no one gets left behind, or forgotten . Nobody. Nobody will be forgotten by me. They will forever have my heart and soul.  Tomorrow morning I'm leaving for Canada. This is it. I'm gone. I... I don't know what to do. After this, how can I make new friends? How can I face my life and the prospects of yet another good-bye? They say it's a small world... But how come that it feels like the distances separating us are infinite? That it would take an eternity to see them again? If this is such a small world, then why can't I stay with those I love most? I promised that on the first opportunity I get to visit I would be there with them, and I plan to keep that promise. But... But what if I'm forbidden from having such an opportunity for two years?  WHY THE FUCK  can't I get back for two years after my studies are over?  WHICH ASSHAT  decided to put that clause in a student visa? Xenophobic fucktards. I don't want money, I don't want power, I don't want control... I just want my friends back. I want to be happy, and I want them to be happy. Is that too much to ask for?