Wow.  I went to see Manitoba at the Marquee last night, and it was so. fucking. intense.  I was speechless.  First off, Manitoba is a "DJ".  Sort of.  He samples, and there are beats, but there was so much going on, it is almost indescribable.  I will try.  Even though Manitoba is just one guy (I assume he is in charge of the arrangements...?), there were two other guys on stage with him.  They all came out wearing these bunny masks... which was alot cooler than it sounds.  Behind them, they got a video feed of random shots and video that was streaming, while turning into paintings.  It was awesome.  So Manitoba is on one set of drums, with two synthesizers beside him.  And then there is  another  drummer on the opposite side of the stage!  I now feel that two drummers are not option - they are mandatory.  Christ!  It was so good!  The third guy in the center played guitars of all sorts (one at a time) plus some crazy instruments that were I assume homemade (maybe not).  The music was so intense, it was like nothing else I have ever seen.  Loved it.  Loved.  It.  I now want to have Manitoba's babies.  They would be geniuses.  Did I mention that Manitoba is doing his PhD in pure mathematics over in England?  Holy crap.  Side note:  I saw this guy Jeff at the show.  Jeff is from Edmonton, but I met him ages ago at a friend's birthday party here in Hali.  We had a good chat, and Mandy, being the socially retarded friend that she is, asked him if he has a girlfriend, and when he answered in the affirmative, she actually said "sorry" to me.  I have got to get rid of that girl (just kidding, Middy, you know I love your quirky ways!).  Anyhoo, it's been ages since I have seen Jeff, but he still said hello, and commented on the awesomeness of the show.  I met loads of people at that birthday party, and had goog chats with quite a few, and so far, Jeff has been the only one nice enough to not pretend he doesn't remember be.  I love Edmontonians (and I wish Jeff didn't have a girlfriend).