Ahhhhh. A lot happened today, I think.  At Agriscience we worked with Thyme and the nodes of already planted seedlings. We snipped the branches at the internodes and dunked them in powdered plant hormone, then planted them. Mrs. Roos gave us our own little plants to take home, called "Devil's Backbone". She told us to hide them though, or Mrs. Cornelius would take them away and do evil things to our permanent record. Roos also showed us a live Black Widow Spider. Most of the girls acted like such wussies and screamed, and I was a bit freaked out but it was in a bottle for goodness sakes! I got to see it's little red hourglass.  In P.E. not a lot happened really, I don't think. Tyrone was really really starting to get on my nerves because he kept calling me China and acting like we were Power Rangers, telling me to, "use [your] powers, China!" It's not that I don't like him because he's mentally challenged, it's because he never pays attention! But he's funny though, and I know to stay patient with him.  In government we took the first Unit Test for the Foreign Policy unit. It stunk! Errrg. It wasn't hard, but it was really stupid. I dunno...just not fun or anything. We had to write a lot of essays. Stuff about the President's role being affected by congress and stuff like that.   Hahahaha! In English we watched Romeo and Juliet the movie. The costumes were hilarious! It was completely weird and funny. The guys wore tights that were like the spandex and underarmor people wear to track, except that we wear the spandex with shorts and shirts overtop!   Track was funny. I had to run my five miles. However, the baseball people kept purposefully throwing their baseballs over the fence and into the stadium. One of them hit Jack. Then it was funyn because all the track guy sprinters were telling off the laughing baseball people, who immediately backed off. Then Spalding came over and I got mad because they stole our track. For people who pay so much just to get into and go to school, you'd think they'd have their own track!  Tomorrow Coach L will have the roster for what we're going to run on Thursday. I'm looking at the two-mile race and the 4x8 relay. Maybe the one-mile instead of the two mile, but most likely one of those two and the 4x8.  6 days until the meet, seven until the surgery. Yes, I'm counting down.  My mom said she might give me a ride to school tomorrow. Yay! I can say hi to all my friends in the morning! Usually I either have to go to CATN or my bus comes too late for me to see them before the bell rings. Grr....  Je suis fatigue (That's right, isn't it? I don't take french..)   "Blessed be the Lord my strength, Who teacheth my hands to war, And my fingers to fight."  --Psalm 144, a Psalm of David