Monday ughhhhhhhhhhhhh  As if dragging my ass out of bed wasn't bad enough, I have to come to work only to have an e-mail arguement with a friend about why I don't want to go to her wedding and spend an entire evening stuck in the same room with Marine, and alcohol.  We have a mutual friend who is getting married in July, well, she sends me an invitation AFTER Marine and I broke up.  She knows the details of the break up, and sees no reason for me to not want to go.  I was saying how awkward and uncomfortable it would be and she said " It would be nice to have you there. Having you there would make a difference to me. So don't think that it won't! You missed my shower for him, and now you are going to miss my wedding, the most important day to me???  I am not saying this to make you feel guilty, but maybe it's time you moved on, and deal with it."    I'm not the one that can't move on and deal with it!  He is!  He's the one who asked if we could be friends, and now he's acting like a little fuckin girl and won't talk to me.  At first he would text message me (like we're in high school), now he won't talk at all.  And I'm supposed to jump at the chance to go to a wedding where I won't know ANYONE but the bride, groom, and Marine?  Riiiiiiiiiiiiight!  She keeps telling me to bring a date, duh, of course I would.  But that's not the point!  So now I'll feel guilty if I don't go, but going will make me feel about as comfortable as Michael Jacko's dangling baby.  What to do, what to do???  Anyway... my weekend was ok.  Did everything I said I was going to do, but no real cool stories unfortunately.  Oh wait, i fainted yesterday because i didn't drink water and went to the gym so I got hella dehydrated.  I smacked my head so then my head hurt, nevermind, that wasn't cool, that sucked.  Today is going alright, I can't believe it's already 2:00!  I went to lunch today with my friend Benz, he's this gay guy I work with.  He's great!  We talk about everything which is cool because he understands both sides of the situation with all my guy problems.  Ok well, this is boring so i'm gonna get back to work...