It's now exactly a week since I first came back from Paris.  I thought living here in this house again after so long would feel stranger than it does but it doesn't really feel alien at all.  I've been getting on well with Mum which is something else that I couldn't really have anticipated.  The closest we've managed to that in the past couple of years is a kind of icy politeness.  I've realised that she's actually quite shy.  Strange when you watch your parents getting older and see their fragility.  I've spent most of the past week asleep or sitting around in the garden.  There's been a fair amount of watching bad TV too while eating choc ices even though it hasn't been all that hot.  I feared that I might be questioning my decision to leave France at this point but so far I've felt not the least inkling of regret.  One thing I have realised though is that I can't face living in another capital city.  I don't like Yarmouth all that much but one good thing about it is that it's very quiet and peaceful despite all the holidaymakers around at this time of year.  What did Jim Davidison say about them again? 'Overweight in flipflops with kids of different races and no class'.  Not all that far from the truth.    I was walking through the Marketplace the other day (on my way to WH Smiths to buy the Guardian - you can't get any broadsheets at our cornershop) and I felt like I was in a sit-com or perhaps I'd unwittingly slipped into a parallel universe. There were loads of elderly tourists on those concrete benches sitting around in vest-tops and shorts eating chips and a guy with a cheapo cassette stereo trying to flog his £2.99 homemade easy-listening by doing kareoke along to the hits of Jim Reeves or Daniel O'Donnell or whatever other sonic horror happened to be blasting out.  Awful.  This town has no sense of irony.  I'm starting to feel a degree of affection for it though, despite myself, perhaps because I know that my stay here is only short-term (short-term inmate, heh, heh, heh).  Anyway, Mum and I are planning to go for Sunday lunch tommorow in a little village near the Broads (David Bowie sang about them you know - listen carefully to the lyrics of 'Life on Mars?') to escape the influx of teenie-boppers who've paid their £12.50 to experience the joys of 'Pop Beach'.  In my youth (which if I may say so, isn't entirely over yet) it was the Radio I roadshow, and although the acts were of a comparable level of mediocrity, at least it was free.  Not that I ever bothered to go, if I remember rightly:  I think by the age of fourteen I'd already started wearing DM's with purple laces, too much black eyeliner and a permantly pained expression.  So, tommorrow at The Greyhound in Hickling I ought to get my first taste of real homemade Yorkshire Puddings in years.  Can't wait.  Must remember to keep taking the anti-inflammatories though (at least the enemas are a thing of the past...)