Listening to: Suffocate - Cold  Mood: Down     Sometimes I think that the more you reflect on life, the more complicated it gets and the more sensitive you become. Or maybe it's at these times where the reality of life scares you so much that the insecurity affects your sensitivity.   I have always done what I thought was best to be happy and yet unhappiness has been my friend. I look back on the past and wonder what I have to show for my battles and my wars. Rarely do things go my way and I'm tired of living in a dreamland, believing that if I try harder or fight for longer that things will change. I'm tired of dreaming impossible dreams. But most of all I'm tired of being haunted by the memories of my past.   I've also started to hate looking around me these days and analysing who I can rely on on days such as these. The people I can turn to are becoming fewer and fewer with eahc passing day. And where is my reverie, Ice? The one person through 5 years of friendship who never let me down, disappointed me or disillusioned me? Dead and gone that's fucking where. Nearly two years has passed and the idea that I will never see him again is still new to me. I still find myself believing that he's out there in the States and that one summer (soon) he'll come back for a holiday. And on that holiday, I'll be able to tell him of all the good and bad moments that I've been through in these past two years... and he'll  listen , wipe away the tears and give a long sermon on how important it is to continue with life with the same strength and force as always. I miss him.   And today is the official start to my summer, where my work hours are a lot less and so is my salary. I feel useless. I'm not even going to be able to pay all the bills here. I'm going to have to revert back to being a teenager and ask my parents to help out. So much for working so fucking hard at university for my independence and freedom. 1 year and 9 months of independence only to go back to having to ask dad for money, and to make it all worse, ask money for a house that he shouldn't have to support. I hate that. I hate having to degrade myself in asking for help in that way. Yes, I'm proud... or I was. I was proud of what I had achieved but now I see that I achieved a big bag of  nothing .   All this makes me question as to what else I think I have achieved or that I think I have that I actually don't have. What else am I going to lose? What else is just a fantasy?