It is hard to believe it is already Tuesday morning at 2:18 am.  I seem to remember that I just went to church and then went out to lunch and went to work 3 pm to 11 pm Sunday evening.  Then I went back to work at 7 am until 3pm on Monday morning. That was yesterday and here it is after 2 am in the morning on Tuesday.  It is a good thing that I dont have to go to work until 3 pm today.  Maybe Sammy the mutt will let us sleep past 4:30 am today.  Yesterday morning after going to bed at 1:30 am he went out to leave his mark on the neighborhood and when he came back inside he decided he would start barking at Angel to see if she would wake up and play with him.  That plan backfired on him because he wound up waking up the Boggy Creek Monster who came into Kristina's room and descended upon him in an attempt to change his mind with regards to barking at 4:30 am.  Apparently the Boggy Creek Monster likes to sleep undisturbed during that time of the day.  Sammy the mutt was unable to dodge the first two blows that bounced off his body but he did dive for cover next to Kristina who awakened and came to his defense in the nick of time.  The Boggy Creek Monster having made his point clear enough to Sammy the mutt retreated back to the creek and attempted to go back to sleep.    As we fast forward to around 8 pm last night you will note that I decided to make a run to Wallyworld to locate a TV antennae for our television.  We have not had cable TV now for about 2 months which also means that we were not getting local TV channels either.  That means that I have been several quarts low on Jay Leno monologue.  My trip to Wallyworld was productive in that I found an antennae and a DVD movie of interest and came back home to install said antennae.  I am not sure IF Jeff Foxworthy has a line in his book called "You must be a redneck if" with regards to TV antennas.  If not, I can happily add this one to his ever growing list.  You must be a redneck if you spend 20.00 on a TV antenna and the only way you can get it to work in your double wide trailer is to throw it outside on the porch.  LOL...  That is right.  This high powered antenna would get a signal but not much of one.  I figure that while the metal in the double wide trailer is not much with regards to keeping in the cool or keeping out the cold it certainly can keep out all matter of TV signals.  I guess that means that I dont have to worry about people sitting outside with parabolic mics listening in to our conversations.  In the past I tried this same manuver in an attempt to find a signal.  In my desperation the next step became the mother of my newest brain child which was to toss the stupid antenna outside.  That required a couple of extension cords and a 20 foot piece of cable and a splitter that allowed me to throw it out on the porch.  Lets not forget the special enhancement that I added when I wrapped a couple of pieces of aluminum foil to each rabbit ear.  That seemed to REALLY do the trick.