the following is a list of korean slogans/writings on various products in korea. these are, obviously, translated into english on the product. therefore, most of them are humorous due to their strange translation. others, even when translated properly, still don't make much sense. just sit back and enjoy.  the first part is the brand name and/or type of product, which is then followed by the slogan. (all slogans are written exactly as they are on the product. all punctuation and spelling errors included.)  1) Cosmos (serving tray): I like the strawberry. It puts the milk in the pretty strawberry and it eats and it is delicious more. I like the srtawberry. (strawberry was spelled incorrectly on the tray)  2) Cosmos (serving tray): So many butterflies are flowing around the garden where is fulled of beautiful flowers to announce the coming of spring.  3) Cosmos (plastic cup): The god create as the first flowers in the world The cosmos means the purity and love.  4) Pretty Bear (soap dish): With incredible magic of the pretty bear, you too will be the best friend like a lot of many people all over the world.  5) Chri Merry (garbage container): I was so happy when I knew that friend is very valuable mean.  6) Astro Boy (pencil case): ASTRO BOY who is pure and tender of heart and has a strong sense of justice, confronts his mighty foes in spite of his small body to aspire to a world robots and humans can be friends.  7) NoMore (pencil case): Fancy Friend Freeway.  8) La Niege (make up): Everyday new face.  9) (t-shirt): Money from chaos.  10) (national korean soccer team): Korea team fighting.  11) Nike (t-shirt): Let's get naked.  here are the new additions:  12) Blue Mong (pencil case): You share all my joy and sorrow...my other half.  13) Nunchy's Bakery (pencil case): Let me introduce my recipe food.  14) Blue Bear (pencil case): I wanna feel you in my arms again and you come to me...  15) Run! Run! Run! (pencil case): It is rabbit. You are not rabbit which come out in book! You can take the victory in game with turtle.  16) Pin Bear (pencil case): Get your wing. Pin Bear is made from brown solid fabric. He hasn't got anybody to play with.  that's all i have currently. i will probably add more when i see them. most of my students have pencil cases and clothes that have crazy things written on them. i'll probably repost this with updates eventually.