The old man said it again. “No.” “Not a single thing?” “Nothing.” In a rush of wind and color, the man was back in his school days. He was 12, and walking with a girl behind his school. His cheeks were rosy red, and he had a funny look on his face. He got closer to the girl, and he planted his face right on hers. It wasn’t a kiss, really, but for a 12-year-old it was close enough. The girl’s eyes started to water, and they she was crying. She ran away, and the young boy was perplexed. The old man’s face didn’t change. “Not this?” “No.” He was at the Junior High Dance. The boy was sitting by the wall, looking out at the girl he had loved before. She was dancing with another guy. He was taller than the boy, and much older. The girl was happy. The song was over and the two started walking to a more secluded part of the school. The boy was just out of earshot. He heard the girl scream. The old man’s face didn’t change. “Not this?” “No.” It was a party he had his sophomore year with the football team. There was booze everywhere, and drugs were abundant. He was drinking heavily, and the lights started to dim. He turned to a girl who had been drinking as well, but he couldn’t see her face. They stumbled into the back bedroom. Things started to blank out. He could see himself undoing his pants. He saw the girl nude on the bed. The old man’s face didn’t change. “Not this?” “No.” It was Senior Prom. He saw the girl he had a crush on in the sixth grade, and they were dancing together. She was smiling. He was smiling. They were both happy. They walked out together and drove to a hotel. She was sitting on the bed, and he was on the other side. She started to take her clothes off, but he wouldn’t let her. She looked disappointed. She tried again, but he refused. She slapped him and stormed out. The old man’s face didn’t change. “Not this?” “No.” He came home from work a little earlier today; he was luck to have that last meeting canceled. It was a long day, and he really just wanted to spend some time with his wife. He called for reservations at her favorite restaurant in the city, and he already called a babysitter for the kids. He opened the door, and the TV was left on. He saw a pair of briefs on the couch. He looked into the bedroom. The old man’s face didn’t change. “Not this?” “No.” The old man was sitting at his apartment. He had a wife. He had children. He was now retired, and he hadn’t seen either in several years. His daughter calls sometimes. His wife has been remarried several times. Now all he does is sit at home, reading books, watching the news. He turned off the television, and closed his eyes. “So not a single thing?” “No.” Death took his hood off, and the old man saw the face of St. Michael, the Archangel. “You're ready to begin. Follow me.”