I write what I like.    Steven Biko would begin his essays with that line as he wrote in anti-apartheid newsletters back in the 1970's.  It's a line that I should use more as I write here in this little nook of the online universe.   Today was one of the busiest days of the summer.  My camp had to go to Six Flags Darien Lake today, which means that over 100 kids come out for this trip that lasts from 9:30 until 5:30.  Three and a half hours of this trip are spent going to and from the park, and another 30-60 minutes are required to round the kids up, make sure they are all accounted for, and load them on to and off of a bus.  When you cut out the 4 to 4.5 hours of travel/organization time, that's 3.5 to 4 hours of actual ride time.  We do these things called "buddy checks" several times throughout the day where kids come and check in with a specific counselor to let them know they're okay.  These kids are all 12-14 years of age, and most of them don't need us holding their hands as they go through the park.  Well, at the end of the day, one of my kids decided that eating ice cream was more important that checking in to go home.  He delayed our departure by 25 minutes.  The saddest part?  His body could have done without the ice cream, if you get my drift.  Harsh for me to say, as my body is far from perfect, but I would never put my stomach over 120 campers and counselors, even at that age.   Once we got home, Jamie and I had a quick bite to eat at Applebee's for about an hour before heading over to our second round of premarital counseling.  I love our mentoring couple, but tonight we were preparing for one of the most uncomfortable moments of our lives:  the talk about "it".   Now I won't go into the details of the talk, as I greatly cherish the privacy of our sessions and especially my fiance.  However, some things were a little harder for us to swallow than others.  Jamie is a Christian, but I can tell that there are some things in this religion that she does not necessarily agree with (but I do not attempt to speak any of these feelings for her).  I consider myself to be more agnostic than anything else.  I know there's something, but I don't think we can understand what it is most of the time.  I like all religions, plain and simple.  Some more than others, but I like to diversify as much as I can.  This is a touchy subject for many people, so I will end this discussion before things get too upsetting for some of you (and even myself).   I end my rambling tonight with a little anecdote from this evenings counseling session.  Jamie and I had to come up with a budget for our lives after marriage.  We sat down with Jamie's mother after dinner on Sunday to do this activity, and it was very eye opening.  I think that Jamie and I were not as prepared as we thought we were for the life of paying bills all the time and living in a house, and therefore we became very stressed out.  While we agreed that this was a great activity to get to understand ourselves and our finances better, we also shared great pleasure in discovering that we were both very much afraid of the question: "How can we possibly afford these things?"   As we shared this story with our mentors tonight, I came up with a great quote that I will market to the editors of quotebooks that are sold in bookstores throughout the country:     "We left at each other's throats, and returned in each other's arms."     How cool am I?  Go on and admit it:  That's a good one!