tomdispatch.com a project of the Nation Institute   To send this to a friend, or to read more dispatches, go to tomdispatch.com  "Great disorder under the heavens"  Selected quotations from the little red (white and blue) book of General Jerry Boykin, deputy undersecretary of defense for intelligence, in charge of facilitating intelligence information for Donald Rumsfeld's "High Value Target Plan," aimed at hunting down Saddam Hussein, Osama bin Laden, and Mullah Omar:  Of a strange, dark mark on a photograph he took of Mogadishu, Somalia, during the Black Hawk Down operation of which he was a part: "Ladies and gentleman, this is your enemy. It is the principalities of darkness. It is a demonic presence in that city that God revealed to me as the enemy."  Of Osama bin Laden, Saddam Hussein and North Korea's Kim Jung il: "Why do they hate us? The answer to that is because we're a Christian nation. We are hated because we are a nation of believers."  Of the president: "George Bush was not elected by a majority of the voters in the United States, he was appointed by God."  (All quotes taken from addresses made to evangelical congregations, all guaranteed genuine thanks to military analyst William Arkin of the Los Angeles Times, The Pentagon Unleashes a Holy Warrior.)  Now, the above quotes and others caused national news consternation. The day the story broke in the press, it was also at or close to the top of the various network prime-time news shows, though largely in a round-up-the-usual-suspects kind of way. The President was generally shown not to be of General Boykin's type. Yes, he had slipped early on. That darn "crusades" reference (which Eisenhower got away with in a famous book title -- Crusade in Europe -- back in the days when nobody here knew there were Muslims in the world). But generally, as we all know, the President has "reached out" to the Islamic world (as has his attorney general to Islamic immigrants with somewhat analogous results domestically and globally).  But let's stop and consider General Boykin's comments a bit more closely. If, as he claims, the younger Bush was appointed by God -- who, I wonder, appointed the elder Bush? -- and the younger Bush, in turn, appointed Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of Defense, and Rumsfeld appointed Boykin to help hunt down the Satanic Triad, then it seems clear enough, from one point of view anyway, that Boykin (the poor sap had to offer public apologies yesterday) was himself deputized by and a deputy to God with a cap G.  Click here to read more of this dispatch. http://www.nationinstitute.org/tomdispatch/index.mhtml?emx=x&pid=1016  ---