wow...i've been so busy the past few days.  monday night i went skiing for the first time in a long time and it was so much fun.  i was chaperoning for the "monday night ski program" so i went there with a bus full of 8th graders, which was interesting in itself.  i've decided that middle schoolers want you to know everything about them...they are so open.  anyway, didn't get home until super late that night, especially since one of the kids got injured right before everyone was supposed to get on the bus.  anyway, tuesday i went driving around with 2 of my friends (one of them being the girl i'm most likely going to get an apartment with, and the other was her boyfriend) in st. paul looking for apartment phone numbers.  that was fun.  i'm starting to get really excited about the idea of moving out.  we have a whole page of numbers to start calling but we won't know if she gets the job until tomorrow or saturday.  i hope she does.  i desperately need to get out.  i had another argument with shea about the cat on monday.  i ended up telling him that i hate him and that he is an asshole.  the sad part is that i meant every word.  i don't consider him to be my friend anymore.  friends don't treat friends the way he treats me.  plus, all of these personal attacks are getting old.  and it's not just this cat thing...he's been treating me horribly ever since he met that girl, and i don't understand why that changed how he treats me.  maybe she didn't like me or something...or maybe it's because he knew i wasn't all that fond of her.  i don't know.  i think it's wrong to just ditch your old friends when someone new comes along, but he's certainly not me and i definitely can't expect anyone to believe the same things i do.  anyway, i apologized to him today but he wouldn't even acknowledge my presence so i don't think it meant much.  i really am sorry for fighting with him and being selfish about the cat situation.  after all, it is their house and why should i expect them to put my health & comfort above their pleasure & happiness?  i know it sounds like i'm being sarcastic but i'm not, honestly.  part of me wants him to forgive me and for us to be great friends again.  i know that's most likely not going to happen, while at the same time i'm not sure i want to be his friend anymore.  *sigh*  guess it's out of my hands now and i'll take things as they come.  it's his decision whether he wants to forgive me and consider me a friend or not...