I've been away from math for too long. I completely forgot how to prove by induction... I'm supposed to prove that the inequality  n   is true for all positive integers... And am stuck. I remember part of the thing... Such as starting out with the truth  for n=1 P(n)=2 , and that the recursive expression  P(k+1)=2*P(k)  somehow gets into that... But after that my brain just slips off the clutch and careens down a cliff and there's blood everywhere, and the baby's crying, and the cop is standing at the top of the cliff shaking his head and saying "boy, what a mess".  Help?  I  know  that  n  , I just don't fucking remember how to prove it nicely.  Classes started this week. I'm definitively sticking with the Meta Programming Languages one (which gives me a  good  chance to use Ruby), and of course I have to take the Algorithms class... Distributed Networking sucks big donkey balls, so I'm out of that one, and I probably won't take the AI one for credit (but I will go to it anyway just to learn the shit once and for all), which should give me a fairly balanced schedule overall. Well, until I start working for my TA assignment. Which apparently is a lot of work this semester. One way or another, my weekdays start very early and end very late. My typical day this week has been   * get up at 6-7am  * Go to the office, work on papers/projects  * Go to class  * Go to meetings  * Go to class  * Work more on my papers/projects  * Drag myself home (usually it's 6-7pm by then)  * Have dinner  * Sleep till morning Needless to say, a 12-hour workday has not been too nice on me, and I'm feeling drained. Today was the firsts day where I slept until after 9am, and that was because I forced myself to stay in bed. Early classes aren't helping that much either... My parent's PC broke down again... From their description of the problem it sounds like the disk where I had LILO installed is kapputt... I'm hoping that's not the case, and that it's just a problem of a bad connection. In any case I hope to create a  urlLink BartPE  CD for them in case this happens again. With that at least they'll have something to get their PC working. It will also be nice in case it gets hit with a virus. Well, as a result of all that they suckered me into going to visit them this weekend. I don't mind doing it every once in a while, but I already went last weekend, and gas isn't free... Plus it's 4 hours (per one-way trip) out of my life that I won't get back. Not that I have that much of a life anyway... Damn.  But while on the topic of PCs, I got a decent one in at work earlier this week. With Debian installed as requested. So I spent a good time  urlLink customizing it to my liking  (those are icons from the BeOS theme) and getting things to work that should have been working already, including (but not limited to):  * Killing  esd  when I log in (it blocks  /dev/dsp , which is used to play sounds)  * Setting the ssh daemon to start on bootup (was disabled, tsk tsk tsk) so I can log in from home  * Changing the hostname ( daedalus  is so much nicer on my command line prompt than  csgradpc11 )  * Installing the fortunes. Got to have the fortunes! There are some things that I should have requested earlier... Such as reiserfs instead of ext3... But all in all the person did a good job. And he used aptitude, which made me happy when I wanted to go install it and found it already on the system. He's got a lot to learn however - the job used to be done by someone else, and the new person doesn't know much about maintaining a large number of machines. He didn't know how to install a second root account (even minimalistic ones like  sash ), doesn't know that he could get root access anyway with a LiveCD, and most importantly  he was installing the machines one by one . Now for small systems like HpCDC this may be ok, because there are only 12 machines and the specs don't change from one machine to another... But for a larger environment he should at least have used some cloning tool, such as  systemimager .  Back to my PC - there are things that I still need to get working. I need to check with them to see how their policy is on me adding my own hardware (I want a firewire card for my iPod). And I want to set up the USB connection for my camera so I can upload pictures from it.