I came back from MAGIC (Midlands Area Guiding International Camp) today! Huzzah. It was my first Guide camp as a leader and I had a surprisingly good time and fitted in with all the proper grown-ups quite nicely. I've missed blogging though, and talking to my mates, despite access to my mobile, a privelege not usually synonymous with camping. Here's my week in short:   Day 1  Busy. Tired but happy. Thinking about Draper.   Day 2  Crap weather! Knackered again but having a laugh. Rubbish opening ceremony involving a stripping fire eater. Am on the lookout for pretty boys. So far: none.   Day 3  Weather improving. I have a cold and Lorraine (other assistant Guider) is contagious. The boy band was v amusing, involving many cover songs and screaming girls. I realised Kati (guide) would probably never go to a gig due to her epilepsy. Scary. Janet (main Guider) said I was useful. Grin.   Day 4  Very relaxed today. Royal visit from Sophie Countess of Wessex. Missing male company. Still no pretty boys on camp, just some who stink of cheap aftershave that the Guides fancy and they know it. Played Twister and won! Twice! Huzzah.   Day 5  Shock horror: good weather. Campfire. Meh. Text from Sam! Yay. Selina says she will buy me a dictionary of euphemisms. Hurrah.   Day 6  Lots of sunshine followed by lots of rain. Thinking about Sean.   Day 7  Last day! Ace closing ceremony, but missing mum. Fear re: striking camp without Janet.  As it turns out, striking camp wasn't so bad and mum and I are sucessfully reunited. This summer's next Guiding task is to set up a Senior Section unit for the older guides before I leave for Leeds. But before then, I need to bathe, sleep and go to Italia! I can't wait for Monday; I know I'm going to miss certain *people* while I'm away (due to my laziness I have not activated my phone for foreign use) but I need a break from dull and dreary Walsall, and sizzling quietly on a beach in my favourite European country sounds just about right. Then I can return, become 18, a student of Leeds University (MEEP) and spend the last few weeks of the longest holiday EVER hanging out with my mates. Ace.  Incidentally, I am covered in insect bites. Definitely not ace. Notice how I have refrained from adding in a bad joke about wanting a nice young man to rub after-bite cream into me... oops! ;o)  Ceff x   We can live like Jack and Sally if you want, where you can always find me...