For those of you who still don't have the handouts on verbs that I distributed last week, kindly refer to the notes below (as seen in the printed handout).   --------------    Verbs   are subdivided into two groups, regular verbs and irregular verbs, on the basis of how their past tense and past participles are formed.     Regular Verbs   Most verbs are action verbs. Regular verbs are those whose past tense and past participles are formed by adding a -d or an -ed to the end of the verb. To roll is a good example of a regular verb:  roll rolled rolled  Sometimes the last consonant must be doubled before adding the -ed ending.  For example: plan planned planned      Irregular Verbs   There is no formula to predict how an irregular verb will form its past-tense and past-participle forms. There are over 250 irregular verbs in English. Although they do not follow a formula, there are some fairly common irregular forms. Some of these forms are:  break broke broken cut cut cut run ran run meet met met come came come repay repaid repaid swim swam swum be was/were been     Distinguishing Regular and Irregular Verbs   Dictionaries are perhaps the most valuable tool one can use in distinguishing between regular and irregular verbs. If only one form of the verb is listed, the verb is regular. If the verb is irregular, the dictionary will list the principal parts of the other forms.    Transitive and Intransitive   Verbs carry the idea of being or action in the sentence.  I am an artist. The artists submitted all their portfolios.  As we will see on this page, verbs are classified in many ways. First, some verbs require an object to complete their meaning: "She wrote _____ ?" Wrote what? She wrote a novel. These verbs are called transitive. Verbs that are intransitive do not require objects: "The library caught fire." In English, you cannot tell the difference between a transitive and intransitive verb by its form; you have to see how the verb is functioning within the sentence. In fact, a verb can be both transitive and intransitive: "The monster collapsed the building by sitting on it."  Although you will seldom hear the term, a ditransitive verb (such as cause or give) is one that can take a direct object and an indirect object at the same time: "That horrid music gave me a headache."    Source: Namara, J.M.C. Guide to Grammar and Writing. Hartford, Connecticut: Capital Community College Foundation, 1999      Linking verbs  are either verbs of sensation ("feel," "look," "smell," "sound," "taste") or verbs of existence ("act," "appear," "be," "become," "continue," "grow," "prove," "remain," "seem," "sit," "strand," "turn"). They are also copulas.  Ø Those people are all poets. Ø Those poets are brilliant. Ø This room smells fresh. Ø I feel great. Ø A victory today seems unlikely.  Some verbs that show change are sometimes called resulting copulas. They, too, link a subject to a predicate adjective:  Ø His face turned ashen. Ø She became wiser. Ø The dogs ran wild. Ø The dog has gone sour. Ø The situation grew ugly.  A  linking verb  connects a subject to a subject complement which identifies or describes the subject, as in the following sentences:  Edward Albee’s play is The Zoo Story.  In this sentence, the linking verb "is" links the noun phrase "Edward Albee’s play" to the identifying phrase "The Zoo Story," which is the one that describes the subject.  Some of us thought that the play was very good.  In this sentence, the verb "was" links the subject complement "very good" to subject "the play".  Others thought it became tedious after the first fifteen minutes.  In this sentence, the linking verb "became" links the subject "it" to the subject complement "tedious." The phrase "after the first fifteen minutes" functions as a adverb modifying the clause "it became tedious".  The cast appears disorganized and confused.  Here "appears" is functioning as a linking verb that connects the subject "the cast" to its subject complement "disorganized and confused".   The play seems absurd to me.  The subject "the play" is joined to its subject complement "absurd" by the linking verb "seems".  Many linking verbs (with the significant exception of "be") can also be used as transitive or intransitive verbs. In the following pairs of sentences, the first sentence uses the highlighted verb as a linking verb and the second uses the same verb as either a transitive or an intransitive verb:    Linking   Sabine says that the food in The Dome tastes great.  In this sentence, the adjective "great" is a subject complement that describes a quality of the food    Transitive   I ate the burger before adding more salt.  Here, the noun phrase "the burger" identifies what "I ate." "The burger" is the direct object of the verb "ate."    Linking   My friend's recording   sounds   very squeaky.  In this example, the phrase "very squeaky" is a subject complement that describes or identities the nature of the "recording."    Source: MacFayden, Heather. Linking Verbs. Ottawa, Canada: University of Ottawa, 1994      Auxiliary or helping verbs  are verbs that are used to help form verb phrases but cannot do so independently. There are four basic auxiliary verb groups:  to be to have modal auxiliaries: to do    To Be   This auxiliary verb is used in the progressive tenses and passive voice:  Progressive Tense: You are painting. You were painting. You have been painting.  Passive Voice: You are painted. You were painted. You have been painted.    To Have   This verb is used as an auxiliary in the perfect tense:  I have finished my paper. I had finished my paper. I have been finished with my paper.    Modal Auxiliaries   These auxiliaries affect the mood of the verb; that is, they determine whether a verb is a fact, desire, possibility, or command. They are most commonly used to represent degrees of freedom or severity.     Most common modal auxiliaries  : will, shall, can, may, need (to), dare, would, should, could, might, must, ought (to)  Ability: I can read. Necessity: I must read. Obligation: I ought to read. Permission: I may read.    To Do   This verb is used when the main verb of the sentence requires aid of an auxiliary, but there is no other helping verb that will fit. It is often used in questions, negative or emphatic statements:  Does he write? He writes, doesn't he? Despite his shaky hands, he does write.    Source: Lamos, Steve. Writer's Workshop. Urbana, Illinois: University of Illinois, 2003.