Well, I'm at the point that everyday my laptop can turn on, I'm happy.  Ahhhh, the little things in life that make me smile.   Seems that my computer is on it's way to being kaput.  At first it started when I was watching DVD's.  About an hour or so into the movie, the fan would kick into high, everything would stop for a second, and the computer would turn completely off.    So I'd turn it back on, start the movie where I was a few minutes ago, watch 10 more minutes, and then it would shut down again.    It reached the point where I was ready to throw it out the window when I was hard up for a new movie to watch, so my roomie lent me "Bridget Jones' Diary" AKA: The sappiest craptastic piece of poop ever filmed.  Well, I'm exagerrating, but my computer kept shutting down every 15 minutes or so.  And then I'd have to spend 10 minutes waiting for it to start up and settle down again before I could resume watching it.  Now, after the 6th time it shut down, I'd seen enough to know that I wouldn't be missing much if I just threw in the towel and missed out on the last 30 min.  I didn't think I'd loose too much sleep over that.   But I'm a stubborn mutha, so I kept at it. (Hey, I'm an Aries)   To make a long story short: Whenever I watch a ridiculous movie, a movie I'm dumber for watching, I usually say, "That was a total waste of 2 hours of my life."  With over 10 shutdowns and startups, I ended up wasting around 3 hours of my life watching this piece of crap...   Now, my computer shuts down even more randomly.  It doesn't take much now to overload it's constantly dimishing capacity for multitasking or even solotasking.  So, I'll be in the middle of writing and e-mail or a blog entry, and poooof, all gone.  Try again.   I did some research on the internet, and I got an array of answers.  Overheating, bad motherboard, bad RAM, etc, etc.  But all of them agreed on one thing: You're screwed.   So... I'm just waiting for The Little One to have it's last day.  THEN I'll throw it out the window. hehe. Actually, I'm kinda looking forward to that.   At least I've had the foresight to backup all my files.   Oh, and if anyone's interested, I happen to be selling a Dell Laptop - Great condition.  Only $600!!!! Tell your friends. ;)