It’s amazing and funny how life teaches us new lessons even in the most ordinary of days.  The most usual scenes of everyday life would sometimes make us learn a thing or two on how to live.  Last Tuesday, I met with a friend at Greenbelt.  Two scenes from that day will forever remain in my memory because they made me think and make a decision about how I want to be as a person and how I want to live.     At the MRT…   The Quezon Avenue Station was not as swarmed as I expected it to be when I got there.  As soon as I got my ticket, I joined the army of people rushing to the platform to get on the train that just came to a stop.  As I positioned myself on the yellow arrow markers where the door opened, I couldn’t help but notice an oldish (about 58 to 60-ish) lady, first because she was dressed in pink and then I couldn’t help but admire how strong she still was.  I mean, she ran with the rest of the crowd her crown of pure white hair making her stand out.  And then, I noticed that she looked familiar or she reminded me of someone I knew.  And it dawned on me, she looked like  Mamoosh  (my   urlLink  Tita Pie   ’s mom).    As soon as we got inside the train, people scrambled around to get seats. It was good that there weren’t many people already in the train.  Most of us got seats.  And then, I noticed, at the far side just in front of the door, the “ pink lady ” was standing clutching her bag in one hand and the steel bar in the other.  All around her, younger people were sitting comfortably.  I looked at her and I wanted so much to offer my seat.  We even had eye-to-eye contact for a few seconds, and just as  Mamoosh  would do, she smiled at me.  I looked down thinking that if I gave her my seat, I’d have to cross over to where she was, which was a little bit far.  What if as soon as I stood up, somebody took my seat?  I debated within myself about what to do and I looked at her again.  She was looking out the window deep in thought, it seemed.  She looked exhausted.  That very scene of an oldish woman standing up while we, younger people, sat comfortably around her really bothered me.  My conscience wouldn’t keep me still and made me think, what if it was actually  Mamoosh  or worse what if it was my own  Mommy .  What if  Mamoosh  and/or  Mommy  got on the MRT dead tired and just like this “ pink lady ”, they’d have to stand because nobody would offer them seats.  Thinking of that, I couldn’t stop my tears from falling.  It was a good thing I had my veil so I could cover my face a bit and wipe my tears immediately, but the tears wouldn’t stop.   By the time I decided to really offer my seat, we were on our second stop and the girl seated next to where the “ pink lady ” was standing stood up to go.  The “ pink lady ” sat on the vacated seat with a huge smile on her face and a sigh of relief.  I, on the other hand, was kicking myself for not deciding soon enough to offer my seat.  Why couldn’t I have decided sooner?  The “ pink lady ’s” smile made me feel worse.  I decided then and there that the next time I’ll be in the same situation, there won’t be any debate within, there won’t be any hesitation.  I will do what I have to do as soon as opportunity to do it comes.  In doing so, I will think of  Mommy  or  Mamoosh  being offered a seat or any help at all by a stranger.  I will be so much thankful to that stranger for being a good person.    At the Ladies Room…   Now, this one is quite funny.  After downing several glasses of iced tea, my friend and I had to go to the Ladies Room.  As soon as we got to the Ladies Room, we came face to face with a girl (in office uniform) talking to another girl in one of the cubicles.  They were obviously arguing.  My friend and I did what we came for and checked ourselves in the mirror.  The whole time, we couldn’t help but listen to the very “interesting” discourse.  Here’s how it went...   Girl 1:  Why do you have to take so much?  Couldn’t you just buy your own or something? Girl 2:  What?!  Eh, it’s free nga eh.  It’s for everybody. Girl 1:  That’s the point.  It’s for everybody so it’s not for you lang, ‘di ba?  O, if you were Ayala, would you like if somebody took all the tissue from your CR?  You’re Christian pa naman.  (While saying this, she shot my friend and me a shy glance.  I don’t know why, maybe because my friend and I were both wearing veil.) Girl 2:  Ano?! (What?!)  Are you telling me I’m doing something immoral?! Girl 1:  Yes, that’s stealing.   At this moment, three more confused people came and gave us ‘what’s-happening-here’ kind of looks.  I could just shrug.  My friend was taking such a long time “retouching”.   Girl 2 (now out of the cubicle):  Hay, ewan ko sa’yo!  Ang dami mong issues!  (I don’t know!  You have lots of issues!) Girl 1:  Hindi ako ang maraming issues. (I’m not the one with lots of issues.) Girl 2:  Hello?!  Tissue lang ‘yun…  (It’s only tissue…) Girl 1:  No, that’s stealing.  There is something wrong with your Christianity!  Girl 2:  Baka ikaw… (Maybe, you’re the one…) Girl 1:  Oh yeah?! I’m not the one going out with an attached man! Girl 2:  Ah, so ‘yan pala ang pinupunto mo. Lumabas din! (So, that’s what you were driving at!) Girl 1:  Yeah! Girl 2:  We’re not doing anything wrong, okay?  We just go out and talk as friends.  There’s nothing immoral in that! Girl 1:  No, you’re immoral! Girl 2:  Oh my God! You’re sick!  Magpatingin ka sa psychiatrist! (Go see a psychiatrist!) Girl 1:  Ikaw ang magpatingin!  (You should go see one!) Girl 2:  I didn’t do anything wrong or immoral.  Look at you, you don’t have friends.    By this time, I couldn’t take it anymore so I blurted out loudly,  “Oh my God, I cannot believe I am hearing this!”   The woman standing next to me nodded.  I thought that would actually make them stop.  But, no!  They continued to argue and go more and more personal.  I heaved a sigh of relief when my friend was finally done.  We went out laughing and the two weird girls still at who, between them, was really immoral and who should be seeking professional help.  Honestly, I think they both need help… fast!  While listening to the two girls arguing, I came to realize that in this life no one has the right to judge another person, especially another person’s faith.  When Girl 1 said, “There’s something wrong with your Christianity,” I just couldn’t help but laugh (and I did laugh with them watching me).  I found that funny because the conversation they were having was really weird and Girl 1’s bringing up Girl 2’s Christianity was just too much and misplaced.  And, that was when Girl 2 really exploded.  If I were in that situation and someone told me something was wrong with my being a Muslim or my Islamic view, no, I wouldn’t explode like Girl 2.  I would approach the person and speak really close to his/her face and very calmly say,  "Prove to me that there’s nothing wrong with yours!  After you’ve done that, then tell me this again.  But, right now, let me ask you this.  Who are you to say there is something wrong with my faith?!"     We, people, are all very good at judging and questioning other people, but honestly how often do we really judge and question our own selves?  I don’t think we do that a lot.  Hearing those girls made me resolve that it would be better to stop and check myself first before I go on to notice other people.  That way, I’ll be in a better state.  I’ll be at peace with myself and with others.   Assalaamu alaikum.  (Peace be with you.)