Good grief, I knew it was coming, but you still hold out hope. Still, it's not like moving from Georgia to North Carolina made a huge difference, since Georgia has introduced it's own constitutional amendment.  Still, I don't think I hear of most of these proposed amendments trying to bar all forms of recognition for same-sex unions. That's just particularly thick icing on this devil's food cake.  I'm afraid that this will pass, however. North Carolina seems even more conservative than most of the Deep South, given that it's home to Billy Graham and much of the regional evangelicism, including the long-defunct Heritage USA. And given that the turnaround time for this amendment process is so quick, there is no time to show the gentle God-fearing populace of North Carolina that gay marriage won't bring about the next Soddom and Gamorrah. I'm still confused as to why a conservative request for marriage is more threatening and evil than gay people who choose to whore around and abuse drugs?   According to Equality NC, a statewide organization that advocates equal rights  and justice for North Carolina's lesbian, gay, bisexual and  transgender community:  Sen. Jim Forrester (R-Gaston), the newly-chosen Senate Minority  Leader, has filed a bill that seeks to amend the North Carolina  Constitution to discriminate against the lesbian, gay, bisexual and  transgender community.  North Carolina already discriminates against same sex couples by  denying us the right to marry, but Sen. Forrester's bill would  elevate that discrimination to the Constitutional level,' said Ed  Farthing, Executive Director/Development.  'The bill also seeks to  deny recognition of same-sex domestic partnerships, civil unions, or  other similar relationships recognized in other states.'    In order to become part of the Constitution, the amendment would  need to pass the North Carolina House and Senate by a three-fifths  margin; the amendment would then be placed before the voters on the  November ballot, where a simple majority is required for passage.