Late night blogging at its best.  My night was not so eventful.  I went to eat with by brother at Cracker Barrel and then we saw the Rundown.  Actually I have to say it was very enjoyable.  I would recommend it.  I am counting the days until my return to Korea.  It is too bad I don't know how many days to count b/c I haven't heard from Scott yet.  But the stuff should be in the mail soon.  I guess I'll probably miss the trip to Seoul next weekend but I'm sure there will be others.  I can't believe how sober I've been for so long.  I am hoping that will come to an abrupt halt once I get back.  I checked into getting my international drivers license and I think I'll go do that Monday.  I was worried there would be a test or something like that but all you have to do is show up with two passport photos and you get you license the same day.  How cool is that?  While rummaging through my closet I came across an old pair of white jeans.  They are actually in really pretty good shape and I'm thinking about bringing them to Korea.  What do you guys think about white pants?  I don't know why I have them in the first place but if they would fly anywhere it would be Korea.  I'll put it as a definite maybe.  This is the last call for people who want something.  If you want something e-mail me or leave a comment or something.  I know it is hard to think of stuff on the spot so this should give a little time to think about it.   Here are the answers for the other day. 6) vituperate- to use harsh, condemnatory language; to abuse or censure severly or abusively 7) reticent- quiet; reserved; reluctant to express thoughts and feelings 8) torpid- lethargic; sluggish; dormant 9) solicitous- concerned and attentive; eager 10) recalcitrant- obstinately defiant of authority, difficult to manage And just in case you guys wanted some more. 11) impecunious 12) obviate 13) effusive 14) harangue 15) apostate Now I will patiently wait for everyone to update their blogs about the crazy events of Saturday night so I can read them and be green with envy.  Oh how I miss the nightlife and friends who have the money and the motivation to go out and have a good time.  Again I hope this will all come to can end soon.