Here I am, rock me like a hurricane.  Actually tonight is a very tame night for me.  I think I deserve one.  The holiday  season has worn me the hell out.  Tonight I made curry rice and did laundry.  I'll get to bed early and hopefully sleep well.  Tomorrow I'm going to head downtown and try to check out a travel agency or two and see about taking a trip out of here later this month.  I also need to buy some new hoop earrings.  I bought some on Saturday night but they are a bit big and make me look pretty gay.  No, I don't want that.   Saturday night was cool and finally picked up.  I've come to the conclusion there aren't many good places to hang out at alone in Daegu.  I did go to Bellagio but it was packed.  I then went to Mojo's which was super dead.  At some point I met Mieka at TC and then we hooked up with Gabe and went back to Bellagio.  From there we ended up at GR.  GR really didn't seem all that happening for some reason.  I think a lot of the regulars were missing.  Oh I shouldn't forget before GR we went to funkaholic.  Nothing doing there.  At some point we did New Blue, then BB.  Saturday was fun but the crowd just didn't seem to be out.  I got home way too late again. Sunday was cool.  I hung out downtown for a bit.  I was drain though.  I felt completely out of gas.  So  where does one go to refill the fuel tank of life?  None other than McDonald's.  Yeah I know I'm American but this really is the remedy after a hard night.  My old roommate would always eat it on Sundays after a long night and sure enough it did the trick.  I met the girl whose number I got on New Year's later that night.  We hit Seattle's and then ended up at Bellagio, seems I'm there a lot lately.  It seemed to go well.  I figured we'd hang out for a little bit, but 5 hours later I finally went home.  I'll see her again next weekend so we'll see what's up.  She is a graduate student and here English is damn good.  Who knows?  Certainly not me anymore.   Speaking of Bellagio there was talk of going there tonight for the 3:1 cocktails but I'm way too tired and I've spent too much money out lately.  I was going to call Brad tonight but it is too late now.  I feel bad b/c I was like "yeah man, really I'll call you."  Shit, I'll call him later.  Payday is Saturday so that is cool. Today one of my bosses tried to get me to do some extra work teaching this kid math.  I put my foot down and told him know.  I think he was surprised.  I'm pretty laid back and go with the flow of most things but I've had it with LIKE.  He wanted me to come downtown and teach this kid.  I live at least 40 minutes away and I'm not sacrificing my whole day so he can make some extra loot.  I think he might call me back and try to change my mind but to hell with it.  They are in a sticky position with teachers anyway so it isn't like they will fire me.   Sara leaves on Thursday so I think that will be go out night.  I think I'll be out of this Friday night which will break my perfect attendance of guys night out.  But we can always change the night or something.  I think we should get together earlier on Saturday like around 7:30 and party it up then.  After that we can go find everyone else.   Also now that I think of it, I got another haircut today.  I have to say in the realm of Korean haircuts it isn't bad.  At this point I'm not really expecting to find a haircut I like, I'd just like to have one that I don't dislike.   I like the easy life, because it's easy.