Friday afternoon, and once again I have no plans for the evening.  At the beginning of the week, I had high aspirations. Two new movies out this weekend that I really want to see ( The Village  and  Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle )... plans with my cohorts to go out and do charity work (support single moms/donate to young women's college funds) at a burlesque establishment... work on population control with brain cells...  The cohorts have bailed on me, one by one, which is getting to be an inevitable sort of occurrence. We go from all-charged-up and primal in our impending quest for titties and beer at mid-week, to unpassionate and all responsible-like just hours before departure on the weekend.  Well ,  never  we  as a whole, just enough  we  to cancel/postpone the outing and leave the one or two still-motivated in a disappointed funk. And then by some odd biorhythm, this week's disappointed parties always become the following week's wishy-washy contingent, and the vicious cycle continues to turn.  My options for tonight:   --Go through with the revised plan, which consists of fast food/movie with the guys.  PROS: Movie I want to see, dinner I don't have to cook, both of which are relatively cheap. It's with the guys, and we have fun. CONS: Lacks titties and beer. No heavy petting option with guys in theater (which, even if offered, would suck really bad). Compromising enables/encourages future wishy-washiness.   --Go through with original plan, sans the guys  PROS: Titties and beer. A good sense of self-worth through charity work. CONS: Loser-factor of by-myself at hooter bar is off the charts. Will spend inordinate amounts of money I shouldn't be spending in the first place (even though it  is  for a good cause). Most of the fun is in the (absent) company.   --Go to a regular weekend hangout, sans the guys   PROS: Beer. Always see people I know that I can attach myself to. Female interaction is possible. Worked in the past. Would not have to babysit sloppy-drunk cohorts. CONS: People I can attach myself to are not guaranteed. Loser-factor of by-myself at a regular bar is still fairly high. Female interaction, while possible, is not probable. Driving home without judicial-branch-connected cohort may prove disastrous (even though my intoxication would be below the legal limit, it still makes me antsy). Most of the fun is in the (absent) sloppy-drunk company.  -- Go nowhere; sit on ass at home  PROS: Do this every other damn night of the week, what's one more? Laundry to do. School-year preparation to begin. Won't spend any money. Won't do things I shouldn't (titties and beer). CONS: See PROS.  Conclusion: I need a girlfriend.