This morning I awoke thinking the dream I had was real. I was so freaked out.   You see, most of my dreams are anxiety dreams where I must do something for which I'm completely unprepared, but this dream was different, I have no idea where it came from, but I find it amusing and so I'll share it here.  When I was in high school I had this friend named Brandon and he was really nice and we got along well in a plutonic yet semi-flirtatious kind of way and so one January I mustered up the guts to invite him to the winter dance because he seemed non-threatening and fun. He turned me down because he said he didn't dance so I ended up going with my older brother's friend who'd only go with me if I paid for the whole ticket and bought dinner. Then when we got there Brandon was there with another girl. That's high school drama at its finest.  After high school I went away to college and Brandon and I became friends again and he'd ask me out whenever I was home. He was nice and we got along well and he reminded me very much of my dad. Later on, I met the man who's now my husband and I never talked to my friend Brandon again.  Four years later I'm in Mission Viejo visiting my parents and last night I had the strangest dream!  I dreamt that I ran into Brandon again after so many years and not only did I have to tell him what I was up to, but I had to confess that he was the father of my little boy. In the dream it was a very emotional scene.   How did that happen? How did he just pop into my head again and become the father of my child? Weird. I guess it must be the nostalgia of home that stirs up in all of us thoughts of past happiness and saddness and mixes it all into one intoxicating cocktail that makes us feel good and at the same time makes us want to vomit. Looking back on my high school and college years, I did stupid stuff and coming back home does make me a little anxious as I am reminded of who I was before now. Coming home is wonderful, but it can really only be really wonderful if I can prove to everyone that I'm smarter and wiser than I was when I lived here. Sadly, I usually only get the chance to be home, run into someone I used to know and then never show them how I've changed for the better.   The lesson I learned from all of this is that I made a mistake in never talking to my friend Brandon ever again and it wouldn't be so bad to run into him again and at least thank him for the times we hung out together. It would be one small way to repair what I consider to be my mistake.  He's not the father of my child, but we did go bowling once.