I had to get up to take my dear, sweet husband to the bus at 6:45 this morning.  The plan was to go back to bed afterwards since I'm in the middle of a two-week break, but I can't get back to sleep which is unusual for me.  So I'm wasiting time and doing a getting to know you type post.  Since I don't really want a big, long profile, I'll answer some of the profile questions here instead.  Hey, I got nothing better to do.  Interests (in no particular order): reading, writing, scrapbooking, wasting time on the computer (obviously), listening to music, watching movies  About me: I was born during a blizzard in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  I'm the third of four kids, the only girl.  When I was but a babe, my family relocated to Birmingham, Alabama.  I spent the next fifteen years or so plotting my escape from the clutches of the deep south, but now that I've actually accomplished that, I'm strangely sentimental about all things southern.  I currently live in Buffalo, NY with my husband of four and a half years, Mark.  Mark grew up here, and almost all of his family is here (six siblings, five siblings-in-law, fifteen nieces and nephews, one parent, and way too many aunts, uncles, and cousins to count).  It was a bit of a change, but I really like it here.  Buffalo is a nice mid-sized city.  The section that we live in has all the comforts of small-town living but is still close to big city things like museums, theater, and most importantly, pro sports teams, all things that Birmingham was sadly lacking in.  I would say I'm pretty close to my family.  I have three brothers (John, Chris, and Lee in descending order), and although I might complain about them sometimes, we never had the adversarial relationships that some kids have with their siblings.  John and Chris are eleven and ten years older than me, respectively, and Lee is about two and a half years younger than me.  Now that we're spread out geographically, we stay in touch mostly via email and I also pound on Lee in our fantasy baseball league, and I would consider them all friends which is pretty special.  My dad died of a massive heart attack when I was four so my mom had to pick up a lot of extra slack and did so amazingly.  Looking back now I truly have no idea how she did everything she had to do, on the salary she did it, with the time contstraints she had, after the emotional loss she went through.  I always thought I had a good appreciation for all she's done, but the older I get, the more amazed I am.  I've been married for not quite five years, and I can't imagine life without Mark.  How you pick up and move on after suddenly losing your husband of sixteen or so years is beyond me.  I know there must've been times when she had doubts and when her faith wavered, but she never let us see them, and it's because of her that I have the faith in God that I do.  She's great.  Favorite movies (again, no particular order):   Field of Dreams  and  The Rookie  - These are my favorite sports movies.  I've always loved baseball the best of all professional sports, and I'm one of those sappy "baseball is America and family" people.  Also, I love Dennis Quaid.   Bringing Up Baby  and  Arsenic and Old Lace  - Cary Grant's best movies.  I'm also one of those "movies were so much better back then" people.   Singin' in the Rain  - A classic.  I could watch this movie over and over.  I  have  watched this movie over and over.   The Great Escapep  - This is another great movie that really holds up to repeat viewings.  It's just a great story, full of interesting characters.  Also, I love Steve McQueen.   Witness  - Once upon a time, I loved and adored Harrison Ford.  What has happened to you, dear, sweet Harrison?  Do you realize how long it's been since you made a good movie?  I love the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies, but this is easily my favorite of his - action, romance, comedy, it's got it all.  The scene where they dance in the barn is one of the most romantic of all time.   The Shawshank Redemption  - This movie is on TV ALL THE TIME, and I still sit and watch to the end every time I come across it.  It's got a lot of great moments.  In fact, when we first got our TiVo, I tested the pausing and rewinding of live TV by watching the last five minutes or so of this movie over and over and over.   The Muppet Movie  and  Beauty and the Beast  would be my favorite kids movies.  Oh, and  Mary Poppins .  That's ten, and although a couple of those might change depending on my mood, most of them are pretty good steady, choices.  If you asked me to give you my top ten tomorrow, I think you'd get a pretty similar list.  Favorite Music: Another tough category.  I like a lot of random styles and songs, but I'll try and break this down a little.  People Whose CD's I Always Buy Without Sampling: Steven Curtis Chapman, U2, Randy Stonehill, and when he was still alive, Rich Mullins.  Short list, but I don't have a huge disposable income, okay? Other people I really, really like or have been listening to a lot lately : Third Day, Vince Gill, Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, The Beach Boys, Lyle Lovett, Jars of Clay, and Paul Simon.  Favorite songs would really be a better category for me in the music department, but that's one I'd have to think about pretty hard.  Maybe another day.  Favorite books:  Ugh.  The hardest category yet.  I love books and will read just about anything.  I can't pick favorites without really, really thinking about it so I'll just list some of the ones I read recently and liked:   Wizard and Glass  and  Wolves of the Calla  (which I'm currently reading) by Stephen King,  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time  by Mark Haddon,  The Time Traveler's Wife  by Audrey Niffenegger,  Screening Party  by Dennis Hensley,  Last Days of Summer  by Steve Kluger,  Down and Dirty Pictures: Miramax, Sundance, and the Rise of Independent Film  by Peter Biskind, and absolutely ANYTHING by Dennis Lehane.  Seriously, if it's possible to read too much, I do.  Okay, that's all for now.  I think I've bored myself back to sleep!  Now playing: "Wild Horses (acoustic)" by U2 Now reading:  Wolves of the Calla  by Stephen King