urlLink Using Culturally and Linguistically Appropriate Assessments To Ensure that American Indian and Alaska Native Students Receive the Special Education Programs and Services They Need. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by Tippeconnic, John W., III and Faircloth, Susan C.  It looks methods for assessing Indian students.  From the ERIC Digest:  Use culturally and linguistically appropriate assessments. As discussed, evaluators should develop and use culturally and linguistically appropriate assessments to ensure that AI/AN students receive appropriate educational services (Banks, 1997; Johnson, 1991). Using multiple assessments rather than relying on a single instrument, such as a standardized test, can help to achieve this. Further, when using standardized tests, noting the potential for bias is especially important if the test has not been normed on the population with which it is to be used (Chamberlain & Madeiros-Landurand, 1991; Ishii-Jordan, 1997).    Use authentic or performance-based assessments. Educators should explore the use of authentic and performance-based assessments, such as the Learning Record (1), to complement standardized testing. The Learning Record, currently used in a number of BIA-funded schools, has been characterized as "a performance-based assessment system that provides teachers with a structured method of tracking students' academic development and planning instruction to meet students' needs" (Fox, 1999, p. 167). Authentic or performance-based assessments provide students with opportunities to demonstrate knowledge of a particular task or set of tasks and ability to perform the task(s) in a real-life setting (2).    Involve parents and families in the assessment process. According to Bordeaux (as cited in Fox, 1999), "the effort to improve cultural relevance of curriculum and assessment must be guided by all stakeholders, including parents and other tribal community members" (p.174).    Be aware of and responsive to students cultural and linguistic differences. When assessing AI/AN students, remember that there are more than 500 tribes across the nation, each with its own distinct language and culture.