My former student/doctor friend Brenda sent me a CNN article on a guy who is over 1000 pounds who has recently been hospitalized, and is finally losing weight.  Whenever I see something about a person who is THAT obese, I want to smack their enablers.  Someone who can't even turn over by themselves certainly can't cook or shop.  If they lived alone, it would be a self-solving problem: can't obtain food, burn up the stored fat, walk to the grocery store.  Have you ever seen the Johnny Depp movie "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?"  The mother in that is grossly obese, and she has to be taken care of by her kids.  But kids feeding an overweight mom is understandable: she is the adult and should know what to do.  When someone has a wife or husband or parent feeding and caring for them, there is a psychological control issue buried somewhere.  If that half-ton man loses weight and survives, I'm willing to bet that his wife will feed him back up again.  "Oh honey, you look wonderful after your diet!  Here, have another cheesecake to celebrate."  Something in her psyche likes caring for her helpless mate, and she's probably going to sabotage him if he is too independent.  Part of the reason I joined the weight loss study was to thwart MY enabler.  Scott loves to cook and make treats for me, and fusses when I skip meals.  I have to take the initiative and say "Just one little slice of that marvelous tiramisu."  Even when the tiramisu turned out to be 4" high and about 15" in diameter, and it took the two of us a week to eat it all.  He also knows what foods I like best, and buys them.  Now I've got him buying me things that can be made in small servings, or calculated in calories/cup.  As long as I don't skip meals, I can get him to go along with it.  The hardest part for me is eating small portions.  It is a lot easier to just not eat than to eat a small amount.  That sounds like food addiction, doesn't it?  Some practical hints for anybody who wants to lose weight:  (1)   Write down everything you eat.  Even if you aren't counting calories, you might look at the list and say "I already ate two of those?  I guess I can skip the third."  Include all drinks, since most of them contain calories.  This also lets you see if you are drinking enough water.  Write down the times that you eat as well.  Again, you look at your log and say "I had lunch at noon and its only 1:30.  I can wait a while before I have that granola bar."  (2)   Measure all portions carefully.  Buy cups, glasses, bowls, etc. that have cup gradations on them, or measure your dishes.  Get silverware (or plasticware) with spoons that are really 1 teaspoon or tablespoon.  Don't ever eat anything directly out of the package!  That is the kiss of death.  For example, low-fat peanut butter is healthy if you eat a couple of teaspoons.  If you eat it straight from the jar, you can easily consume too much.  (A small jar of peanut butter is about 2700 calories, enough to power two average human bodies for 24 hours.)  Make yourself eat in increments.  If you eat a cup of cereal and are still desperately hungry, have another... but realize how much you are eating, and ask yourself if you really need it.  (3)   Keep track of your calories.  This is so easy to do these days.  Every food package has the nutritional data listed somewhere.  No exceptions:  I've found English nutrition labels glued onto packages where everything else is in Korean or Arabic.  There are dozens of books and websites that have comprehensive calorie lists, including those for specific fast foods.  Start by eating your normal foods, and see where all those calories are coming from.  (4)  Adjust your eating habits to reduce calories.  Stop putting butter on popcorn at the movies.  Drink water instead of cola.  Use skim milk instead of whole (which is only 4% anyway).  Don't supersize.  Drink plain coffee instead of Frappucino.  Make small adjustments to begin with, and see how it affects your total daily calories.  (5)   Set a calorie limit and stick to it.  Start slowly.  If you are currently consuming 4000 calories per day, try limiting yourself to 3000.  Once you get used to that, try 2000.  Then 1500.  If you think you can stick to it, go to 1000 for awhile.  In the long run, an average person is moderately active can survive nicely on 2000-2500 calories per day.    (6)   Increase your physical activity.  Start gradually.  Get a cheap pedometer (free at some fast food restaurnants) and wear it all the time.  Keep a log of the number of steps you take per day.  Try to increase your totals by parking farther from your destination, using the stairs instead of the elevator, going an extra lap around the store or mall while shopping, taking a stroll after dinner, etc.  Every little bit will burn more calories.  The accepted amount of daily activity for long-term good health is 10,000 steps per day.  Once you can do that, you are ready to move up to running or biking or working out at the gym.  Don't expect too much of yourself.  If you've always been sedentary, it will take a long time to build up to hard workouts.  (7)   Find some new hobbies.  Look for something fun that involves physical activity and doesn't focus on food.  This is very personal, since one person's chore is another person's joy.  Join a club.  Take lessons.  Volunteer.  You don't have to like everything, but you should TRY a variety to see what you DO like.  You may hate going to the gym, but love running on backroads.  Skiing is out, but you like snowboarding.  Try activities that give you a workout and a sense of accomplishment.  Mow the lawn with an old-fashioned pushmower (no engine).  Help build a house for a low-income family.  Clear brush on your favorite hiking trail.  Take your elderly neighbor's dog on long walks.  My current progress (at about 1 week): daily calories between 1700 and 1900, daily steps between 8000 and 14000, down 2 pounds.