Lovely line and one of my favorites!!! By Bowie, just in case... I´ve been thinking how much time we waste in recollecting what it could be good or bad. It´s definitely something that we love doing and BAM: "I could have done an useful thing!". Should I follow my instincts or just stay cool and guess what it´ll come up next? The funny thing is that we wnat to be strong and it´s important to go on even when the situation seems to be awful.  Difficult question! I´ve always liked those people who come to you and know exactly what they want to do and how they´ll perform that task. My dad used to be like that and I´m afraid I didn´t take after him. I´ll miss his goodwill and I think I hadn´t become what he wanted me to be. But time is something hopeful, so I still have a chance. Well, today I´ve spent my day with my whole family. I was cheering for my team. That saying is when your team is doing badly and so is your life is unfortunatelly true.  Anyway, TROY waited for me and I went to see last Wednesday. I don´t know much about the story, but I could notice that the story really matters despite the Brad Pitt and cast. Although, Hector would definitely be the general of my army.     FREAKY TEEN SHOWS    On Saturday, my sister and I remembered the freaky and embarrassing moments of our teen lives. I remember having to prepare a dance for Physical Education. My friends and I had decided not to do the activity. But, in the last minute, one of my friends panicked and changed her mind. She went there and just danced whatever she could do. The picture was either amazing or ridiculous. Of course, that we laughed to death.  Then, there was another time when we were supposed to prepare a dance again. The problem was we were in 15 people. In short, about 12 people rounded up three girls in the middle. These three basically did all the dancing while the rest just watched. Could this be any more stupid? How come a few teachers used to assign such activity? Just God might asnwer this. As soon as I remember more episodes I´ll take them down.