Hola! I return from the south coast of England, sunburnt and sleepy. We (me and Dad) stayed in a hotel in Poole for a couple of nights, and we visited Southampton, Isle of Wight and, um, Poole. Southampton has the most gorgeous quay, with this big factory outlet shopping vilage Cheshire Oaks-esque thing, complete with Vans outlet. I wandered in a tortured myself for while: found some white trainers with a blue stripe. £30. Hubba hubba.  The Isle of Wight is the strangest place I have ever been to. Well, no, that's not strictly true; it has the strangest looking people on it that I have ever seen. There was an old man at the speedway that barked. Yes, he went up to some people sat in front of us (I assume he knew them) and just, well, barked. There was also an old man that had a huge boil on his nose and a whole variety of other, weird and not-so-wonderful characters. I was glad to get back on the boat, to be honest. The speedway was good, though; I never knew Premier League racing was so competitive, and the track was awesome for speed.  Poole is not so nice; the quay is half smart, new apartment blocks and yachts, and half covered in bird poo and inhabited by grubby pubs and tacky souvenir shops. A seagull pooed on Dad's head though, which amused me. We sailed over to Brownsea Island, which was reeeaally nice but not a place to wear heels (ouch). Lots of greenness, great National Trust tea shop (what NT tea shop isn't great?) and very nice views. There were no barking men (thankfully), but some suspicious peacocks that followed us around and glared at me with their evil eyes. Meep. On the boat back the sky was deceptively cloudy, as by the time I got off it I looked like someone had tattooed my face using beetroot juice as ink. The speedway, again, was ace (even though the view wasn't too great), and Dad and I spent an hour or so in the bar afterwards playing cards. He tried to teach me a game called Crib- I still refuse to believe this is a real game, and am convinced that he made up the rules as we went along so he would win. I whipped his ass at Rummy though, because it's a  real  game.  I'm waiting for mum to come home now. It's been a week since I've seen her and I miss her a lot, especially seeing as spending extended periods of time with Dad reminded me exactly why she's my favourite of the two. In my slightly drunken state on Sunday night, however, I texted her to tell her to order tickets for "Sing Along Moulin Rouge", which I may regret later, probably on Saturday night, when we end up going...  Ceff x   The boys are back in town, no strings to hold them down...