DETENTION  It's Saturday.  That's about it.  It's 1:04.  p.m.   I'm in the Whittier Public Library on Washington Ave., near Penn St.  There is a guy in front of me checking out ladies on an online dating service.  Good for him.  He is wearing glasses.  I'm not.  I think the website he is at is called "hot singles."  Shouldn't be looking at that in a public library, buddy.  Somebody that is bored will write about you in his blog.   I'm still teaching.  I taught 1st grade the other day.  This little girl, Jessica screamed at me and cried because I asked her to do her math homework.  I gave her a tootsie roll pop though and then she was happy and stopped crawling under desks and hitting other children.  So far in my subbing experiences, students have mistaken me for: Frodo (elijah wood), Clay Aiken (American Idol), Mario (video game character), and some guy from 'that 70's show.'    Don't ask me why.  I don't know.  They're kids.  Highlights so far:    One day I was supposed teach kids about 'longitude' and 'latitude.'  You know, the fake lines that surround the globe vertically and horizontally.  Well, the entire day, I taught the students the opposite of what I was supposed to be teaching them.  I still don't know which is which.  Anyways, at the end of the day, I realized my error.  The real teacher, who was in a meeting, came in and I told her: "Yeah, a lot of the kids had trouble with the latitude and longitude.  I was really trying to explain it to them, but they just couldn't get it.  You might want to go over it with them again."  That same class was studying the Crusades.  So I say:  "You know what the Crusades were don't you?  It's when a bunch of white people went and murdered Arabs and stole their land and said God told them to do it.  This worksheet you have is a bunch of crap.  I can't believe they are trying to teach you this.  This is ridiculous."  Any time I encounter a lesson in Columbus, I make sure that the students also know that Columbus' goal was to find gold, when he didn't, he murdered and enslaved the native people.  Most History books lie.  In one class, they didn't understand what it meant when it said:  "Living conditions on the Mayflower were unsanitary." I told them that it meant that "the Pilgrims crapped on each other."  They thought that was great and wrote it down on their worksheets.  I would love to see their teacher's face when she reads that.  Oh and detentions aren't called detentions anymore.  You don't give detentions, you give an Accelerated Learning Center (ALC) Referral.  What is that?  I call 'em detentions.  I say; "Anyone want a detention?"   They say; "They're not called detentions.  They're called Acc--" I say: "I'm the teacher and I call 'em detentions.  You want one?" I have no fear of giving detentions.  I play the detention game. "next person that talks, next noise I hear---detention." Then I watch until someone talks.  Usually they're quiet.  but the other day, it was the class president that was the first to talk.  too bad....detention.