I think this is something at least majority of you can enjoy; however, I must warn you that not everything here I wrote! I'll put a dash in front of everything that I wrote ;-)  -When the Charlotte Bobcats open their $265 million arena next year, Barry Silberman expects there will be skepticism about the invisible innovation that will be floating all around the fans.  -He's talking about Wi-Fi, which stands for wireless fidelity and allows users to wirelessly access the Internet via laptops and PDAs. Hotels, airports and coffee shops have become commonplaces for these WiFi Hotspots.   -He's suggesting it's going to be common in sports too: In about five years, he says, any arena or stadium that hasn't gone Wi-Fi will be the "exception."  While venues testing Wi-Fi have already ranged from  Purdue's football stadium , the Sacramento River Cats' minor league baseball park and the NFL Pittsburgh Steelers' stadium, the San Francisco Giants' stadium might be the most Wi-Fi-enabled sports site.   Says Giants chief information officer Bill Schlough: "It's like walking into Starbucks. Except our Wi-Fi is free."  - The idea is that fans can go online and access content such as historical videos, trivia games and real-time statistics that's on the Internet or through customized material available only in the stadium. Eventually, the club hopes to let fans order concessions by Wi-Fi. Just to note...McDonalds is supposed to do this the year we graduate ;-)  Although only about 200 fans a games now use the Giants' Wi-Fi, Schlough admits there is backlash: "There's a lot of purist fans who scoff at anybody bringing laptops to games. I've been heckled when I go in the stands. But then they'll end up wanting to look over your shoulder."  But even Schlough isn't always pleased: "The real problem is business people coming and doing their office e-mails at the game."  Rich Mayberry, a co-founder of Orlando-based Kosmos Studios, worked with the Giants and the Steelers. In 2003 the Steelers equipped luxury suites and club seats with Wi-Fi, allowing fans to wirelessly call up four different TV camera angles. But the big Wi-Fi use, he says, came from kids playing online games: "And when the parents wanted to see things, the kids wouldn't let them on."  -Silberman notes the Wi-Fi arena also could help first responders communicate in an emergency and even improve cell phone reception throughout the venue. He suggests a Wi-Fi "killer app" (as in the winning option) will be a fan's access to TV replays that might not even be available on TV, although he wants to avoid any unnecessary "intrusions" on fans.  -Now...what's funny about this is that our own High School now has WiFi in the CAVE that is accessible to anyone who comes to the basketball games or anything held in there now.  So...does that make us "special" and "sport history-making" too?   Just thought some of you might enjoy this!  Now...I'm not going to overdo it, but I figured I could add some of my character to this blog by bringing in "technology news" from around the world maybe once a week.  If you get bored with it...tell me.  Not all of them will be this long of course...this just seemed special because of the amount of interest it would bring in from everyone on the site!