Its been an emotional weekend.  I've finished teacher training and said goobye to a lot of my new friends from that.  I had a lot of fun with them all over the year so now I am a little sad.  If any of those guys ever read this then thanks for the year,  I appreciate you.     Thursday night was our end of year ball which was excellant.  I danced like a loon for a long time and so did H.  I like balls, I used to be quite a snob about cheese at discos etc but had too much fun to remain purist.  Maybe its age mellowing me.  I can never work out if people who comment about my dancing are laughing or not?  But I have fun.  Then on friday H and I drove down to Royston to see my family.  It was great to spend some time with them and catch up a bit.  We got spoilt and were given lots of good food and drink.  It was very refreshing to talk with them about my life and their life.  We had lots to catch up on.  On Saturday we went to see Nicklas Nickleby.  It was a charming Film which was gently playful and very upliftng.  My brother was in the play at school but it wasn't anything like the film.  I think both must have selectedly edited it very differently.   A story.    Over easter my Uncle died, he was close to the family and it was  a shock but I couldn't get to the funeral and was at the end of teaching practice so pushed it out of my mind.  Well my dad gave me the address he had spoken at the funeral and in it was a message my uncle had written to be read out.  It  really hit me and I cried.  I don't cry very often at all and I'm glad that I did but everyone had done their mourning already, so it was a private moment and my turn to say goodbye.  Fell asleep in front of Glastonbury as usual.  Maybe I'll go next year.  Two excellant websites:  urlLink www.flipflopflyin.com  and  urlLink www.orisinal.com .  The first is a very personal site by a designer guy of pictures and animations.  Its very whimsical in parts and most is just cool silliness but their are bits that can be very emotive and bittersweet.  I cna spend hours looking round it.  The second is a site of Flash animation games.  They are very well designed and have an anime feel to them but are simple and very infectious.  both worth time spent.  Was listening to the Alex Absalom's sermon from sunday at the teaching service.  He used the word nuance in his talk (which was very good and was about prophecy and the prophetic.)  It struck me as a very good word to go into a sermon and one which we should use more.  It seems that we don't often linger for longer enought to notice nuance any more.  We are just grabbed by the bold bright colours or the slogan so I was gla d that people in the church still reflect on it.