One month till baja.  There's about 5 people going now.  good times.  I'm doing my laundry today.  big time.  I'm on my last pair of underwear and have been regulated to wearing sandals on account of lack of clean socks.  I wish someone would invent self-cleaning laundry sometime soon.  Played 'boggle' last night.  I hate it.  I think it's the worst game ever.  I was so far in last place it wasn't even funny.  I just couldn't find the words.  It gave me a headache.  I think it might have something to do with the fact that I'm red/green color-blind.  or maybe not.  at any rate, I think that any game that uses an hourglass is stupid.  what is this- ancient greece?  use a frickin' clock!  Thursday night bowling might become a weekly event.  I really sucked last week, but it's a lot of fun, a dollar a game.  can't beat that, man.  I'm experimenting with a wicked curve ball.  I'll let you know how it turns out.  In our latest script, we're writing from the perspective of a 6-year old girl for a bit of the film.  I've got to say that I love how this script is turning out, but anyway, It'll be interesting because I've never really written from a female perspective and in this script we've got about 4 main female characters.  I think Lucy (the 6-year old) won't be too difficult to write because I'm around kids everyday, but the older characters might be a bit tricky.  I think it's easier for females to write about males than it is for males to write about females.  why?  we still live in a male-dominated society.  It's of a lesser degree today than in the past, but females have to assimilate to a male mindset in everyday life.  I don't ever really have to see things through a female viewpoint.  But almost everything is male dominated: government, sports, entertainment, higher education, religious leadership...and on and on and on.  Thus the male centered mindset.  anyway, forget about.  i've just been thinking about that a lot.  man, I'm hungry.  mac and cheese?  yeah, that and top ramen is about it.  i've got $2.87 to my name.  Come on, payday!