Well, first i will start off by saying what was in the disgusting sandwich, since i forgot to. There was peanut butter, ravioli, spaghetti sauce, marshmallows, soda crackers, syrup, caramel, and something else (i think it was either mustard or butter). for the next two days, i would randomly smeel peanut butter and just about throw up!   we had quite the busy weekend, and it all started on Friday evening: we (Sarah, Chris, Matt aka Sexy Susan) decided to go to a mall so the guys could get haircuts and i could develop my pictures. when we got to the bus station (to switch buses) Chris decided to call his mom and ask her what he should do about his rash (he went to a water park on sunday and the next day he woke up with a rash on his back, which we dicided was shaped like a "squished donut").  his mom told him he should get it checked out, so we decided to see if there was a health clinic-type thing at the mall we were headed for. it just so happened that there was a hospital across the street, so taht worked out nicely. for the next three hours, we sat around the ER and waited for them to check him out (you know, they look at you 30 mins after you get there, but then the DOCTOR has to look at you)... all the while, we were thinking of our chances at eating supper at St. Hubert's (we wanted chicken).  so, we left the hospital and had to go get Chris's perscription, and we remembered that right across from the bus station, there is a pharmacy, so we went there. we then decided that we had enough time to get our chicken, since friday curfew is 12, so we took the bus BACK to St. Hubert (ACROSS FROM THE MALL) and we got them to rush it. so, the food got to us in like 10 minutes, we wolfed it down, and made it back with 5 minutes to spare for the last bus to teh campus. YAY US!   Saturday morning, going to La Ronde. i was supposed to make sure Matt and Chris got up, since they didnt bring alarm clocks *ya thats right, they didnt bring alarm clocks!*. so i was set to wake up at 6:50 because we were leaving at 8, so i woke up (without my alarm, although i thought it HAD gone off and i had gotten out of bed, turned it off, and returned to bed.) so 20 minutes passed, and i was like "OH MY GOD! I HAVE TO GO WAKE THEM UP!!!!" so i JUMPED out of bed and ran to my alarm clock (which i cant see during daylight for some reason... the light makes it unreadable) and it was 6:25. i had missed nothing, and i went back to sleep for the precious 25 extra minutes. so, 8AM, it turned out that i had woek up Matt because he was meeting a friend of his in Vieux Quebec and NOT going to La Ronde, and Chris (and Sarah) had to be awake to see if they could go. they had missed the sign up, because there were only spots for 140 people out of 265 (for the most popular trip... STUPID ORGANISERS!) so they got to go if someone didnt show up on time. everyone showed up, and we left without them :(                 the 3 hour trip on a yellow school bus to Montreal SUCKED and my butt was sore the entire was (starting just 20 mins into the trip.) FINALLY we got to La Ronde, and we had tons of fun! ok, not TONS but lots.... Feona was sick, Katrina actually threw up (on a tree lol) and i had a headache. the sun was hot too, but that didnt stop us from having a good time! we went on The Monster (this HUGE wooden rollercoaster with two different runs... we only had time for one. i heard someone say its the biggest wooden rollercoaster in North America, but im not positive.) there were always two animateurs at a set spot in case we needed them, and at one point it was very funny, because Marie-Josée was there and so was Laurence, but she was asleep LOL. she got woke up *i think thats bad grammer* by rain though... we were in line for a kids roller coaster, and i noticed some dark clouds far away, and then we noticed some lightning, and within 20 minutes it was pouring on us. since we were already in line (and under these tenty things that were keeping us semi dry, and though they were mesh so they werent REALY keeping us dry) we stayed in line... all the rides were stopped and people kept leaving the line, so we were moving forward so it was ok. finally the rain stopped, the ride started again, and since we knew it would be our last ride of they day, i made the most of it. even though it was a kid roller coaster, i scream at the top of my lungs on every little hill. it was awesome. Pink Haired Pamela said she heard me from where she was standing in line for another ride!!! so, it was time to leave, and we all got on the bus. but wait, someone lost their schoolbag! *cue 45 extra minutes of waiting ON THE HOT BUS while an animateur went looking for the person who was looking for the schoolbag!*.... the ride home was again long, but there was a silver lining. the bus stopped for gas, and across the street was Tim Hortons. the first Tim Hortons that 140 kids had seen in 2+ weeks. we cleared the place out. i brought back donuts for Chris, Matt, and Sarah but Matt didnt want one and Sarah was already gone to bed. since they had been in my schoolbag they got kind of squished.... a squished donut for Chris... just like his rash HAHAHA   that night, i got 10 hours of sleep. it was amazing.   sunday started at about  10:50 for me... i had my first real shower (the kind with WATER PRESSURE... not like those other ones where you get a little bit misty) in a week. we rode the bus for an hour to Basilica St-Anne-Something. woo. hoo. all those big churches are the same... and once youve already seen Notre Dame in Montreal TWICE, theres no big hype lol. then we drove back half an hour to Montmorency Falls which SUCKED since ive been to NIAGARA FALLS many times, and although these ones are 30 meters higher and you get to walk over them by bridge, they were the least spectacular thing i could have imagined. we got off the bus at the top of the falls, and we had to walk across teh bridge and take stairs all the way down to the bottom to get back on the bus. well, only about 20 people didnt hear that, so we only waited 30 minutes for the animateurs to go up, find them, and bring them down to the bus. man i hate people! lol         we got back and had supper, and then i did my laundry (it only took 1.5 hours because the GOOD machinces were AVAIABLE WHEN I GOT THERE!!!). Chris and Matt got their haircuts during the day because Chris and Sarah had been to the Falls before and knew that they sucked, and Matt didnt want to go.... Chris, thank you for cutting off the Almost-Mullet!   today we had class in the morning AND the afternoon (its the only time there is afternoon class, and it is the first time ever. no one knows why.) it was alright, but i was falling asleep cuz it was really boring. we got our oral presentation marks from last friday.... we got 7/10.... thats ok i guess, btu it was because Anastasia barely participated (not nearly as much as Simone and I)... the equal participation thing was one of our comments, along with the fact that it was funny, and WELL PREPARED. if only the teacher knew that we thought of what we would do FIVE MINUTES before we did it! HAHAHA...... this week it is groups of 2, and i am with Amanda M (who i thought was Amanda W LOL). im glad to be working with her, cuz shes nice and i know she'll actually want to get work done LOL.   tonight is the Guerre Des Clans, which translates to War of Clans. it is ACTUALLY Family Feud (you know, the awesome gameshow.... Richard Dawson *i believe* although now its Richard Karn.) that should be interesting. anyway, im going to eat supper now. the food better be GOOD... for the last 6 meals, ive gone for the more expensive/less healthy meal because i have been afraid of the mass produced meal. au revoir!