urlLink Open Questions in Science Education. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Anderson, Ronald D. and Helms, Jenifer V.   From the ERIC Digest:  The "No Child Left Behind Act" signed into law on January 8, 2002 places strong emphasis on state accountability for educational results and use of teaching methods that have been shown to work [see http://nclb.gov/next/overview/]. For science educators, these expectations underscore the need to fully implement the National Science Education Standards (National Research Council (NRC), 1996) by attending to the multifaceted conditions in schools in a holistic and systemic manner. The challenge for the research community is to identify the most critical aspects of the needed research, conduct the research, and provide the educational community with the research-based information needed to move forward with science education reform. There are significant gaps in our knowledge of the science education reform process, and the existing body of research highlights specific areas where additional understanding is of central importance to successful reform.   WHAT WE KNOW A review of extant research (Anderson & Helms, 2001) provides the basis for the following generalizations about efforts to promote broad reform congruent with the vision of the "National Science Education Standards" (NRC, 1996):   * The dramatic changes called for in the Standards are very difficult to put into full practice and where attempted generally fall short of the mark.   * The difficulties of making the desired changes are highlighted by the many dilemmas teachers face in the process. Some of the dilemmas teachers experience (Anderson, 1995, 1996) relate to time constraints, tensions between the ideal and classroom realities, changing roles for students and teachers, overcoming traditional views of preparing students for the next level of schooling, and issues related to equity, such as tracking and ability grouping.   * Fundamental reform requires significant changes in teachers' values and beliefs about science education practices. Though the relationship between teachers' beliefs about the nature of science and their views of schools and pedagogy is unclear, teachers' views of students in terms of ability, gender, and ethnic identity do seem related to their pedagogical decision making (Bianchini, Cavazos, & Helms, 1999).   * Departments within schools are the most important setting for change, although most research addresses whole school change.   * Substantial teacher collaboration in the work context--not just in inservice education--can be a powerful changing influence on teachers' values and beliefs. A significant barrier to substantive change comes from a lack of attention to the ways in which teachers come to hold certain beliefs, values, and assumptions with respect to students' roles, pedagogy, and the science curriculum.   * Parents often resist reforms and they have a strong influence on science education reform efforts; without local parental support of the reform ideas and practices, their implementation fallsshort.   * The recommended reforms demand new student roles and different student work. It is the "bottom line" of science education reform, and it is the area in which almost all reforms fall short, even when teachers have made substantial changes in their own roles and practice.