I posted this message to a Health and Wellness Accountability group on Battle Plan Ministries and thought I would share it with you.    Hello Godly men!!    The last time I reported it was the 17th which was last Thursday. I got on the TM (torture machine) on Saturday the 19th and then this Wed which was the 23rd. I got on tonight for 22 minutes. I recently started a Friday night bowling league that will last 10 weeks so that will be my exercise for that night. I am trying to get on the TM every other day for atleast 20 to 25 minutes. So far I have stuck with that schedule but I must say that it is not easy.   I know that the goal for most of us is to loose pounds and inches and our satisfaction comes from watching the needle or digits on our bathroom scales go lower. I too get some satisfaction from this but I also get the satisfaction of knowing that I have set a goal to lose weight and to feel better. I have set the standard several notches higher than I have in the past and I feel good knowing that I am atleast trying and having a certain level of success. My pants are starting to fit looser around the gut and just the other day I had to chase down a customer who had already made it to the parking lot. I guess you could say that the "jog" from the service department where I work and the parking lot is about 250 FT. I surprised myself by actually breaking into a jog and making it to the parking lot before the lady left. What was surprising is that no one had to perform CPR or call 911 and I was not out of breath nor did I break into a sweat. I had to be proud of that because it shows me that there are small and large benefits to making an extra effort in this area of my life. No, I have not arrived and I do have a ways to go. The important thing is not that I have reached my long term goal which is to lose 100 lbs. but rather that I am meeting my short term goals every day which are to eat less, get enough sleep and exercise a minimum of 20 to 25 minutes aerobically every other day.   Lets bring this into perspective for those of you that are struggling with the exercise part.  I weigh approximately 335 lbs and am 6 foot tall. So, with that in mind please do not think that it is easy for me to climb on the torture machine and run along for 25 minutes. To the contrary folks. I have found that the first 8 to 10 minutes (on the lowest setting) is not that much of a challenge while I am working up to the 120 beats per minute goal for the workout. The last 10 to 15 minutes are what is tough when my leg muscles are begging for oxygen and for me to stop. When it gets to that part of the workout it would be SO EASY to quit. Instead of quitting I listen to up beat Christian contemporary music and I worry about getting through the current song that is playing. Most songs take between 2:30 and 4 min. to play. So halfway through my workout and to the very end when I start to slow down and cool off I literally have to take it one song at a time. I quote Phillipians 4:13 alot too. hahahahah I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength.   I am also increasing my intake of water and decreasing my intake of soda pop. I drink approximately 3 to 4 20 ounce bottles of water per day. Imagine the extra exercise I get during the day running to the potty. LOL...  I know that brother Bill and Dave have posted recently but what about the rest of you guys?  How can we encourage you to get off that couch or chair or bed and start burning some calories each day by working out??