Wow last night was crazy and I feel I have a lot to blog about.  Maybe it isn't really that much but anyway.  First I remembered what I wanted to say about Friday night.  The incidents I couldn't think of involved getting pierced and Gabe getting hit by a car.  First the piercing, as it did chronologically come first too.  I think it was my bright idea to go get several piercings for some odd reason.  At one point it was going to be me, Rob, Gabe and Caleb.  Others might have been involved, I'm not sure.  I was going to get both nipples, my navel and my eyebrow done.  Thank God the place was closed b/c I think I would have done it.  Now that I'm sober I'm not so sure about it all.  Needless to say I was well over the edge thanks to alcohol.  Next, we were standing outside of Gypsy Rock and this car rode by and tagged Gabe.  Gabe then hit the window, opened the door and started yelling at the driver.  In and effort to diffuse the situation I picked up Gabe from behind (remember I'm very drunk at this time) and tried to carry him away, seeing as how we really didn't want the situation to escalate.  Instead of this, when I stepped back I caught the curb and we wiped out.  At this time the car drove away.  So I guess it kind of worked. Last night was Korean Lois's birthday party.  We started at Bennigan's where over half the table ordered hamburgers (myself included).  But I have to say it was a really good hamburger.  I had only had cereal and some O-deng all day.  I literally woke up ate some cereal and went to work.  So we finally got our food and I fucking killed that burger.  Next was Itaewon.  I don't really like this place.  I think it's pretty lame.  There was never enough beer and you can't get up and walk about.  We had a lot of people out, too many to name.  I sat next to a Korean whose nick name is Obi-won, because he is training to be a Jedi Knight or something.  Actually his Korean name sounds a lot like Obi-won and thus he is now Obi-won.  His English is pretty darn awesome but he talks like no tomorrow.  I kinda wish either, he didn't speak English, or I didn't understand it.  But he is cool, I just felt a little trapped.  I debated drinking beer again but eventually gave in.  Fenton and I swapped our favorite moments in wrestling.  Also poker night was discussed.  Rob is itching to play and so am I.  The plan is for next Sunday, say maybe 10ish or so.  Actually I'm free any night so just let me know.  We finally left the place and went to Gypsy Rock.  What the hell happened to upstairs Gypsy Rock?  I think someone was smoking crack when the made plans for it.  Now it has a dance floor nowhere to sit and no draft beer?  What good is that?  Also I got crazy and wore my white pants which haven't seen the light of day in I don't even know how long.  Actually I don't think anyone noticed or cared.  Asma was the only person who said anything, and that was just acknowledging that I had them on.  Along with the pants was the shirt Caleb gave me.  Thank you again.  I think they went well together.  I need to drink more before Gypsy Rock (GR) and less in GR.  Beers for 5k a pop will whipe you out real quick.  I think I spent about  30-35K on bottled beer.  Ouch! I ended up giving my digits out to a girl I met last night.  See was cute but here English wasn't that good.  I didn't expect to hear from her really but as fate would have it she has already e-mailed me.  But she lives a long way a way and I think she has pretty much exhausted all her English.  So not much doing. At bubble bar, which came next, Fenton got all kinds of crazy and started the most violent dancing I think I've ever seen in Daegu.  It started in GR but peaked here I think.  At some point he lost his glasses and kept saying that he didn't care.  There was some girl who looked like a tranvestite (sp?) who kept pushing him and being a real jerk.  I think she might have had something to do with the glasses disappearing, but that is just speculation.   Oh cool that girl just sent me text message telling me she sent me an e-mail.  Koreans are so funny.   Back to Bubble Bar (BB, I hate typing the names over and over).  I saw 길선, who used to date John from Yale, who I also saw earlier.  She seemed well and happy to see me.  수나was also there but I see her more often.  They are really cool.  I finally called it a night after running out of cash and then putting drinks on the card.  I'm probably forgetting to write something else really interesting but if it comes to me later I'll me sure to blog.   Sunday peaceful Sunday.  I used to get all crazy and want to travel on Sundays, but now I'm cool with jus kicking it downtown and catching a flick or something.  I woke up fairly early and couldn't go back to bed for whatever reason.