ok this is the random story 2 For this you cant post anything two times in a row, you have to wait for someone else to continue. comment on how good/bad the story is, the titles are the story. ALWAYS have a cliff hanger ending! here is the first random story so you get the idea: 1.	One day in chemistry Briony was trying to correctly wire up a plug. It then fell apart for the tenth time. She gave up and was staring out the window when... 2.	suddenly, an unconscious pupil fell through the roof, who was then followed by a dwarf dressed as a nun (oh no, it was actually Mrs Goodchild) 3.	The unconscious person remained still. Briony realizing it was Emily Cried out a prolonged Noooooo!!! When Emily got up and said why are you doing that? Briony fell into a shocked Huh wad-ju-yer-du-in-mmeh and was silenced by the nun... 4.	then, Briony thought of something. She hadn't done her massive 500-page essay, so (in her physics lesson, remember) she decided to get on with it. What was the title? Oh yes, "How to say hello in 500m words" Hmmmm.....she thought. Well, hello, guten tag, bonjour, hola,......um.............hmmm......... 5.	Briony spent the rest of the lesson pondering this strange task of hers. Emily personally thought that the essay was just created by the teachers as revenge. Briony was bought back to reality by a flying blue car outside the window, which had come to save both her and Emily. 6.	who was it? she wondered? Uhhh! It was Harry Potter in his flying car (remember the chamber of secrets?)! Wow! MY hero! Sighed Emily. How I do love you so! Oh get on with it said Briony. She was missing Adam. Sigh........... 7.	Harry turned to Briony and said 'I know that Emily is drop dead gorgeous but I'm afraid I can not date her due to a curse created by Voldemort. You how ever can both come with me and I will take you to Hogwarts where Adam is a pupil. Briony looking both sceptical and worried climbed into  the car, Emily took the front passenger seat, Briony the Back. The car then took off into the skies ... 8.	All of a sudden a strange knocking was heard apparently coming from nowhere. Briony still worried turned to Harry and asked what on earth it was. Don't worry said the alien as it turned around it's just my pet human Becky! 9.	Suddenly, Harry grew two ex-TREMELY large tentacles and started to eat Briony! Luckily, Adam was around to save her, and killed Harry. Meanwhile, Emily was fast asleep and dreaming of sticking pins in Dave’s privates. She woke up to find herself with Becky, Briony and Adam, in the sky, resting on what looked like a cloud. Have I died and gone to heaven? Wondered Emily. Meanwhile (again) Briony, Adam and Becky were all wondering what to tell Emily. Could they tell her that Harry Potter, her long loved lover, had turned into an alien and they had to kill him? Worse still, there was the matter getting down from the cloud; they thought they had killed Harry, but he was well enough to drive off after leaving them on a cloud in the sky. Hmm.....this was going to be a long night.......... 10.	Adam walked around pondering what to do and then fell through the clouds in a puff of smoke with the words 'oops I hit a soft spot'. Emily caught his wand in a flash and cast the wingardium leviosa spell saving Adam. She thought to herself well that shows my brother that the Harry Potter books ARE educational. Adam stuttered thanks, Emily put up hand and cast a spell to take them all to Hogwarts- unfortunately she sneezed part way through and they actually ended up at the worst possible place. You guessed it there were at .... 11.	Voldemorts secret palace in the middle of mount Doom where he was secretly conspiring with Sauron to take over the world. Briony on seeing such evil collapsed elegantly into the arms of yes you’ve guessed it ADAM. Who on seeing her almost dying (well he thought so) declared his undying love for her, but fate was not looking fondly on the two young lovers as Sauron swooped down in a rather vampirish way to steal his love from Adams arms. With a cry of anguish Adam....... 12.	...........punched Sauron in the fangs and grabbed Briony. He pulled her (nicely) away from the evilness of Sauron and made sure everyone was alright (aww, isn't he nice!!!!) Anyway, back to the story....Adam quickly chanted a spell that took them all to a very magical romantic place. Everywhere they looked, there were very wonderful things that were so wonderful they couldn't be described. Adam decided to seize his opportunity and whisked Briony away from everyone so that they could be alone. Finally! But, just as they were about to go into the best snog ever in the world,.................................. HAVE FUN!!!