For no other reason except that I think  YOU  definitely are  THE   BEST  in the world, I love you with all my heart and soul (and hypothalamus!).   For mere letting me love  YOU , I feel that I am the  HAPPIEST  person alive.   For just being there,  YOU  make me absolutely the  LUCKIEST  girl the whole world has ever seen/known.   This is how much  YOU  mean to me.    LOVE AKEN SEKA, sobra!!! Mwah! :)    ***************   Here's the perfect song for  YOU ...     When I See You Smile      Sometimes, I wonder if I'd ever make it through,  Through this world without having you,  I just wouldn't have a clue  'Cause sometimes it seems  Like this world's closing in on me  And there's no way of breaking free  And then I see you reach for me   Sometimes I wanna give up,  Wanna give in, I wanna quit the fight  And then I see you, baby,  And everything's alright,  Everything's alright...   When I see you smile,  I can face the world,  Oh, you know, I can do anything  When I see you smile,  I see a ray of light  Oh, I see it shining right through the rain  When I see you smile,  Baby, when I see you smile at me.  Oh yeah...   Baby, there's nothing in this world that could ever do  What the touch of your hand can do,  It's like nothing that I ever knew  Hey, and when the rain is falling  I don't feel it 'cause you're here with me now  I wanna ask you, baby,  It's all I¹ll ever need, all I'll ever need   When I see you smile,  I can face the world,  Oh, you know, I can do anything  When I see you smile,  I see a ray of light  Oh, I see it shining right through the rain  When I see you smile,  Baby, when I see you smile at me.   Sometimes I wanna give up,  I wanna give in, I wanna quit the fight  Then one look at you, baby,  And everything's alright,  Hey, everything's alright  It's alright   When I see you smile,  I can face the world,  Oh, you know I can do anything  When I see you smile,  I see a ray of light  Oh, I see it shining right through the rain  Yeah...   When I see you smile,  Yeah, I can face the world,  Oh, you know I can do anything now  When I see you smile,  Oh yeah  Baby, when I see you smile,  Smile at me...      1989 Bad English (D. Warren)