It was Wednesday.   2:58 PM   And as I walk towards the study area looking for a familiar face I realize that I am a nervous wreck, I haven’t felt this much panic (the last time was when I had my MA thesis defense) if I were to switch into a descriptive words I have to go with the cliché ‘butterflies in my stomach’ not just butterflies but ‘a farm of butterflies’. I saw a student of mine and asked him where was the rest ? and he answered ‘wala pa’. There goes one of my dreaded phrases ‘wala pa’ (e.g di makakarating, tayo-tayo lang ulit, may gagawin, busy and other alibi’s that I cannot contradict nor rebutt because I have no way of checking if it is true and whether I like it or not it is their life therefore their rights)   3:02 PM   A batch of students came. Same old faces. Well, I have to be ready for this. I was really mad at Him because We have been asking Him for ‘a harvest’ because He said that if there are willing workers then there will be a harvest. I am holding on to His words, to His promise, to something that I know inside my heart He would give.   3:06 PM   Another batch came. This time not that familiar. A smile slowly crept into my lips. Hmmm…He has never forsaken anybody. This will be interesting. New faces waiting for the word. Coming in this secluded area of the university. A hunting thought came in. What if somebody found out? What if the admin found out? What if I get fired?   3:10 PM   Another batch came. This time it’s like half of my research class. I was afraid but at the same time really happy. I can’t believe this. We have been praying for this for so long. All we need is a chance to prove that what were going to say is not ‘typical’. What we are going to present is not an option.   3:15 PM   Three of my highly regarded students came with their friends (because they are ‘uncanny’). They were about 8. I could sense that this would be a very fruitful afternoon.   4:07 PM   What happened between 3:16 to 4:06 was a remarkable event for me. I have officially witnessed a miracle. 30 students came to our cell meeting. 30 student praised and worshipped God. 30 students gave their time to see what are God’s plan for them. 30 students believed that God is going to be in that meeting. 30 students prayed for a common goal. 30 students ‘wanted’ to hear the word of God. Three-Zero. I was thinking am I ready, are we ready to be God’s army? What if I get fired? Where will I go?  I was jolted back to reality when I realized that it was not about me losing my job, that it was NOT about US being ready to be God’s army. It is never about us. It is all about God. The question is not us being READY to share the word. God will do that. The Holy Spirit is on call.  I. I am just a figment. I cannot do it alone. But God has proven so many times how mighty he is. That his ways are always unconventional, unpredictable but equally effective and fitted for our purpose.