I used to keep a journal when I was younger.  Intimate stuff: pre and early teen angst. It makes for cringeworthy reading.  Little banal details, like when I used to go fishing with my friend Ian, and how when we walked back from the lake (1.7 miles), and how cross I was with him because despite letting him borrow my stuff, he, who lived at the bottom of a hill, would not help me carry the equipment to my house, at the top of the hill.  And he always seemed to catch the bigger fish.  Little things. Like how Bruce was always able to get a girlfriend, in a routine that oddly seemed to follow the pattern of girls I fancied: that is, I like Emma, a week later he is dating her; I like Laura, a week later, he's dumped Emma and is seeing her; I like both Melanie and Rachel, a week later he is surreptitiously snogging both of them, et etc. Oh how I tried to render in words the pain I felt.  Cringeworthy then. And utterly banal.  But these were all personal thoughts and intimate feelings, that because I was writing them in a diary, for my perusal only, I could explore and try to capture.  So, journals are private places.  This upsurge in the number of blogs is interesting then.  very interesting.  It seems that only very few of the blogs I have ever skimread are purely personal writings.  Most blogs seem to have three purposes:  1. They are written, in a present-centred memoir sort of way, not for the sake of the individual author but for the readership: people write accounts of what they have been doing and what they have been thinking for the sake of those with whom they might lack daily contact and want to keep informed of their wheres and wherefors.    I call this the NARRATIVE BLOG    2.  People take on altered personas when blogging: they represent themselves slightly differently to what they are.  As some sort of exercise in self-image improvement, they make out that their lives are infinitely more exciting than they are.    I call this the CRYFORATTENTION BLOG    3.  Some blogs, and the ones that are the finest to read, are mere streams of consciousness.  Flows of thoughts.  Ideas.  Genuine personal engagement with personal issues, written in a way that exists not only for an audience reading, but for the benefit of the individual blogger trying to think ideas and thoughts through.  I call this the THOUGHT RECORD BLOG    I guess all blogs have aspects of all three.  This short one does, certainly.  I wrote that I wanted my photographs published: I lost interest in photography when I was 14; it's just something I thought sounded more interesting than a prediliction for habit forming pub sports.  I guess I know when I'm writing this that certain people I know will read it.  And that people I don't know might do so too.  Which makes writing reflectively difficult when you are are always wondering about what people are going to think about what you say.  Or whether any of it will come back to haunt you.    Is blogging then twenty first century storytelling? Personal narratives written for the many with individualism carefully sculpted to the wants of the audience; but not always anonymously authored?  I wonder.  I think blogging is a peculiarly modern phenomena.  I still think there's more to say about why. But I think it's worth thinking about: personal subjectivity meets the politics of writing on one of the most public fora possible.  A case for further research.  Time to go now.