So I had a rare weekend....It was pleasant and strange.  Comfortable, yet unnerving.  I took Friday off because I woke up with the strange feeling that I would be getting a migrane.  (I know that it would have been true.)  I cleaned house, played games, and did laundry.  Ieventually made my way over to Monkeypants's house (where he had done laundry and *looked for a job* So proud of him :) ) and we watched Hidalgo   and then we went to take Amy to the aeropuerte.  (She still makes me crazy, btw.  I've decided its because she wants everything done her way and I want everything done my way.  Go figure that this situation irritates me.) Then we picked up Saigon and push started his truck (wicked.  totally.  how cool is that?) and went to his house to watch Firefly.  Meh.  Not so impressed with it, but we are only just now finished with the pilot, so who knows?  Friday was superwonderful.  Saturday I woke up (on time, I might add) and Monkeypants took me to work.  The day was good.  I read a lot.  Monkeypants picked me up (a touch late, so I worked a full day.)  We went to his house and played some game where I could shoot him and run him over with a snowmobile.  Then The H*Factor picked me up and we went out to the beer garden where I had *way* less to drink than normal and still had to be carried out of the bar.  After discussion with several people it was decided that I probably had something slipped into one of them.  I felt *horrible.*  Sunday was miserable.  I was slightly late to work.  I threw up a couple of times.  I was force fed.  (Truely.  Stupid fucking nurses think they know everything.)  I had some guy code *twice* during the shift.  He was DNR, yet we kept resuccitating him.  Go Team UMC!  (Saved the ungrateful fuckers life, btw.)  Had to pick up the Little Dictator right at 1500, so no nap.  Took Monkeypants home to sleep (because he hadn't since a brief nap on Saturday) and Little Dictator and I went to pick up Craig from the aeropuerte when he didn't need picking up and then we picked up Monkeypants (because he was awake) and took Craig *back.*  Then we went to Monkeypant's house where L.D. threw a bunch of fits before we went home and I finally got to go to sleep.  Mom came home.  She's eternally mad at me.  Boo mom.