Aah, 2004!!!  My first entry for the year...  I sure hope to have more entries, better and more substantial ones at that, this year.  I have always kept a journal, but I don't really write as much as I would want to or as often as people I know do.  But, I sure do love writing.  It's like an escape for me.  It's the time when I could just be myself and just pour everything out.  And, now that I have found out this blogging thing, I really hope to write more.    Today, I'd like to write about the past year.  A friend of mine told me 2003 was to be my year because I was born on the 23rd of March and I was to turn 23 on the said year.  Now I'm thinking whether it truly was my year or not.  Hmmm, what have I done and accomplished during the year?  Was it a good year for me?  First, I'm going to go back in time...  In the early part of the year, I was home.  Finally, after two years of being away, I finally went home.  For two great and happy months, I was with my family, old friends and some of my bestfriends.  I taught in the pre-university program of our university.  As always, the students were a handful and, at times, gave me migraine attacks so bad I thought I had cancer of the brain!  But, all in all, my stint in that program was really fun and interesting, very challenging and really fulfilling.  Those were really good times.  Then, I went back here again to continue in my quest for education, knowledge and, let's face it, a better life.  School was pretty much the same.  The courses I took were very interesting as they always are.  I had two unforgettable professors.  The first one is unforgettable for her being a really good and effective teacher.  Young as she is, I consider her one of the best teachers because she could make complex things simple and she respects her students.  The other one is unforgettable because of the fact that he is absolutely the opposite of the first one!  Although he was nice and all, he was not at all effective and competent as a teacher.  It was his first time to handle the course, so he was also in the process of learning it.  The problem was that he was too busy to be good.  He could have been good because he's really intelligent and all, but he was just not into the whole thing.    Well, basically, three quarters of my 2003 were spent in school.  Nothing really bad or tragic happened that concerned me or anybody I love.  But, was it my year?  I could say there have been better years for me, yes, but 2003 was definitely a good year.  And, personally, I wouldn't want to pick a significant year as MY year because every year in my life is MY year.  A lot of things happen every single year.  There will always be good times and, well, some bad times, too.  That's how life is.  But, in the end, it all really depends on every person.  I choose to live each year to the fullest.  After all these things said, I know and I feel that 2004 will be MY year in as much as 2003 was my year.  Good things will continue to happen, so will some bad things...  But, this year will be special because I choose to make it great and special!:)