I'm too tired for a really good update but I'll put a little effort forth.  I took today off from the crazy touring.  I went and saw another temple.  It was nice but at this point it really was just another temple.  I then went off to a mega mall shopping complex and watched movies, shopped and at for most of the day.  I saw Van Helsing and The Day After Tomorrow.  I figure I need to get as many movies in now while I can.  Niether was great but I enjoyed both.  The Day After Tomorrow was a bit better in my opinion.  It was really awesome and a bit strange to be at the shopping center.  On one hand it was ultra mondern clean and could have fit into any city in America.  On the other had it was in Bangkok and I was almost the only whitie around.  This is b/c it was a bit off of the touristy path.  I wasn't as comfortable as I would have been if was in Korea but it was great none the less.  I hate the fact that I only know a few words in Thai.  Thai isn't a very pretty language but I wish I could communicate more.  What was really interesting was just seeing the average Thai person doing their thing.  When you're out see stuff it's always people trying to sell you shit or take you somewhere or something like that.  And then at night it's women trying to get you to pay for sex.  A good change of scene for the day.   Last night wasn't as crazy as Saturday but it was fun none the less.  GJ and I went to a club named "Bed."  Yeah I know what you're thinking, that's a pretty lame name for a club.  But then think of it this way.  "Who are you going to bed with tonight?"  Unfortunatly my answer is "I went to bed with Gumi James."  But whatever.  This is the premier club in Bangkok where all the high rollers and celebs hang out.  It was pretty posh with a great selection of alcohol.  Gumi was looking for a white belt the whole trip and found a bartender there who had one.  The guy was obviously gay so Gumi put on the English charm and managed to buy it off of him.  Pretty bad ass.  We then went to a place called Nana and shot some pool and then went home.  Ok I'm tired and going to bed.  Check with GJ for full details.  Good night.