Back from one interview..      Yes Yes yes...I'm back from one of my doctoral program interviews!! I was sooo scared to go to it, as I had to take an airplane to the place all by myself, and then be interviewed by 6 faculty members. My interviews were last friday, and I have to admit that the interviews were better than I thought they would be. I had prepared for the interviews by reading up on the research that the professors do, and was able to talk intelligently with them...and they were happy to know that I knew something of what they did. I find out next monday if I got into the school or not....depending on how my interviews went...If in, those 6 faculty are 6 of the 30 faculty I have a chance of working with to fulfill my phd thesis :) I'm SOO Excited..words cannot describe how I feel..  I found out about the research that these professors do, and gosh...just how they explained to me what they did totally had my mouth watering..okay come on that sounds a bit sick..but gosh it had me too excited!!! I mean the research I am interested in is microbial pathogensis...either of bacteria or viruses..both areas are amazing! But I will have to choose either bacteria or a virus upon starting my research for a phd program..it's gonna be hard, as I love viruses and bacteria :( Must I have to limit myself??? I may end up limiting myself by looking into the research which incorporates in the most immunology, microbiolgy and biochemistry...the one which is strictly basic bacteriology or virology may not be the one I stick to. I would like to go into something cross-disciplinary..such as incorporating in, Cell biology with microbiology, or virology with engineering..something of the sort. That sorta stuff is WAY more FUN! I suppose all these already go hand in hand..but I would like to work with ongoing research with these types of incorporations...  Mmm..my next interview is in about 3 weeks..and then again, I'm STILL waiting for 2 other schools to get a hold of me...when will they EVER let me know ??? :(