Another thing, I've realized is that when I'm writing about my life, I have a tendency to be highly dramatic. I also need to stop randomly signing on and off AIM, just to see if he's signed on or not. I have a lot of issues to work with here. I feel as though he's the only person in the world I can confide in with all my stupid problems. Jolanda listens, sometimes, then it's back to her life. She's my best friend, but sometimes, she's self-centered. As am I. I believe I'm not as bad as her, but I am self-centered. Meh. Plus, how can you tell your friends you're angry at them, and not expect them to be mad at you also? This is why Efrain knows these little details about me.   So bad. I've got it really,  really  bad. I don't know exactly what makes me want him so, but it's definitely has to do with personality. Then again, I for one, have never been that superfical as to only like guys for their exterior. Perhaps, the fact that the guys I did like looked hot doesn't mean I only liked him for the way they looked. I also don't understand how people can like people they hardly know. Now, there's the thing, I feel like I can't say this exactly, because of Heather/Juan, but this is simply more directly towards Desirae. She's in "love" with some football player that knows she exists by a thread. I'm not sure if that's a great basis for a relationship, or anything, but that's insane. Caleb and I had even commented on her state of mind when she found out he was moving. She had seemed extremely suicidial, which had scared the both of us.   Guys I've liked have always been friends with me. Always. Or like, we're getting to know each other stage-type stuff. Ya know? I don't understand that crap. Yeah, I can understand you can think a guy is hot, but it's not like, you're going to develop a whole complex relationship with them. Complex as in meaning all my male friends relationships I have. Scariest part is other girls always seemingly get pissed at me when I say hi to their "friend". Right, please eff yourself right now. In a case such as Cassandra Bennett, who used to be close friend of mine in the eighth grade, has a thing for Christian. She can't deny it. Please, the moment he walks into English, she's all over him like white on rice. Oh how I love that expression. She gets all eff'ed off at me, because Christian and I have inside jokes, such as hi, and stuff. Whatever.   I've been thinking about this also. My sixth grade self would scream with.. frustation if she could see me right now. Can you imagine a timid, shy, quiet girl who hardly made a fuss about anything, turn into this cold-hearted, outspoken, heartbreaker? Hardly. In fact, I still don't get how this transformation worked. I think it had a lot to do with Joel, and the whole Marissa mess. I believe Marissa has still not completely forgiven me for that incident. If I were her, I wouldn't forgive myself either. What a waste of a friendship. What I'm so scared of is that Marissa will find out how her "evil" childhood friend has a  HUGE  thing for one of now, current-day friends. And she's also going to think that I'm going to sweep in, and steal him away from her. Which I am not going to feckin' do. Honestly. So I made a big mistake over Joel. Yes, I did. Screw Joel. Joel was my best guy friend. Joel and I had a complicated friendship. You liked Joel. So did I. In the end, Joel and I messed up our seemingly perfect friendship.  /end sob story  Every year since seventh grade has been marked by a particular male that has impacted me in ways words can't being to describe.  7th grade  - Joel Beccerra  8th grade  - Rory Payne  [Efrain Reynoso, he's in brackets, because um, Rory still made a bigger impact on me? *insert sigh*]  9th grade  - Actually, this year is  void , due the fact that I had lost my mind, and pretended to be a whore for the year. That, or I could put down Joshua Pierce, who was in love with me, and creeped the eff out of me. I also realized that Caleb Zeid had made an impression on me too. See?! I was a whore back then, and Diana won't shut the eff up about it. I was  depressed  over Rory that year, so I made a lot of bad choices. Okay? For Christ's sake, I wish I could re-do frosh year.  10th grade  - STALKER. Yeah, he made an impact on me. I can never be the same again. Oh, and Cesar Luevano, and Efrain Reynoso also impacted on my life.   God, how I love making these heart-felt posts. One of these days, I will show this to the world, and have a good laugh. So! What am I do up in the middle of a Saturday night? Last Saturday, I was whining to my mom that I had to get home so that I could "do homework". (WHICH DIDN'T EVEN GET FINISHED TILL THE NEXT DAY, HAR HAR.) Heh. Whatever. What I really meant was, "CAN WE GET HOME SO THAT I CAN SEE IF EFRAIN IS ON, AND SO I CAN TALK TO HIM, OKAY?" This Saturday? I'm up, because I slept  15 hours  today. Why? Um, because there was nothing else to do. Besides the fact that I feel great right now. Except for the constant pain of not talking to him. Yeah, yeah.   I'm cold. Everyone is sleeping, or at Mid-Winter. Damn them. Who is to amuse me now? NO ONE. Jo died around 11:30-ish. Jeez. Then again, she didn't sleep all day like me. LMAO. I woke up, had breakfast, watched cartoons (what the feck, mate?), cleaned my room/kitchen, slept, eat lunch, slept, woke up to watch Mulan (EEK!), eat, watch more Mulan, go on-line to talk to Jo, and now, I'm here. My day sucked, greatly. I slept so much that I feel like an old person. Hah. Why am I just rambling? Craziness, I tell ya.   So I think I really should end this post, or something. Yup, and like, continue it tomorrow. I AM SO GLAD FINALS ARE OVER. Oh yeah, speaking of stupid finals, Mr. Martinez was like, "You copied him, we have to give you a zero." Richard and I were like, what the eff?! Why? Because we both know that my work was flawless, and that Richard was the one who effin' copied my crap. FLAWLESS, BITCH. It was perfect, beyond words. I'm sorry, you can go back to kissing Tom's ass, Martinez, because you effin' irritate me. I almost started crying, and had half a mind to just walk out of the class, and burst into tears. He likes to "joke" around with me, because I hate him. Hate him. So much. Why the bloody hell do I have to spend another semester with him? At this rate, I'm going to jump of the bridge I keep threating to jump off of.   Second semester--I will try harder. Hah. What a load of crock. Try to include Cindy, Nikki, and Diana more into my life, and junk. I feel bad that they hardly know what's happening with me anymore. What's even stranger is that Diana feels it, and she knows I spend a lot of time with Heather, and now refers to Heather as "your Heather". I'm like, okay? She's my friend, not my person to own? Mhm. Jealousy rings in. Maybe, because this time last year, Heather and I weren't so close. In fact, we just started talking, and hanging out more around October. Which I'm glad for, but yeah. Diana and Heather hate each other. Wait, no. More than half of my "other" friends hate Diana. It sucks, because I am their middle ground. They only draw the line for me, when it comes to talking crap about her. Shat.  My hands are freezing, so I will really end this post now. AND, UM, I WISH EFRAIN WOULD SIGN ON, BECAUSE CHEERMERLYN IS GETTING SAD.  /rant