so i'm in buffalo, ny. and this trip has been less the perfect but that's ok. and this lady keeps bugging us about the firesworks display that was cancelled yesterday.. HELLO i'm in a hotel i'm not from around here...  friday we drove 9 hours to Cleveland Ohio. and it rained the entire time i was awake.. i slept maybe 2 hours. we stayed in Terra Haute that night.. and we left around 5 or 6 to go to Ohio. once we got to Cleveland my dad and i went to the rock and roll hall of fame. it was really cool. after listening to nothing but country for the past 2 days i was excited to hear something other then songs about a pick ups and beer! my dad and i found a comp to listen to the artists that have been inducted and so we stood there (with our headphones) singing and dancing along with The Beatles, Aerosmith, Billy Joel.. ya know.. the good ones! haha it was fun.   sunday, yesterday, we went to niagara falls. you guys know i'm not a very racists person. i don't care if someone is black, white, yellow, green, blue, whatever.. but omg i have never seen so many middle eastern ppl in my life. and they were the rudest ppl i have ever met. i was being nice and ignored it but after the 10th full grown man knocked Andrew over i got a little pissed off. we had to stand up on the trolly back to our parking lot and when it finally stopped (we had been riding for 30 mins standing) a lady next to us jumps up in between my mom and andrew and about knocked him over so my mom gently slid the lady back in her seat it was soooo funny. but anyway. we went to hard rock for dinner and we got free onion rings.. cuz i'm cute! not really.. he forgot about them.   today we went to see Ken and Darren. lots of hugs and kisses hehe! i love those guys. Maria is getting sooo big. and they invited me to stay with them for a couple weeks next summer! i will definetly take them up on that!!   alright well i don't really have anything else to talk about! i probably wont be back on here for awhile.. possibly not till sunday.