I'm going to stay a few minutes late today so that I can actually post a few things that are intriguing. Or maybe just a few things that are....  Spent the day in meetings and meeting people. Worked with a few of my SUB (Student Union Board) students today which was awesome. I think I'll have a good relationship with them as long as I clarify that I am learning, too, and that we need to work together. They're all really nice, somewhat quiet, but nice and very smart. I'm glad I have a great group to lead me through the ins and outs of SUB for a while.  I didn't decorate my desk at all. I was going to, really, but I got so sidetracked with working on other things and going to meetings that it all got lost in the mix. Tomorrow is my work "me" day, so I will do it then. I have things on the schedule, but they aren't too much, so I should be able to do a little of everything I feel I need to do. More work with the students tomorrow. Some student meetings. Good things.  I have apartment hunting on my list of "to dos" for Saturday. I looked at R.'s parents' place, and though it's okay, it's totally my back up. I'd rather live in an apartment apartment. Not in the basement. Does that make sense? It's very dark and warm (which is weird for a basement) and reminded me of many creepy movies I have seen in some ways. I can't describe it really. I wish I could. So looking at places is on my list of things that must get done. I hope I can find a nice place that accepts pets. I have to bring my cat down here, so I have to find a pet friendly place that isn't a shit hole. Good luck, right?  I received my first graduate class A- and B+. They hurt a little. I worked really hard in those classes and thought I deserved a little better. Somehow, UMSL is still calculating my GPA at 4.0. I don't know how that works, but I can't complain. I hope that it's not just fostering false hope. The jerks. I'll survive without the 4.0, but it will be hard on my fragile ego.  I miss my friends and my family. I really miss Amanda and Jessica. They seem too far away. My family is more of just a longing for a hug from my mom and not really a want to move back in sort of feeling. I'm okay not living there. I want to see them soon. And I do miss Rachel even though she was driving me nuts before I moved out. I miss her quirkiness and her cracking me up with her strangeness. It's a weird combination of love and hate with us sometimes, but I love her a lot and I miss her. And I also miss talking to Bruce. I used to talk to him every day, and now, with no internet access at home, I can't. It's sad. I should call, but I'm bad with the phone and I don't like to interrupt. That's probably why I don't really call. I should, though, only with permission.  An office supply club is in the works. Keep watching for details.  Hmmm..what else? Staff shirt day tomorrow. And chili for dinner tonight. I'm outta here!