Gail emailed the following thoughts that were meant as a comment to one of the postings when technology stood in her way. One way or another, I thought her words were worth posting...  GAIL SAID:  Editing is essentially the creation of reality. As a relatively prolific writer, I am too well acquainted with the editing process. I revise and revise, and revise yet again. From the "raw data," I re-arrange my text to present a completely different reality depending upon my goals for the specific written work. I want to win my academic argument, entertain my audience, or touch an emotional chord of someone close. I do so with integrity, and yet all these works present reality in a specific manner which is dependant solely upon the occasion for which I write.  Should it be any different for the filmmaker? Or for the television news editor for that matter? Do we have an expectation that it should be? Surely, Wag the Dog removed any such misguided notions. The events of the last year serve as evidence to that film's assertions; indeed, a surveillance photo of a truck or an unidentified container can be constructed into any reality, even weapons of mass destruction. The "fictitiousness" of war, as Michael Moore labeled it, became the reality with which the world now lives.  There is a fallacy that we often slip into. Seeing is believing. I myself know how text is revised, edited, altered if you will. But we seem to suffer from the notion that our eyes do not lie. Words? What are those? The print on the page has form and substance in the sense that the wood pulp of which the page consists has concrete reality, as does the black ink with which it was typeset, but words still remain intangible constructs like the ideas behind them. Vision, on the other hand, reflects the "real" world, a corporeal certainty, not a construct. Whatever our eyesight perceives surely must then be reality.  An experience like I-movie and even Garage Band, however, alters that perception. They allowed me to understand the level to which reality is presented, or distorted, through millisecond cuts, re-sequencing of events, and transitions. I discovered that music and slow motion in particular altered significantly what our movie was and what it presented versus the "reality" of the profuse raw footage. Subtle nuances oddly possess some of the greatest impact. Even if we accept that we filmed reality, what we edited, the final product surely is not. Not in its entirety.  Accepting the integrity of a Michael Moore, is Bowling for Columbine reality? Does it not have a purpose, which serves the agenda of its director/editor? What about Leni Riefenstahl's Triumph of the Will? Spielberg's Schindler's List? Or Tarantino's Pulp Fiction? How real is a black and white zoom-in on blood infused water swirling down the shower drain, a distant image of the lone little girl wandering about a Polish ghetto in a red dress, or an almost fun-house surrealism of the powerful but disillusioned man wandering down a corridor lined with mirrors which multiply his image and project it far away from us and from himself.  Nonetheless, all these images present us with some segment of one of many realities. Our job as audiences, and as teachers of students who have become consumers of these images, is to learn to read the messages, decipher the images, and re-construct them into a critical view of reality.