So day is a day or R&R.  No real plans.  Just walking around to travel cafes trying to figure out which tour we want to take for tomorrow.  There are two places I'd like to go and see.  But one of them has a pretty hefty price tag on it.  It's not really expensive but for travelers on a budget it's a nice sum of money.  I think we'll go to Halong bay tomorrow (the cheaper of the 2).  This is a bay with some 3000 islands in it and is supposed to be stunningly beautiful.  I've been hunting around for bargains but it's all basically the same.  They have a 2 day 1 night that looks pretty appealing.   I picked up my glasses today and they seem to be just what I wanted.  I'm not so sure about the frames but they were cheap and that's what counts.  I also went and mailed a ton of postcards off.  After that I hit up the local tourist department store and picked up some deodorant.  I know this doesn't sound so important but as anyone who has lived in Korea knows you can't buy it in Korea.  Or maybe you can but it's really hard to come by.  Either way I seized the opportunity.  No plans now.  I'll check out the Lonely Planet and see what else there is to do.  But I feel I've done the things I want to do most and it's about time to move on.  I do love my hotel and the free breakfast that I get in the morning.  That is some really good stuff.   I'll tell you one thing I won't miss about Vietnam is sweating like a pig.  Man I don't know what it is but I must have never walked around so much in the heat before in my life.   Last night was pretty tame as Gyeh-son was pretty pooped.  I think all the walking, touring and heat has taken it's toll on her little Korean self.  So we just got some food and then a beer and went back.  I wanted to go to a club but not enough to go by myself.  Maybe another time.   I pretty much hate yahoo mail.  They are so annoyingly unreliable.  I've been trying to access my e-mail for the last 30 minutes.  What's worst is that I can see other people checking their yahoo mail.  Fudge.  I think I'll sign up for google's mail service.   I really want to see Spiderman 2.