I'm eating toast with cheese on it at 11 o'clock and not a lesson have I planned. This must be what they call decadence.  Two days of exhibition hanging have taken their toll. I feel as if my very soul has spraymount all over it. I have lost most of my bodily fluids through pant sweatage, and somehow I have bruised my arse. How did that happen? I'm trying not to remember.  All this being the case, I've decided that I deserve a night off and I'm bloody well having one. Tomorrow I will be teaching without lesson plans,  visual resources or a safety net, and the delightful boys and girlies of 8GG and 8GR will just have to understand. Actually, getting them to understand anything is usually the problem, but we'll not get into that right now.  It's been a while since I've been here, so let's just take a moment to take stock of the shittiness of this weekend.  1) The football: Two minutes of freakish stupidity reduced me to tears on Sunday night. As injury time began, a night of foolhardy drunken celebration beckoned. I was even looking forward to triumphant hangover spraymounting the following day. Then the man with the world's stupidest haircut did his stuff and snatched it all away. A little bit of me died right there, in The Pleasure Unit, Bethnal Green Road. But it might perk up again if we sort out the Swiss on Thursday. How fickle am I?  2) The European Elections: What. The. Fuck? Surely I have woken up in a parallel universe, because it seems we have entrusted a shocking amount of power and influence to a bunch of bigoted ignorami, led by the Embodiment of Living Cheese. Robert Kilroy Silk, talkshow host, acknowledged racist, acknowledged tosser. A man who shows all the signs of having been carved out of red leicester by the Chapman Brothers when they were on a particularly bad trip. This guy is on his way to Brussels with ELEVEN of his best trained monkeys with the loudly declared mission of 'wrecking' the European democratic process. Well done folks. I hope you're proud of yourselves.  It can only get better from here.