I'm so happy right now.  I can't even tell you!  I just received an email from my predecessor and I know exactly where I'm going!  Kesennuma in Miyagi-ken!  Here's what she had to say:  Konichiwa Brianna-san,   I am your predecessor here in Japan.    If you haven't yet heard, you will be coming to Kesennuma city in Miyagi prefecture.    You are really lucky with your placement.  Kesennuma is a city of about 70,000 people.  It's right by the sea, and surrounded by mountains.  It's a port town so has very fresh fish and many good restaurants.    You are also really lucky with your schools.  Your base school will be Kanaegaura Senior High School.  This is an all girls, academic senior high school.  The students are all very friendly, you'll have a great time here.    Your visit school will be Kesennuma Senior High School.  This is the all boys, academic school.  I don't work here, my boyfriend does, so he'll be able to give you all the info you need about it.  It's also a great school, with a very young and fun English department.    Also, one morning every month you will be visitig Kesennuma Yogo Gakko - This is a special needs school for mentally and physically disabled students.  Each time you visit you will spend 1 hour with the Junior High school students and 1 hour with the Senior High school students.  This sounds quite daunting, especially if you've never worked with special needs kids before, but I have loved my visits to this school and wish I could have gone there more.  The kids there are so great.  They'll love you.    Next April 2005, Kanaegaura SHS and Kesennuma SHS will be joining together to make 1 big mixed SHS.  This is a big event here and I think you're really lucky to be able to be a part of it.    On your application form it says on one section you're coming with your boyfriend.  Is that still the case?  If so do you want to live together?  It's no problem either way.    OK.  I think I've bombarded you with enough information for 1 e-mail.  If you have any questions, about school, Kesennuma, living in Japan, what to pack, seriously anything, feel free to e-mail.  If you want to talk in person that's also no problem.  My phone number (and yours as of August) is (81) (0) 226 24 8826.    Have a good day.  Looking forward to hearing from you.    From Kirsty   I'm in awe!  I have been so blessed with this placement!  It sounds like more than I could have asked for.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!