"Perhaps of all the creations of man, language is the most astonishing" Lytton Strachey 1880-1932  A  about to Peggy is about to leave.  in advance We booked the tickets in advance.  alive and kicking   I love Berlin. It's alive and kicking.   all of a sudden I went out in the sun. Then, all of a sudden, it started to rain.  all over the place There are environmental problems all over  the place.  B  to go from bad to worse My marks have gone from bad to worse last term.  to bag sb. Tom bagged this special offer at an online-shop.  beat-up Mark is too beat-up to play tennis this evening.  to do the best He always does his best.  blabber Don't listen to him, he's a blabber.  to blag sb. Once in a while young Tim blags his father's cigarettes.   bloody What a bloody day!  to be blue She's been feeling blue all day.  bouncer A bouncer's task is to keep out those who might cause trouble.  be broke I can't go to the cinema with you, I'm broke.  to brush up on sb. I have to brush up on my Spanish.  buzz Parachuting gives me a real buzz.  Buzz off!  Buzz off! I have told you not to come to my place anymore.  C  a close call I had a close call. A stone almost hit me!  to catch sb. Sorry, I didn't quite catch your telephone number.  to catch cold I walked out in the rain, so I caught cold.   not to have a clue  I don't have a clue about repairing the faucet.  Come off it! Come off it! This isn't the truth.  as far as I'm concerned As far as I'm concerned, I'd like to watch the film.  cop A big crowd of cops gathered in front of the Bank of England.  corner shop Mother really liked corner shops when she was a child.    cram school  Many pupils have to go to a cram school in the afternoon.    on credit I'd not buy the new TV on credit.  cut Mr Brown made big cuts of $500 million.   P  from now on From now on I'm going to drive more carefully. von jetzt an   old fart Bob isn't an entertainer, he is an old fart. alter Langweiler   pint "A pint for me, please." "Halbe" (Bier)  to be pissed off Leave me alone, I'm pissed off! genervt sein  plonk Plonk often causes a bad headache. billiger Wein  to come to the point Don't talk for hours. Come to the point. zur Sache kommen  to pop in I won't be back early. I'll pop in at Max's. vorbeischauen  to put in a word for sb.  My mother doesn't let me go out. Can you put in a word for me, please? ein gutes Wort einlegen   pretty much They earn pretty much money together. ziemlich viel   out of the question We can't come to the party. This is out of the question. nicht in Frage kommen  Q  quid A quid is a pound in British currency. Pfund (Währung)  R  red tape Too much red tape takes everything longer. Bürokratie  right as rain Your baby is right as rain. kerngesund  S  to sack sb. Fred was sacked because he had lost his driving licence. jemanden feuern  scruffy Her apartment is very scruffy. schmuddelig  to see about Let's have a party on Saturday. I'll see about the drinks. sich um etwas kümmern  sharpish After a quarrel Mike left sharpish. schnell  to be in someone's shoes I don't want to be in Peter's shoes. in jemanden seiner Haut stecken  to shut up Shut up or disappear before I get furious. den Mund halten  can't stand I can't stand the rain.  etwas nicht ausstehen können  in the sticks  During their holiday the Bakers lived in the sticks. Far away from towns. in der Pampa (ganz weit draußen)  to stick sth./sb. I can't stick more of this. etwas aushalten  stroppy Jimmy is a stroppy child. widerspenstig  stuff Where is all that stuff I bought at Oxfam's yesterday? Zeug  T  Take it easy. Take it easy. Nimm's leicht.  telly You're a couch potato. All you can do is sit in front of the telly. Glotze  thick Are you thick? This is the right number. begriffsstutzig  Think nothing of it. Think nothing of it. Das macht nichts.  to be on time Please be on time. pünktlich  to take one's time Take your time. Zeit lassen  tipple After walking through the cold rain everyone enjoyed a tipple. alkoholisches Getränk  to loose track Do you know where Fred lives? - I've lost track of him. die Spur verlieren  to take turns My sister and Anne take turns babysitting. sich abwechseln  W  Watch your step. You'd better watch your step if you don't want trouble with your boss. Pass auf, was du tust.  to wear many hats You've got to wear many hats if you want to run your own hotel. vielseitig sein  when push comes to shove When push comes to shove you'd rather accept the job. wenn es hart auf hart kommt  to feel under the weather I think, I'll stay at home tonight. I'm feeling a little under the weather. angeschlagen sein  no wonder No wonder he is ill. He went out in shorts in winter.  kein Wunder  a word in your ear Could I have word in your ear? unter vier Augen  Words fail me. Did you hear about Sue and Pat? - Words fail me. Mir fehlen die Worte.  to eat one's words I'm sorry. I'll eat my words. zurücknehmen, was man gesagt hat  in other words In other words, you can't answer the question. anders gesagt  to have words with sb. I had words with the headteacher of my son's school mit jemanden eine Auseinandersetzung haben  would rather Would you like to spend your holidays in the North? No - I'd rather fly to Mexico. würde lieber  to wow sb.  His appearance at the party wowed me. jemanden tierisch beeindrucken  Z  to zing through sth. The arrow zinged through the trees as fast as lightning. durch etwas hindurchzischen