I have started to worry about the cost of de-programming her. My mother and I have had a shaky past but I really think she has lost it.  The woman has done really well for herself considering she did not finish college. She is a Post-Master in South Carolina and is the bread winner for the family. It scares me that she is a Post-Master of a small community because that means if it ever fell into Marshall law then she would be the leader. Bless her, but I know she would be drunk with power and  oh the thought of those poor people makes it difficult to sleep some nights. Anyway my mother also has a another job. She sells Mary Kay Cosmetics. You may say, "what is wrong with that?" and to you I say "you must not know anyone who pushes the stuff."  The women is relentless. Where ever we go she stops and talks to people about it. Whenever I call or come home its all she talks about. I mean people see her coming and run. Now part of being on the Mary Kay team is that you must enlist troops. Thank god I am not a girl. She has my step-sister and my sister signed up and has just stopped short of having me go door to door with the crap. She always is asking "don't I know someone who would like to buy some?" When I visit she keeps giving me propaganda to take back to Atlanta. At Christmas  I asked for more Polo Blue cologne and ended up with a MK "equivalent". Her argument was that their brand was better and she just couldn't give money to a competitor, oh yeah the people at Ralph Lauren are shaking in fear.  I can't even bring friends home at the risk of her attacking them like a restaurant pusher in the mall. "Bourbon Chicken?"  Ok still think I am exaggerating?  Below is a letter she sent out to her "troops" this past winter.  Hi Everyone,   I am not sure I have been able to personally talk with each of you since the ice storm hit Orangeburg, but it was devastating to me.  We not only lost many trees, one of the River Birches at each end of my porch, electricity for a week, everything out of the fridge and freezer but I was also not able to finish car production in January.  I was not and could call and talk with people about MK when much more important things were on peoples minds, like electricity, food, and for some even shelter since tree limbs had gone through the roofs of houses.  It was a disaster, we could not get out of our drive or street until neighbors cut us out on Tuesday afternoon.  We immediately headed out for hot food as all we had was 1 slice of pizza each which we heated on a kerosene heater.  My husband did try to make me see the brighter side of the picture, I could do another 4 months to make car production, I had already almost done it (all but $700 in production) so I could do it again.  I knew I could but I was so devastated, however, I had resigned myself to starting again.   Debbie called the last night and asked where I was and I said I did not make it, she stated maybe MK would let me have an extension because of the weather and my reply was that if they did that for me that they would have to do that for everyone when the least bit of bad weather moved in across the world.  Last week MK called and asked what had gone wrong for me and the team in Feb. we were so close but did not finish.  I explained to them about the ice storm and that no one was interested in MK at that time, most did not have water, electricity, food and some even shelter.  To make a long story short, they decided to give me until the end of February to finish car production, now is that a company we want to work for or what?  It gives me goose bumps just thinking about it.  They dropped Oct and will give me Feb to finish.  I have to order 1000.00 which is the max I can order in one month and the team has to do 4,025, so whatever you can do to help, I do appreciate from the bottom of my heart.  Please do what you can to help and I will help you in anyway I can and again I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  We have such a wonderful team, even though we seldom see each other or sometimes even talk, we all know we can depend on one another when we really need someone.  Thank you for your support and MK will make us better women, it is truly a blessing to be part of such an awesome company.   Love to you all,   That just makes me nauseas.  Like any parent I hope it is just a phase she will grow out of.