Fun day today, woke up and was pretty tired but I got over that. Played Worms Armageddon in Design Tech, didn't get anything done like every other day and I still have an A ^^. Went to math and neither of my old friends were there, usually I'm the loudest one there always joking with the teacher but I guess I'm not like that when I have no one there to talk to... Nikita's...Umm... B-Day... I think, she got a bag with lolly-condoms(condoms with toothpicks taped to the side) and frog socks that ribbited when you pressed a button, so awesome! Made an ass of myself at lunch once again today, Zak and Ken helped out a little as well! I was just being my hyper self and they decided to do what always happens at least once a day... Pull the strings on my sweatshirt to tighten up the hood, wrap the strings around my neck and tie them in a knot. I ran around for a while constantly running into walls and people, eventually ending up outside... I had one hole that I had to switch between one of my eyes to see and my nose to breath, I got out once but they just held my arms back and did it again. Then finally they gave and I started fighting Jen a little, yelling and screaming etc. Fun! Ah yes, then came Dane, me and him started to fight 'til Ken broke us up and through me around for hitting the blue haired one... *sigh* I was having so much fun too, oh well... That's when Dane told me to come to LOTR with him on Wednesday, here it is... He's gonna dress up as link(sword, shield, white tights and all) and drive to MVHS after C-Block to steal everyone from their classes, he wants to pack as many people in him car as possible. It'll be SO FUN! Can't wait to see it...  Then of course after lunch I went with Trevor and Adrian to my house to eat hotdogs and my moms cookies, we had an ass slapping time! j/k, the only asses we slap are our own, MUAHAHA! Trevor's the kitty, always being a kitty, Trevor is also Adrian's creation... Trevor IS Adrian...And Adrian... umm, he's like a sex fiend that gets whatever he wants whenever he wants(sex-wise that is)... Then there's me, I'm the punisher/bitch who's never touched by anyone, hehe... Yeah, we have interesting times, really fun times, but interesting... Don't think we're... Umm, just having a threesome in the back of Trevors car, we are very not that way... We all just like to act it, 'cept for Trevor... He rejects Adrian... WOW! I am now really debating whether or not I should delete this part, you lucky if I haven't... That's enough of that subject... Don't think of me any differently after reading this, it's just how we are at lunch/C-Block... There's more to it than just that ^^...  No more for now, have something more important to do!