Today was also a fun/awesome/good/wonderful day. I woke up this morning at like 1 when it started to rain and i was so happy because i knew we wouldnt go out to the field today for football. Well i obviously went back to sleep and woke up around 6:30, showered, and went to football practice at 7. I was correct in my not going outside assumption, we lifted for about an hour then did some sprint drills and position drills in the gym and played angle ball for about 45 minutes. Well I came home and sat around for a bit then I walked up to the firehouse and got my gear together ( i didnt have it put together because i wanted to wash it but never did, but I had a feeling that we would have a firecall because of all the rain, and sure enough, i went home and about an hour later, we had a call. Smoke in a building over on erford road. Me and stevie stilo just talked the whole way to the call because we knew we werent gonna have to do anything, we knew it was just something little. But the ride there was awesome. The driver was swerving in and out of cars and crazy stuff. Anyways, we got back to the firehouse after the firecall and i stayed for about another hour because we had to do some maintenence. I went home at about 12:20 and got a shower and called janelle. We decided that she would come over tonight for dinner and we would watch a movie, etc. Well I had to wait until almost 4 to go pick her up, because my mom was working and my dads truck was at the garage. But we eventually got her, after a needed stop at the giant for some hamburger for tonights dinner. We came back here and went upstairs and started the movie while my father started to make the tacos that we wouold have for dinner. The movie me and janelle watched is called S.I.C.K (it stands for Serial Insane Clown Killer), It was pretty freaky and weird and janelle was scared in some parts, im not that scared because all i watch is scary movies and im starting to know what happens in every single movie i watch, but the suspense and everything is awesome. Some movies still are very scary to me. Anyways, we got interupted halfway through the movie because my mom got home and it was time to eat dinner, we obviously went downstairs and ate and then we went back up to my room and finished the movie. After the movie was over (around 8) we "watched" the Home Run Derby until we took her home at 9:30. Thats it, she went home I came back here and now Im at the comp. Tomorrow morning im going to a big flea market in lancaster, it should be awesome, I want to get a big mirror for my wall and im gonna try and find an atari, im sure i'll find a bunch of other awesome things, i love flea markets. Update will obviously be tomorrow night. Peace