I mean, you're a girl!"    A few days ago someone pointed out to me that my list of books read in 2004 didn't include any graphic novels (and I'm talking about comics, not novels with sex and bad language just so we're clear).  Since this person (hi, Chris!) knows I read graphic novels, he was wondering what the deal was.  Believe it or not, I gave this issue a lot of thought (probably a lot more than was necessary).  On one hand, I completely believe that comics are a valid form of literature and that really good ones can get across things that a regular book might not be able to.  But on the other hand, a lot of the graphic novels I've read this year are really just collections of ongoing titles and I blow through them so quickly that it almost seemed like cheating to include them on my book list.  But I have been keeping a separate list of graphic novels I've read this year, and so here it is, Chris.   Graphic Novels So Far in 2004    The Ultimates, Vol. 1  by Mark Millar and Bryan Hitch  Ultimate Spider-Man, Vols. 3-7  by Brian Michael Bendis and Mark Bagley  Ultimate X-Men, Vols. 1-3  by Mark Millar, Brian Michael Bendis, David Finch et. al - I think Millar wrote all the volumes I read, but Bendis took over at some point, and  Amazon's about as clear as mud sometimes when it comes to comic book credits.  Bone, Vols. 1-9  written AND drawn by Jeff Smith and one of my very favorite comics ever  Batman: The Long Halloween  by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale  Fable: Legends in Exile  by Bill Willingham, Lan Medina (pencils), Steve Leiahola and Craig Hamilton (inkers - we're not tracers!)  I have this sitting in front of me so I can cite all the artists involved.  I just finished  Fables  a couple hours ago, and I really, really liked it.  The premise is that all the Fable lands were overthrown by The Adversary and all the characters were exiled.  They now live undercover in the human or Mundane world among the mundys which is what they call all the non-Fable people.  All the old favorites are here, and the take on some of them is pretty funny.  Snow White is bitter, brassy, and second-in-command in Fabletown.  Prince Charming is a sleazy ladies man.  Jack of Beanstalk fame is a lazy bum, always looking for a good get rich quick scheme.  The Big Bad Wolf goes by Bigby (and mostly appears in human form so far) and is the sheriff of the Fable community.  Even the cameos are hilarious.  My favorite is the chain-smoking Little Pig who keeps running away from the farm to crash on Bigby's couch because he figures the wolf still owes him for that house he blew down.  Anyway, the book is very funny and very creative.  I've already put volumes 2 and 3 on request at the library, and I wouldn't mind owning them eventually unless the next two are terrible.  Oh, despite the storybook characters, it's definitely an adult book.  Snow White swears like a sailor.  Next up for grapic novels: Alan Moore's  From Hell  is waiting for me at the library right now and his  V for Vendetta  is on request.  I think I might re-read  Batman: Year One  as well.  I know I read it years ago, but I can't remember a single thing that happened, and I have more of an investment in the Bat-mythos now.  And I'm still making slow but steady progress through  Essential X-Men, Vol. 2   And now I'll leave you with this tidbit: "The average comic book introduces children to nearly twice as many words as the average children's book and more than five times as many as the average child-adult conversation." From a 1993 study published in  The Journal of Child Language .  Interesting, no?  Now playing: Jars of Clay (album:  Who We Are Instead , track: Show You Love)