I can tell when my music is too loud cos the speakers shake my remote controls off the TV table and onto the floor. There they go right now!   Somewhere out there, there’s a London Electric operative that I would dearly like to meet. I dragged my ass up to White Hart Lane from New Cross this afternoon- which isn’t a short journey- only to find that the venue for the dreaded TTA Skills Tests was an electricity-free zone. Not a watt of power to be found on the premises. God knows when I’m going to take the things now. Still, the up-side of this is that I got to come home and watch England complete a seven-wicket walloping of New Zealand, which was very satisfying indeed.   What is it about cricket? I can understand why people ask. This is a game, after all, where two teams can play for five days, at the end of which there’s still every possibility that nobody wins. It’s old-fashioned, conservative, stuffy, frustrating, slow and near-impossible to understand without investing hours immersing yourself in its eccentricities. But that, right there, is precisely what I love about it. This is a game with depth. It has so many dimensions, and so many permutations, and it’s steeped in history, and character and weirdness. Hearing good old Richie Benaud telling the story of the Timeless Test, and the Six Sixes, and the Bodyline Series is like the sporting equivalent  of a fairytale. They are crazy, nonsensical yarns of mythical feats which, in actual fact, were achieved by ordinary men who are still alive and well and (mostly) living in Australia.   In an effort to understand why I just don’t hear what she says to me when the close of play scores come on the radio, Hav has suggested that we try to go to a test match together. Poor girl doesn’t know what she’s letting herself in for. After six hours of me trying to explain what a googly is and why exactly a right-handed batsman can’t be out LBW when the ball pitches outside leg, I’m pretty sure the experiment will be over. But it’s a nice thought.   There’s a whole deluge of work coming my way this weekend. *Deep breath* One week to half term…