hie hie to all eh... hahaz btw zhenhua here... hmmm...new to dis bloggin ding though i tnk it is a bit of a waste of time...hhaaz/ nvm... gow ith the flow man! hahaz tomorrow the 18th of july is the 22nd student council invistiture... realli wonderin how it would go...  btw.. hahaz proud to annouse dat i m da secondary two coordinator of the 22nd student council.. reallie kool... one post dat i m glad i received... since the start of my student council life... no one reallie tot dat i would become a coordinator(coord.). mainly because a coord. job is to love and guide... one of da many things ppl tot i could'nt do... but u bet i m gona prove pple wrong... i was said to be insensitive and not sympertatic enof... but... dats whu i am... any way i m proud dat i changed... ppl should start to look at others in another view  i m a sec2 coord. now... and i will do a good job, no question asked, to prove to "the rest" dat i m worth my post...and dat no one else would be a better coord. den i am going to be.  i m a believer...   but i do nt jus believe... i work hard for it... to all 22nd sc pple out dare.... watch out... zhenhua is coming up... hahaz...  ppl always said dat "post dont matter"... but something in deir heart always wanted a higher post.... wanted something more, izzen't dis human... how real... but no matter wad... 22nd must sticj together... have you forgotten all da pains we been tru to gt here... i dun think u can ever 4gt... it must be in ya heart... somewhere. for dose whu are thinking of letting go... dont....   BeLiEvE   and u can work wonder... dun 4gt all da sweat and hard work we all been tru... dis is one bond dat we should never break.   ppl might be unhappy with how da posting went... think bout dis... do u noe as much as da teachers know... are u wiser den dem...?¿... i think not... so da teachers surly had reasons 4 doin wad dey did... postings are nt a test of capability, but more of a "format" teachers have to follow to make a "better" batch... one capable guy may nt be able to handle stress... if dats da case how can u give him high responsibility?  now about ncc... yeah we are also takin over soon... don worry too much... let dings flow... yesh i want a good post n i fear dat da fact dat i m a councillor may weight me down... but i will neber give up one of my cca 4 da other... it is nt fair.... so ppl in ncc readin dis.... dun worry...   believe        in tis world dare is a nid, 4 pple to lead da rest to rise above the "average" life, by giving off deir best tis is ur dae a world to win accept the chellenge of your goals and in yourself:     BELIEVE    >>