It feels like last year all over again. Dad and I had a big fight about (guess what) money on Monday, namely how much of it he was going to give me in order for me to go to Uni. He seems to be incapable of giving money to anyone other than me. That might sound good, but when the money is your rent and fees, which could be paid straight to the university, making me a middle man seems a bit pointless. He refuses to give the money to my mum as well; it's like he doesn't trust her to pay it- he's still bitter about the whole CSA thing, which he keeps claiming is a pointless excercise, so why he get so annoyed about it is beyond me. Oh, I can't be arsed with it anymore. If I wasn't reliant on him paying half of everything, I'd tell him where to put his money and get rid, because it stresses me out too much, and I don't need that a month before my exams. We were getting on so well, too. Remember that self-destruct button?  Last year reared it's ugly head again at 10.41pm last night (I was looking at the clock when it happened), when my phone rang:  Ceff: "Hello?" Speaker #2: "Hi, it's me" Ceff: "Er... Hi... Who's this?" Speaker #2: "It's Luke" Ceff (in shock): "Oh, hi..." Luke: "..." Ceff: "What?" Luke: "Just wanted to see how you are" Ceff (thinking quickly): "I'm fine, I'm just going to bed"  Luke: "Oh, OK then" Ceff (irritated): "...er, speak to you soon then?" Luke: "Yeah, OK then" Ceff: "Bye"  What the hell is going on?? For one, why is he ringing at half ten at night to "see how I am"?? And if he's ringing me, surely he should have something to say?? If he rings again I'll make it clear I don't want to speak to him again. There are various things I could try:  - Pretending I don't know who he is - Speaking in German - Not speaking at all - Telling him I've moved to the Outer Hebredes - Not answer the phone - Pick up the phone, and put it down again - Get Debbs to answer the phone and speak in Spanish - Get Sel to answer the phone and speak Gujerati - Get Laura to answer the phone and speak Liverpudlian  I could tell him the truth/to piss off and leave me alone, but that's just not as fun, hehehe.  I have started revision! If revision means sunbathing and eating strawberries whilst half reading a German copy of Cosmo...;o)  Ceff x