Occasionally, I need to remind myself why I homeschool my boys.    I was originally going to do a pros vs. cons type blog, but canned that idea.   Some days, it's hard to pin point exactly what drives me to homeschool my boys.  There are so many reasons for us.  Ranging from , just wanting to spend more time with my kids, to not liking the ideas that public school was putting in their heads, to safety.  Ask me today, I will give you one reason, ask me tomorrow, I will give another.  And some days, I will just flat out tell you "I MUST BE CRAZY"   With all the "stuff" going on in today's world.  I feel safer with my kids at home.  All the way around.  In my kids elementary school, there wasn't much violence, but there was tons of sex.  Yes, I said sex.  I know a kid who in Kindergarten, saw  one boy servicing another boy in the bathroom, they were all 5-6 years old.    When Tj was in 4th grade, he couldn't sleep at night, I finally drug it out of him one night, that kids were spreading rumors about him sleeping with a 2nd grader.  Two kids in his class got busted in the girls bedroom by her parents after school.  One kid, got up in the middle of class, pulled his pants and underwear down and showed the family jewels to the entire class.  When the teacher called his dad, the boy got a "atta boy".    What 10 year old needs to deal with that on a daily basis.    There many other things that led up to us taking our kids out of public school.  Little things kept piling on one another, until this huge pile of junk was in front of us.  Then, Casey, who had just finished second grade, came to me one day and asked, "please mom, homeschool me, I don't think I can go back there."  He was miserable.    When a child is that miserable, you have to act.  Our only choice was homeschool.  Private school is way too expensive, so was moving to another district.    What did I get in return?   My boys back.    When a child goes to school, they slowly change, little by little, parents are moved out of their lives, and friends move in.  They take on each others personality traits, they talk like each other, they act like each other, the think alike.    The older a kid gets, the less time he has for his parents.  Only natural.  But at least with homeschooling, I can slow the process down a bit.  So far, they don't think they are missing out on anything, I don't have to hear the "but his parents let him do it" or "you don't want me to have a life."  YET.  I know the day will come and those words will leave my child's lips and reach my ears at lightening fast speed, and pierce my heart.  But I have delayed it.    My sons have time to mature at their own rate, to figure out who they are, what their likes are, what their dislikes are, on their own speed.  They aren't as influenced by peers to dress a certain way, or act a certain way.  They are free to make those decisions on their own,  and not be ridiculed if it doesn't fit into what society deems as normal.   They don't have to deal with the pressure to be the cool kid, or the smart kid, or the jock, or a geek.  They don't have to succomb to labels.  They make their own labels.    My 14 year old isn't afraid to kiss my and hug me in front of his friends, to him, its only natural.  He loves his parents.    All of our boys come to us with questions about life.  we talk openly about sex, drugs and drinking.  We talk openly about homosexuality,  the war on terror, and other news topics.    I like being able to talk to my kids about this stuff.  I like to hear their opinions, and what they have to say about stuff.  I like being able to tell them my opinions.  But most of all, I like making sure they are informed enough to make their own conclusions.  Not just go along with the crowd.   My oldest wants to go to Duke.  He has already skipped one grade, and is trying this year to get two years work done in one.  He wants to graduate in 2006.  Go to a local school until he turns 17, then apply to Duke.    HE made the decision to concentrate on school, instead of girls.  He has set his goals in life.  In public school, he was one of the "cool" kids.   He is smart, atheletic, and a good looking kid.  HE has a very outgoing personality, and isnt' afraid to share his opinion.  Just ask his sunday school teacher.  She taught something he didn't agree with, he told her he disagreed.  And then, he told her why, and was able to back it up.    My two oldest made the decision last year, and again this year to keep homeschooling.  By doing so, they give up the ability to play school sports.  School sports is something very close to both of their hearts.  They have always planned on playing school sports, then college, and pro.  Now, they will ahve to find another venue to get their talent spotted.  But they don't care.  They want to stay home.    I'm more than willing to teach them at home.  I want my boys to be a help to this world one day, to actively participate in life,  to be productive, instead of just muddling through day to day.  Isnt' that what parents are for?