Is Christmas really on Thursday?  Just sneaks up on you over here.  Stuff is good but I am tired.  Really tired.  I have crap to do like was my clothes and clean my room.  Fun, fun, fun.  Friday was a lot of fun.  I was Guys night out.  Started with Fenton, Caleb and I eating at possibly the best restaurant in Daegu.  It is possible I have an unhealthy obsession with this place.  I ate there again today, but man it's good and has the best kimchi in Korea.  We then hit up the Batman Hof.  I was hoping for a little more.  The beer was cold, too bad the rest of the place was cold too.  Gabe joined us here and we all migrated to Miller Time.  On the way there I almost tripped and fell on my face thanks to one of those plastic jugs placed on the sidewalk for no real reason what so ever.  But it was cool as it was an opening to meet a girl who studied English in London.  Here is a rundown of the conversation. girl- "what do you do?" me- "I'm an English teacher.  What do you do?" girl- "I'm a dancer." me- "ballet?" girl- "no" me- "ah sah!!" Turns out she works as a dancer at Woobang Tower land.  The were heading to Gypsy Rock.  I like Miller Time.  Here we played some silly drinking games and had dark beer.  Next we hopped across to Bellagio.  Here was more beer and movie quotes to boot.  Apparently someone lost at a game and had to come over and ask us for beer.  Of course we hooked him up and invited him to sit down.  We were then off to upstairs Gypsy Rock but not much happening there.  We dipped into Bubble Bar but I head home shortly after.  I think we need to make every Friday night guys night out.  Lots of fun.  It was a real breath of fresh air to be able to move around and do stuff with only four people too. Saturday the Fenton House had a B-day.  This marks one year to the day that we met.  I met him last year on his B-day in Jazz on Jazz.  This time we hit up WABA for some sam gyup sal.  I was a little timid given last weekends experience which I still might or might not be suffering from.  WABA is damn good but it's expensive and the meat takes forever to fucking cook.  This sucks when you want to eat.  We then hit The Commune.  Here we did the b-day song and cake thing.  I ate two pieces of cake.  I really miss good cake sweet cake.  The shit here is so bland.  Oh well.  I then split out with Fenton's teacher friend Alex and hung with her until I met up with everyone again at New Blue.  She is nuts, in a good way.  She is a far cry from the typical Korean girl.  I ended up at home around 5ish.  Maybe this is why I'm tired. Today was tame.  Asma just called to see if I wanted to catch dinner but I'm busy.  Bummer I'd like to go to Bennigan's.  I spent most of the afternoon having coffee with So-Yon.  We talked for like 3 hours.  Lately I've been in SB a lot.   Anyone doing shit for Christmas?  We should at least eat somewhere.  We should probably make reservations now.  Oh the memories of last Christmas come rushing back.   Ok I said I would talk about Ji-Eun b/c she was cool enough to leave a nonracist remark on my page.  She is a girl I met working last year in Hwawon and is probably my best Korean friend.  We always eat pizza for lunch.  But she bailed out of this last teachers meeting.  Pizza buddy this is for you.