Ok, I'm going to explain now why I think my boss Delores is such a bitch.  First of all, she never explained EXACTLY everything I was supposed to do on my shift, and then when I don't do it, I get reamed for it.  No, you heard me right... she doesn't just remind me nicely, she practically yells at me like I'm a child.  For instance, the other night, this woman ordered a prime rib quesadilla.  It says in the menu that it comes with barbeque sauce, so I guess she assumed that the bbq came on the side.  Unfortunately, the sauce is ON the quesadilla.  She ate some of it and then decided that she didn't like it because she thought the sauce was on the side.  She ordered a chicken quesadilla instead.  I threw out her other meal and explained the situation to Delores, and asked her if she could take it off the check.  She actually started yelling at me right there in front of customers and other employees.  She made me feel like total shit.  I told her that I would be willing to pay for the mistake, and she said (in a bitchy tone), "No!  I'm not going to make you pay for it!"  This was, mind you, a day after I really did make a small mistake with an order and she told me that next time I screwed up like that, I was going to have to pay for it out of my own pocket.  She told me I had no authority to throw it out, that next time that happened, I was was going to have to explain to the customer that it was THEIR FAULT they didn't like it, and that they were going to have to take it home with them.  I have never seen this happen in other restaurants.  If you don't like the item, or it's not what you expected, the manager always takes it off the bill.  They don't just tell you "Oh well."  Lori, the girl I worked with the last night, told me that Linda (a waitress that recently left to work somewhere else) was waiting on a couple that felt that their chicken parm was over cooked.  Linda brought it back and apparently Delores actually went over to the table, picking through the chicken, saying "I don't see what's wrong with this chicken!"  Marty, her husband, is the exact opposite.  I had two problems last night.  The first one, the person ordered a "steak sandwich."  It sounded like she wanted the Pub Special (a filet mignon sandwich) without the cheese and onions.  I asked her several times to clarify so I was sure I would get the order right.  Confident that I was punching in the correct order, I brought out what I thought was what she wanted.  Of course it wasn't.  I brought it back and punched in what she really wanted -- a cheese steak without the cheese and onions, on a kaiser roll.  I called Marty over and explained the situation.  I told him that I was sorry, and that I repeated the order back to the woman several times to make sure I got it right.  He was pissed... not at me, but at the customers.  Turns out that they have problems every time they come in.  If it had been Delores, she would have screamed at me.    The other mistake was a drink order and the guy was an asshat and Marty only laughed about it.  Anyway... when I got to work yesterday Delores told me that I have to leave the place "really clean" because we weren't going to be open again till Monday.  I must have given her a "what are you talking about" look [I always leave the place clean when I close the non-smoking side.] because she said, "You left the dishes in the bus pan and the water in the silverware bucket."  I didn't feel like arguing with her.  Truth is, I assumed it was the busboy's job... every time I try to do it for him, he tells me that he'll do it, it's his job.  And... I wasn't the closer on Friday night, and I know Jessie got slammed, so there's a good possibility that she had people eating on that side and she put the dishes in that bus pan.  Delores is a stupid bitch.  I guess I'll just have to do the "smile and nod" thing until she really steps out of line and then I'll talk to Marty about it.  Lori just got a job at the Olive Garden, so she'll be leaving.  Maybe I can pick up her shifts at night.  I think I would rather work with Marty anyway.  Ok, it's 1:40 and I'm still in my pj's.  Gotta go get a shower.  Happy 4th of July everyone!