Kenneth Greenberg the Dean of Arts and Sciences from Suffolk University began the morning session. He is a History Professor, with an emphasis on American Slavery.  When John Winthrop landed at Boston in 1630, he uttered the phrase, "City on a hill. The eyes of the world are upon us." He spoke this to tell his fellow travelers that the world would watch to see their colonization of the new world.  He began to prep us for the things to come in the next few days as the convention opens up over Sunday night with Delegation events, and meetings all next week. Physical participation in the convention events can paradoxically render its significance Unnewsworthy. Basically when you are part of a historical event, you tend to forget the larger message to it. A person that attended Woodstock might just remember sitting in the mud, and not think about how this has become a cultural and historical phenomenon. There is an illusion that there is a center to the convention events. There really are not any, and make sure to pay close attention to the little things that occur around you. Just keep in mind that the real action is all around us.   Dr. Sandy Maisel, Colby College spoke of the context of Campaign 2004, He began with the statement that this campaign began with the 2000 election. It is a continuing expansion of televisions coverage of elections.   He stated that our democracy has to change the way it elects Presidents. Looking at a map and seeing America in the context of Blue and Red areas is wrong. Many states are highly divided in their choices for President. The Electoral College is a winner take all system, the only two states that don’t follow this is Nebraska, and Maine. These states give votes to the candidate that gains the most votes per congressional district, and the candidate with the most votes in the entire state get the two votes from the Senate seats. We have simultaneous elections, Presidential, Senate, Congressional, State, and local governments. People tend to get confused as the office gets closer and closer to home.   As it stands right now Kerry and Bush need 270 Electoral votes to win the Presidency. Right now Kerry has 11 states for a total of 165 votes, Bush has 22 states with 182 votes. The battleground states for this election will be, Florida, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. These are rich with Electoral votes, and any one of them can swing the election towards the winner, such as Florida did in 2000. There has been more money raised and spent on this election than in anytime in the history of the Presidency of the United States.   C-Span’s Unconventional Political Coverage brought to us, two producers for the great information channel. Richard Weinstein (Family Guy. I wish I had a Jew…), and Russell Logan.  C-Span is sent to over 90 million homes in America. 50 Million people state that they are regular viewers. The channel gets it’s funding solely from the fees that people pay when paying their cable bills. Five cents from every bill goes to pay for the production of this channel and its programming. Of these viewers 34% state they are Conservative, 36% are Moderate, and 23% identify themselves as liberal.   C-Span is different in that it shows a different side of politics. It doesn’t just show the sound bite and picture of the day, instead it follows events from start to finish and gives people a better feel for the candidate, or politician. All of these people do have a human side to them after all.  One thing that I did find reassuring about these two men, is their answer to a statement that one of my fellow students said. She made the comment that she gets most of her news from "The Daily Show with John Stewart", I find this rather sad on her part, but I thought it was pretty cool when they admitted that they enjoyed that show a lot. It goes to show that these two men that hobnob with the movers and shakers in Washington, can have just as twisted a sense of humor as I.   Michael Genovese, of Loyola Marymount presented his speech, The First Presidential 9-11 election. Before I give highlights of this speech and what I most gained from it, I must first say that this man’s approach to speech was a welcome one. He had a humor to him that was very good-natured; there were many little things that he said that got a roar of laughter from the audience. If there is a type of speaker that I would like to become it would be one like this, but not only like this, but to also inspire people as well.   Dr. Genovese, gave the opening remarks of how Constitutionally, Congress is stronger than the President. I would agree with this statement, but in years past we have seen the President become stronger and stronger through the use of Executive Orders and Agreements, also the budgeting initiatives as well. I could go on and on, but I won’t, at least not for the moment.  Most countries have systems of government where their heads must be time tested and prove themselves through time and rise through the ranks of his/her party. In the United States a political outsider is actually encouraged to run for office, and in some cases can even win. Such is the discouragement that politics is out of touch with everyday citizens. We welcome the chance to have the citizen politician.   Presidential Campaigns (A play in 3 Acts)  Act 1. A referendum on the incumbent  If this incumbent can pass this referendum favorably than Acts 2-3 become irrelevant.  Act 2. Enter the Challenger  The Challenger must give the electorate a reason to vote for him.  Act 3. Post Convention  The Presidential debates are finally here. Rarely are these debates won, but they can be lost. All participants must exhibit caution.   The election of 2004 is a peculiar one, in that neither party is worried about its support base. In most elections, there can be a sway in the support of one party to another for more moderate members. In the past, after the nomination the candidate must solidify his base and then go towards the middle. With this particular cycle, the candidate must appeal to the middle of the road voter.   Can 9-11 impact this race? Can the challenger attack an incumbent on National Security? How should Senator Kerry play up his service record and hit Bush for his non-service? These were some of the questions that were brought up, and none could really be answered.   The best quote out of this presentation would have to be. "The only difference between Al Gore and Osama bin Laden is that bin Laden is wanted."   I have a list of events that I will try to hit over the weekend.  On Friday, July 23 at 7 pm at Fanneul Hall of Emerson College, Dennis Kucinnich and Howard Zinn will be speaking. If only I had known earlier that the Radical Dr of History was going to be in town, I would have brought my copy of "A people’s history of the United States for him to sign." I just hope it is not too expensive to attend.   On Sunday, July 25 from 4-6 pm at the Old West Church, a tribute to Paul Wellstone. The guest speakers at this event include the one and only Al Franken. The cost is $25 but I think that goes to Wellstone’s foundation. This should be a very fun event to attend.   On Monday, July 26 at 10 am at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, a barbeque will be held to help people get together to talk strategy on how to mobilize the people on your college campus to vote.