One wonders if it is necessary to choose a side.  Since we have the capacity to believe contradictory things then perhaps that is the healthiest thing to do.  For example, I can like a kid and still recognize that he is a dangerous sociopath.  As a result I can interact with him in a productive way while at work and establish a rapport that makes my job possible; at the same time I expect that every other thing the kid says is a lie, am careful never to be in a room with him without witnesses, and am extremely careful about monitoring his behavior and the environment.    On a grander scale as a Christian, well at least as a Presbyterian, I believe in God, but at the same time and in some ways I recognize that it is important also not to believe in God.  Christianity and a belief in God give me a spiritual depth.  I am encouraged to be humble in my successes and upfront about my shortcomings.  I am sustained in the face of a job that uses people up.  A belief in a divine plan that I am part of is helpful in preventing dithering while confronting stressful situations.  The presence of God in the world saves me from the despair that comes from the amount of NEED in the world that must go unfulfilled; certainly I lack the capacity in my own person to satisfy the level of need that I confront daily.  In prayer, I have a way to offer something to children that I can't reach or help in any other way.  In short, it is important for my continued function that I see myself as a paladin, a sword in the hand of God.  On the other hand, as a rational being I recognize that this is all a little crazy.  I resent the smugness that is the result of too much faith in any narrow belief.  I mistrust any person, especially myself, who seems sure of the mind of God.  I am offended by faith that is overly public and overly demonstrative.  I am dismayed that individual misfortune is attributed to moral turpitude.  I am disgusted by proselytizing, as there is nothing more arrogant than recording over other people's truth with your own.  Most offensive is the lack of doubt, the shrill certainty that there is one and only one way.  I suppose that I am a hypocrite, but I don't feel false when I pray or dialogue with God. Furthermore, the split vision seems helpful to me as I work with kids.  Simultaneously I can view the disabilities clinically and religiously; in one sense I recognize the chemical or structural difference of the brain that is the physical cause of the disability, but it is also helpful to think of the demon that the children are struggling with that is the spiritual manifestation of the child's disability.  Organic disability contains within it the idea of permanence and the necessity of acceptance, struggle with a demon contains within it the possibility of victory.  Likewise it is helpful to attribute the most egregious lapses of behavior to an outside agency rather than to the afflicted child.  On the other hand a medical view removes any stigma from a disability and suggests avenues of research that lead to palliatives and conceivably cures.  In short, I wonder if we are not meant to be two things jammed together.  Our physical being makes us of 2 minds, and severing the corpus collosum results in us being two people in the same skin.  It seems uniquely human to be a thing and it's opposite.  Humans are the only thing in the world that have an existence separate from the role they play in the physical universe.  Perhaps that dual nature of humanity requires us to be all things and it is unhealthy to deny one aspect of the self.  I seem to have talked my way around to a very old eastern idea which I never saw myself approaching when I started this discussion.  Since others who are more knowledgeable have talked about this at length I think I will exit here.  It is curious however that eastern medicines approach sickness with the sort of dual ideas that I mentioned above.