Date: May 25, 2004 04:10 AM  Subject: hello  Body: I know how the excruciating pain of losing the one you love to someone else can incinerate all your dreams and hopes in life. I had been in a similar situation and somehow I felt your pain (which is odd enough because I’m one of/ if not the lone cause of that pain.) I wanted you to know that…so I…reached out. I emailed you, not out of spite but out of the fact that I am after all that woman on the other side of the ring. Between us two, there exists no villain. We are merely victims of life’s sense of humor. But we must see it through, our fate, what brought us here, the best way we know how. And I coped most cruelly by extending my friendship to you. Been so naïve to assume that of you. I really should have given you more space back then... It was all too soon for you and I should have respected that. =)   Our paths crossed once, during your Edsoc concert. Remember? Was debating with myself if I should pretend that I didn’t see you or ignore you or smile at you. Well, I never had the chance to resolve that variance because you never looked my way. Though, I'm on foreign ground and amongst people who could be nursing a secret hate for me, despite our previous correspondence and your blatant hate for me and regardless of the fact that you were with your support group, I really would have opted to smile. =)   Now, what I would love to see is for Joel and your other orgmates (your friends whom he felt empathized with you during your break-up and judged his actions without even talking to him) reconcile. You know how he can be so unforgiving. The only people he has been keen on seeing are Gigi and JFabs. I want Joel to keep his old friends. How are they anyway? Are they still mad? (Haven’t met most of them and yet I feel as if they all hate me) Gigi, in a way has become distantly cold, but polite, towards me, which was so different to the way she used to respond to me. She's confused (these are all unjustified assumptions…I could be wrong) maybe...she may be thinking that if she gets too “friendly” with me she would, in an obscure way, be betraying your friendship. But I give her that because she's your friend. =)   Joel’s doing okay... he just hates the fact that he can’t accept any Theater/TV acting job. He had to turn down a lot of opportunities/auditions/casting calls because of his work. You’re right about media being his passion…sometimes I think, he’s more of a starlet than I am. =) He’s too stoic to be a brilliant actor but that same quality can turn him into an outstanding “news man”. I try my best to indulge him with whatever he wants.  I’m like his yaya, mother, fashion consultant, stage girlfriend, and critic combined. It’s so funny how he can be so helpless and unassuming sometimes. Not that I enjoy his vulnerability, it just makes me feel needed. He’s like a little boy really…big dreams, big hopes… =)   Fate and love has a weird sense of humor...nakakatawa dahil parehong tayo ang punchline. =)No matter how difficult or impossible the situation seems to be if it’s written in the stars, it will get better. It does feel good to be rid of hate, is it not? =) Btw, I saw your page. I see you’re fond of movie lines. I have been compiling movie lines and dialogues since I was fourteen, one of my many quirks.   “Choices are like connecting highways. They all take you to the same place. Some just take longer to get there.”  ~ Ione Skye, DREAM FOR AN INSOMNIAC   Send you more soon =)   P.S.  I still get the usual pang-haharas; from anonymous texts, crank calls, ims (instant messages), emails, kahit friendster di pinaligtas…had to change my mobile number and my home phone number because of that. Don’t want to go into details anymore as it could start another fire. Inexplicably, I somehow learned to just shrug it off. (I think I failed to respond about this matter in my previous mail)