TimeSplitters 2 Review   I recently posted a review of TimeSplitters 2 on GameFAQs and GovGaming and I thought I'd share it with you.   TimeSplitters 2 is a fast paced first-person-shooter designed by the same people that brought you Goldeneye and Perfect Dark, Free Radical. It's main focus is multiplayer and TS2 probably one of the best first-person-shooters I have ever played!  Story- 7/10 Okay.... TimeSplitters 2 does not have much of a story. The main focus of this game is multiplayer. In the Story mode, there are 10 different missions to complete, each in a different time zone and location. The missions are all objective-based. You can play on Easy, Normal, and Hard. Easy is like the name suggests... easy and you only have to complete several objectives in each mission and they are usually relatively easy. However, Normal is a big step up from Easy, and includes new objectives and improved AI. Normal is overall more fun but for beginner players, it might be a bit too difficult. Now on to the hard mode. Let me say this, Hard is really, really, tough. I'm almost tempted to say impossible (at least for me). It seems as if the AI cheats and you have to rely on pure luck to clear a mission (Atom Splitters is a perfect example of this.) I wish there was a difficulty level that was in between Normal and Hard. The story mode is fun and all, but those looking for a in-depth story like Halo or Half-Life will most likely be disappointed. The story mode might satisfy you for a while but the multiplayer is where this game really shines.  Gameplay- 10/10 Gameplay is what matters most, and luckily, TimeSplitters 2 does it well. I think the controls are very well done and easy for someone to use even if they have never played a FPS in their life. If you don't like the control setup, you could always customize it to however you see fit TimeSplitters 2 is the fastest FPS I have ever played, and it runs constantly at 60 frames per second with no slow downs. The weapons are also really good in this game. There are weapons from every era, such as the old Vintage Rifle and the futuristic Plasma Autorifle and Homing Launcher. There are over 20 weapons in all, and I doubt you'll get bored with them! Now the multiplayer, what this game does better than any other FPS on the market. There are 126 characters you can play as, most have to be unlocked by going through Story mode and Arcade League (a tournament type mode that has you completing scenarios at three different difficulties, this is one single player mode TS2 does well) You can play as many different humans, as well as odd dudes like a duck, bear, zombie, and best of all, a monkey! There are 16 game modes to choose from, these include standard modes like Deathmatch, and Capture The Flag, as well as unique modes like Monkey Assistant (where the losing player gets monkeys to help them) and Vampire (health is constantly decreasing and you must kill people to regain it). The multiplayer mode can be greatly customized and if you have no one to play with, you can add up to 12 bots. You can also make your own maps with the MapMaker, a first for console FPS's! For anybody who enjoys multiplayer in FPS games, TS2 is the game for you! It is a great game to play with friends (or bots) and although it does not have online play, you can link up for LAN play.  Graphics- 8/10 TimeSplitters 2 has cartoon-like graphics, but it suits the type of game TS2 is well. All the levels look pretty good, although they could've have been done a little better. The weapons all look sweet, and most of the characters do too.   Sound- 9/10 The sound effects in TS2 are really well done. The gunshots, explosions, grenades etc. sound realistic. The music is also top-notch with the ability to pick songs from TS1 and TS2 to play in multiplayer mode. Some of the songs sound virtually the same though, which is the only problem I have. Don't be expecting Final Fantasy caliber music in this game (I don't think any game can top FF music) but it is still nice.  Replay Value- 10/10 There are lots of things to unlock in TimeSplitters 2 and it will keep you busy for a real long time. I have been playing this game for weeks, and I'm not even close to unlocking everything this game has to offer. Although I gave it a 10/10, I do have one minor problem. Some of the stuff is really hard to unlock! For example, in order to unlock the level "Site" you must beat the game on hard which is one impossible feat (especially for me). But, this isn't really the game's fault, it's just that I'm not good enough.  Overall- 10/10 (not an average) TimeSplitters 2 is an extremely fast first-person-shooter that will keep you entertained for months! I recommend this to any FPS fan, you will be surprised how good this game really is! It is available on PS2, XBOX, and Gamecube.