hello,  well i went to a going away party last night for an english girl named miranda.  she's moving to chiang mai to study a form of massage.  we had a great time.  almost all of the people i know in thailand were there so it was nice to be around a large group of people and know the names of more than one person.  also, i met a few new people who were all wonderful.  the club was playing awful american music.  i even caught myself dancing to  britney spears!  i can't believe i just admitted to that.  no laughing.  i'm going to blame it on the singha (thai beer).  which btw is pronounced sing.  i have on idea why they add the -ha to the end.  i've been being a good girl and going to the gym everyday.  it's actually an american branch called california.  they have gyms in hong kong, sydney, dallas, and california (imagine that).  it's nice because they use pounds on all the equipment.  well i think i mentioned the large sex scene in thailand in my last message. what i forgot to include was that there is a long history of katoeys (or ladyboys) in thailand.  personally, i always have to have them pointed out to me.  i'm so naive about things like that.  also, with many of them it is impossible to tell.  i would think they could fool most men.  that's all the thailand details i can think of for now. however, i have noticed a few changes in myself:  1. i now say university instead of college because that's what everyone else uses.  this is worldwide not just thai. sometimes i get confused looks from europeans when i say college.  also, an american girl, nancy from virginia, and i were talking today and we both laughed at ourselves for saying university to each other.  2. i've begun to say i'm doing well instead of i'm doing good.  i've always known that it was improper english but it's just so accepted in the states.  3. when asked where i'm from is say america because most thai have only heard of the mississippi river.  i'm just as bad with their geography.  i going to get a big map of thailand so i can look up all the places i hear people talk about.  it's annoying being so ignorant about the country i'm living in.  i really should have done more research into the culture before coming here.  i have begun reading a book about the history of thailand so i guess that's a start.  4. my accent in going quickly.  since i teach conversational english i have to work on enunciating every word.  now it only comes out after a couple of singhas.  i do however still use many southern phrases such as ya'll and fixin' to.  it makes my coworkers laugh.  well, i've gotta run.  i'm not sure what my plans are for tonight.  i might just stay in and read my book.  love all ya'll.  hope you mississippians are enjoying the summer.  it's actually been very nice the past few days here.  i hope it stays that way.  jane