this is the  VERY BASIC PLOT LINE  of "EMOPERA":  characters:  girl1: main character  mom: main character's mother  dad: main character's father  grandma: main character's grandma  girl2: main character's best friend who backstabs her.  g2bf: girl2's boyfreind  guy1: main character's first crush  girl3: main character's friend  guy2: main charater's best guy friend who turns into boyfriend   PART I:  high maintenance girl1 turns "emo" when parents split. she moves in with her grandma cuz she cant take it no mo. she starts going to a new school.   she meets girl2. she introduces her to her boyfriend (g2bf) and her friends (guy1) (girl3) and girl1 immediately falls for him. girl1 tells girl2 that she likes guy1.   girl1, girl2, guy1, g2bf and girl3 hang out. girl2 isnt a great influence on girl1 but girl2 is the only friend girl1 has so she jus sticks around but does not copy girl2's habbits.   girl1 meets guy2 at a show later on (it turns out that guy1 and guy2 were once best friends but some "unknown drama" happened between them. they become friends.   girl1's birthday. her friends come over to grandmas for a small get together. girl1 notices that theres a tension between guy1 and guy2 but doesnt say anything. grandma starts to question girl1's friends and says that girl2 isnt a good influence but she over looks it.   girl2 backstabs girl1 by kissing guy1 right in front of her and cheating on g2bf at the same time and theres nothing she can do about it.   girl2 gets caught with drugs and goes to jail.   PART II:  g2bf likes girl3 but girl3 ignores g2bf so he also pays attention to girl1. guy1 tries to help g2bf get with girl3 but ends up liking girl3 so he tries to make g2bf like girl1 so he can get to girl3. girl1 confesses to guy1 but he turns her down. girl1 still likes guy1.   when girl1 figures out whats going on, she confronts guy1 but he doesnt care. she calls guy2 for comfort (who helped her through everything). guy2 confesses he likes her and out of her distrought, girl1 gets with him.   there is a "scare" or 2 that girl1 may like guy1 still but they are overlooked.   grandma dies but her mom moves into her grandmas house to be with her girl1.   girl3 ends up cheating on guy1 with g2bf and finally starts to like girl1 but its too late. girl1 still kinda likes guy1 but she tries not to believe it.   finally guy1 confesses to girl1 and she ends up cheating on guy2 with guy1. guy2 walks in on it. guy1 and guy2 get in a fight. cops come and arrest all 3 of them.   PART III:  in the jail, girl1 starts talkin to girl2 again (they end up in the same or adjacent cells). cleaned up girl2 apologizes for everything and gives her advice on whether to choose guy1 or guy2. she explains the drama that happened between guy1 and guy2 in the past.   girl1, guy1, and guy2 get bailed out by thier parents. charges are dropped.   girl1 and guy2 talk and resolve everything. in the end, g2bf is with girl3, girl1 is with guy2, guy1 is alone, girl2 becomes a dedicated morman. mom and dad are still separated but are not unhappy.    ***PLEASE COMMENT.    1. what should the characters names be?  2. what should that piece of drama between guy1 and guy2 be?  3. what do you think so far?  4. what songs would you think are appropriate for which parts of the "EMOPERA"?  5. any other comments. please be as open as you wish.