Ok, about an hour ago I realized that the last post I contributed was half-assed.  It took me that long to get my shit together in order to make a better effort (that should tell you something), and in the mean time, I went to see if my blog had been posted on blogscanada.ca yet.  When I registered, I was gazillionth in line to be approved and posted, and I haven't checked back since.  That was only in December, so I figured I might still be in line... but apparently no! I am on there!  And.... they have the little thumb next to my site, to indicate "site favorite".  Are you crazy!  That's insane!  I am a retard!  What kind of responsible website would actually send people my way?  Anyway, after that, I was certain that a better effort was necessary.  So here it is.  So last week, I went out with my new friend Katherine.  We went to what I fear is the last Retro Night at the Marquee.  The Marquee has closed its doors for a month and a half to renovate, and the rumor is that the new look is meant to inspire rampant hooking-up.  Just what Halifax needs, another meat market.  Anyway, we were out with a bunch of her friends, which was fine.  Actually, they were all really nice, but I have a bit of social anxiety sometimes when I am afraid my outfit isn't cool enough.  I am shallow, and often judge people on what they wear, so I assume people are doing the same to me.  Katherine introduced me to Keith, who was fucking gorgeous.  He was also thin, attractive, and well-dressed.  Being in Halifax, this means that Keith was probably gay, and of course the fact that I found him attractive was the clincher.  However, finding people attractive, and being attracted to someone are different things, and I am a smarty (most of the time), so I was really scoping him for Joe.  They would make a wicked attractive couple.  Anyway, I asked Katherine if he was gay, and she said that he was but not out of the closet yet.  In fact, Keith has yet to admit that he is gay.  Now this brings something up.  Perhaps he's not actually gay.  I mean, he fits the profile.  In fact, Keith is a "hair designer", his roommate is gay, and he was casting some sidelong glances at Willis, Katherine's rather delicate-looking, adorable straight friend. So even to me, it's obvious that Keith likes boys.  However, if Keith still likes girls, "coming out" might be harder than it looks.  How do you admit to people that you like everyone?  I can understand straight, I can understand gay, but bisexuality is something more marginal than either of those sexual orientations.  In fact, the word orientation inplies that you are pointing in one direction or the other.  I think alot of people don't even believe in bisexuality, like it's a cop out for guys who don't want to own the gay lifestyle, or girls who are simply tired of guys' bullshit (HELLO!).  I think I was leaning in that direction until before Joe told me he was bi.  I mean, Joe *is* living the gay lifestyle, but has recently admitted liking girls.  How do you come out all over again?  "Hi guys.  Remember when I told you I didn't like girls?  I was wrong.  I like both boys and girls."  Particularly when a large proportion of your friends are gay, as in Joe's case.  I don't even think he has really told anyone.  I don't *know* how his gay friends would react, but I can imagine there are a few who would behave worse than Joe's straight friends when he told them he was gay.  Kudos to Keith for waiting until he has figured things out.  And I am now in a position to appreciate his apprehension.  I would like to take this opportunity to throw my support toward everyone who has declared their bisexuality, and apologize for my past prejuidice - love should not be constained by the likes of me.