My job interview went well on Monday, and I know that I was one of four or five candidates for this position.  I knew everybody on the committee, and therefore I felt very comfortable during the interview.  What threw me off was when the Assistant Principal informed me that he would call with news by  no later than Wednesday morning.   So this morning came and went (in addition to a very long Tuesday).  I felt like a lawyer after making my final summation before the case is turned over to the jury.  There I was, trying to prove my innocence, my worth to a committee of seven people.  Six women and one man.  Five teachers, one consultant teacher, and one Assistant Principal.  Seven Caucasian people (at least I think they all were).  These people were charged with determining whether or not my argument, my case, was either fact or fiction.  Did I mention how the wait was torture?  It's common knowledge that the longer the jury takes to deliberate, the more likely a defendant is found "not guilty".  If you are looking for a conviction, you want a jury to be quick and relentless to come to their decision, so that there is no time to actually think things over and discuss them.  You want your evidence to be so overwhelming that the jury is convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that you are good enough to work with them.  The longer the wait, the greater the chance that you won't get the conviction that you are looking for.   These thoughts rang true tonight...   At about 7 PM, a good friend phoned my fiance with news that one of the jury members was introduced to the new long-term sub today (the job that I applied for).  Needless to say, it was not me whom met this woman.  What really made this sting for me is that somebody took the time to phone this candidate and inform her of her success, took the time to introduce her as the newest edition to this team of teachers,  and yet not one ounce of effort was made to inform me via the telephone of my position with the team.  Nobody took the time to actually keep their promise of letting me know where I stood with these teachers, with this school by the Wednesday morning deadline.   That stung.  A lot.    It's not that I don't approve of their selection.  She's a great person and obviously the "jury" felt that they were doing what was best for the school.  She has more experience than I, and since I know her, I believe that her selection was the right way to go.  I don't harbor any ill-will towards the committee either, as many of them were a pleasure to work with as a sub, and two of them even knew me from when I was in kindergarten!  These are great teachers and it is obvious to me that they know what they are doing.  I support their decision as much as I support them.  What I don't support is the fact that I had to find out about my fate from a third-party.  A source that heard on a whim about this situation during a chance meeting at a picnic.  If she hadn't heard about this then, would I still be waiting for a phone call, wondering about my fate tomorrow or the next day?  Would a phone call ever come?  A letter?  Anything?  At least I was fortunate enough to receive the verdict.  Now I can wash my hands of this situation and move on with the rest of my Summer.  Something will work out.  I know it will.