and no i'm not talking about Jeff Gordon's car...   Ok so nothing happened today.. and by nothing i mean.. i wasted 2 hours of my life at walmart and got stared at by older guys and attacked by little mexican kids. no matter when i go to walmart there is a hispanic family with 4 or 5 kids.. and the youngest one is pushing the cart. and not doing a good job mind you. it's usually into the aisle or my ass.. and what's with the random ppl asking me if i've been saved. if someone would save me i wouldn't be talking to lunatics at walmart! i probably wouldn't be at walmart period.. but they offer to pray for me and hope that i live a good life... moving on.. about these guys.. omg why are breasts so cool? i think i'm gonna say something to the next guy i catch looking at them.. like "yours are bigger.. i'm jealous!" or "stare long enough and they'll do a trick" or my fav come back of all time.. "yer mom" (only the special ppl i know will get that.. the rest of you well you suck). i'm gonna start going around staring at guys dicks.. but see women have more couth and we can refrain from degrading them.. in front of their faces.. haha. i love boys. they are so cute. how much fun would it be if they were perfect?    ok so if you lasted this long you get to read some funnies i found... at least i thought they were funny but i'm easily amused..    ~How come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?  ~A good friend will come and bail you out of jail...but, a true friend will be sitting next to you saying, "Damn...that was fun!"  ~I signed up for an exercise class and was told to wear loose-fitting clothing. If I HAD any loose-fitting clothing, I wouldn't have signed up in the first place!  ~When I was young we used to go "skinny dipping," now I just "chunky dunk."  ~Wouldn't it be nice if whenever we messed up our life we could simply press 'Ctrl Alt Delete' and start all over?  ~Wouldn't you know it...Brain cells come and brain cells go, but FAT cells live forever.  ~If you can read this, thank a teacher....and since it's in English, thank a soldier.