Hello everyone. I have been so busy. I keep having problems with this keyboard switching to Hiragana on me.  I was taken out to dinner for sushi and beer and  it was delicious. It was me and Masayuki~san, my supervisor, and Ako~san who works in the office and my neighbor, Yoshida~sensei who also teaches at school.  Somehow they convinced me to sing some country music (I sang Patty Loveless ). Then we went to the supermarket (also know as the Supa)  .  I got some Cocoa Krispies, milk, OJ , and stuff for spaghetti. Really nothing Japanese, but Yoshida-sensei says he`ll teach me how to make onigiri (rice balls).    They taught me how to say  sweet (amaii) and seaweed (nori). Today I woke up and washed clothes and learned how to use the hot water heater to shower and fill up the bath.  I wish I was having as good of luck with this keyboard. I read my predecessor:s notes and learned about the satelite tv I have in my room (2 guys came and put it up my room along with my air conditioner yesterday). Today I got my Inkan ( or stamp/seal of my name to sign official documents with, like the power bill and bank stuff). I also set up a bank account and met many official people, like the headman at each of the schools. Hopefully I can get signed up for the calling program to call long distance so I can talk to some of you on the phone. (so far I:ve been relying on free phone cards from the orientation.) Oshima is really a very beautiful though very hot place.  I may need stronger deoderant in a place like this.   I have been able to undertand some things people are saying in Japanese conversations, but usually I am lost.  I hope I can practice and learn much Japanese and　be a good teacher while I`m here, but I`m not discouraged yet, cause it:s only my second day !  Today also, I talked with Masayuki^san about traveling home for Winter holidays and also going to see the Kodo drummers on Sado island very soon in August. I said hello to some Jr. High students today, and they are so darned cute! There seems to be so much to do everyday, but mostly people are very nice  and say relax! I haven`t driven my car yet, but I`m still learning where everything is. I have a desk at both the Junior High and the Board of Education and I`ll be working from 8:15 until 4:15 everyday. I think the hardest thing is learning so many people`s names. I admit, I don`t remember very many. My brain has a small learning curve right now with so much newness. But hey, I can get Sky Perfect TV where I can watch both Cartoon Network and Japanese anime so I will definately be okay. Everyone is excited that they will get to meet my family and boyfriend in the spring, as foreigners are a commodity. I am the first American here so I gots to represent! Now I just look forward to  finding a Yukata (like a kimono only light cotton for summer), and going to natsu~matsuri (summer festivals) If I don:t get internet soon in my apartment ( I may want to see how much the first bills are that are automatically taken out of my account for rent, and electric and gas and car insurance, then I`ll work on putting images from my vid camera on a disk and bringing them to the office. I hope all is well with all. Please take care of yourselves, Please take care of my fish, Please send me email. If you want my cell phone number please write to my email address(if I know you that is). Hee hee. Much love from Oshima village!