I found an interesting new pastime that costs about £4.70 and is harmonious with owning a London underground tube "travel card". I shouldn't say I found it as I really just made it up due to boredom and an being the proud owner of a slight used but still-in-good-cond, overactive imagination. The pastime or game - if you will; is basically a good way to increase your local knowledge of tubes and streets and general London area knowledge. It also will give you a good sense of direction once you have done it enough times.   Here's how it works:  Rules  1) You should have in your possession a Travel card that does at least Zones 1,2,3 & 4 this usually costs (as mentioned above) around£4-5.  2) You shouldn't in any hurry to be anywhere.  3) You should be in possession of a relatively open mind.  4) You should probably give yourself around 4 hours to complete this pastime.  5) You should also be prepared to feel a little like a stalker.   Method  1) Locate the nearest tube entrance. Enter tube and locate a suitable target commuter that is not you*.  2) Choose one aspect of target that will be to some degree easily found on more than just this target commuter. E.g. slight limp, brown hair, round spectacles or gold cuff links etc etc. in my case white shoes with black stripes was a good initial starting attribute, choosing someone that has a facial scar in the shape of Jimmy Hendricks is probably not a good first choice as you will soon see why in the next step.  3) Follow Chosen target on to tube and ride the tube with them until they get off.  4) Follow target to next tube ride and repeat step 3 - 4 or  5) If target moves to exit. Follow target out through exit.  If your target eventually goes out an exit way -give yourself one point. Remember what the attribute was for latter on but for now:  Take a look around enjoy the sights, though try not to wonder too far from the tube or get lost, you lose 1 point for this. Familiarise yourself with your surroundings, take note of any landmarks and memorise** the name of your current station.  6) Once you have had enough go back to the station entrance and wait inside the gates until a new target commuter walks in with the same or very similar attributes as the last target. And move on to step 3 and repeat process again.   The game or pastime was just recently invented there will probably be flaws in the rules or the method. And there are a few warnings associate with playing this game.   You can find yourself in the middle of nowhere sometimes, so make sure you play this game during mid dayish, as you may find that you have caught the last train to the end of line station, and in this case you are fairly screwed.  People don't like being followed and usually get a little suspicious if you get close enough to count the pimples on their neck, so make sure you are discreet -target commuters are only used for randomness, the goal is not to scare the bejesus out of anyone; especially yourself.  Like with all things in life, you should use common sense at all times; if your target commuter is bigger and hairier than a gorilla and looks like the kind of person to whom the word friend is a one starting with the letter d then this is probably not a very good target commuter to follow as he probably isn't going to grandmas for tea and cookies.  Take good walking shoes -preferably water proof ones.  If you find yourself in an uncomfortable situation, smile at someone with a kind of lopsided grin and stare fixedly at their left ear; this usually works quite well and people tend to get a little nervous and walk away.     *You can choose yourself if you like, but this is a bit pointless as you may find yourself walking in tight concentric circles all day.   **Memory is a funny thing, but I find that if you associate the name of the station with something tangible, then it is usually easy to remember. E.g. yesterday I stopped off at a place called Swiss cottage, and immediately I thought of the Swiss and Cottage cheeses. So there you go I stopped off at a small round plastic tub filled with something smelly and curdled.