i had a nice day...  i figured my day would really be nice if i said so... heehee...  i've just realized that thewhole day, i didn't talk about jammi. i figured i would just get all upset and teary if i talked about him. but it doesn't really mean i didn't think about him because i did, a lot, actually. i just really miss him so much.   i'm gonna be taking a big step tomorrow and on wednesday. tomorrow, monique and i are going to try out for the badminton team. i'm really excited but kinda anxious, too. then on wednesday, i'll be tryin out for the basketball team but monique isn't sure if she's gonna be coming with me. i guess she's still traumatized because she gave up the last time. but. hey, she tried, that's why it was called a try-out, duh...  i'm proud to be a filipino. earlier we ate at mcdonald's and the valets were so sweet polite. when we were going to the car, they shared their umbrella with us and one of them even greeted me. then when i entered the car and thanked him, he even said, "ingat kayo, ma'am.[take care, ma'am]". i couldn't help but smile at such a simple gesture. i guess no matter how bad our economy is becoming, there are still a lot of small things that make our country really nice...  *** paula is so lucky to be kuya mico's girlfriend. i could feel that he truly loves her very much. it all happened last night... i was trying to download the mIRC but i didn't know how to install it nor how to use it. fortunately, kuya mico went online so i asked for his help. it took us almost an hour to finally get it right. turns out it was my fault because i was in too much hurry that i kept overlooking the folder we were looking for. man, how stupid am i? anyway, he was really patient and really nice. then before i went, i asked him to say hi to jammi for me and tell him i miss him so much. then he asked me if i really loved jammi so i said yes, of course i do. then he asked if i was sure, i said yes, i am. then he asked me if i loved jammi just as much as he loved paula so i asked how he loved paula. he told me he loved paula so much that he couldn't help watching over her all the time. gosh, it sent me into another kilig state. then i said i do. then i assured him that i would always take care f his friend. then he said he wasn't worried about that, it was something else. i got all worried but he told me to relax when i sleep and that was really nice of him.   paula came to school earlier. she won't be starting her school until next monday. when she came, i was so impressed because she was wearing make-up and it looked good on her. then we got into the talking about her boyfriend and my boy friend. i guess the two guys have a lot in common. and she told me that jammi told her that his fave song is so slow so he's going to court me slowly. wow, how sweet. i just wish... he was here...  *** i'm changing..gradually, i could keep my smile for a whole day and i haven't been a bad mood. yay!