Four years in the Marines gave me something that is ironically being taken away by school--and that is an open and free mind--thoughts that are constantly creative, born solely of my own mind, having been influenced by outside sources by the smallest and most insignificant of levels.  It is ironic because a military life--especially one in the Marine Corps infantry, is stereotyped as one without freedom of thought--as a place that brain washes and indoctrinates its subjects so that they are nearly mindless automatons.  I admit that in some aspects, I was very similar to others.  In some ways, I looked alike, behaved alike, talked alike, and even thought alike many of the Marines around me.  But the Corps only needs you to conform in some ways, and in others, I needed to break free.  When it came to thinking about the only philosophical text I was familiar with--the first book of Plato's Republic--when it came to thinking about its subject--the various understandings of Justice--I was on my own.  When it came to freedom, metaphysics, ethics, knowledge, God, group thinking, feminism, Descartes's Cogito, the self, the soul, fate, foreign policy--I was on my own, and I did think about them in such a way that was driven only by the Socratic and Cartesian methods of questioning and doubting everything.  The University, where my mind was supposed to be set free, burdened me with knowledge, and now, when I am asked, "what is good?" "what is happiness?" "what is love?" my mind instinctively follows the reasoning and explanations offered by Plato, Aristotle, Mill, Kierkegaard, Kant, Nietzsche, etc., and I do not go through the effort of discovering an answer for myself.  I do not necessarily care if it is any different than those that preceded me (although that would be nice), but I would like my answer to have been discovered because I discovered it by my own creative thinking.  My mind is caged and shackled by this knowledge--by this education.  Naively, if you would have asked me a few days ago if I had a free and open mind, I probably would have said something like "I feel as though I do, but I certainly have biases and habits that I am not quite aware of," or on another day, I may have simply said, or at least thought because the truth sounded unbelievable and ridiculous, that yes, I do have a free and open mind.  The caged animal often forgets what it is to be free, or that it is valuable.  Monday night, I felt the cage and escaped for a few hours.  After more reading and eight hours of classes, I am back in, but I can at least remember that there is a freedom that is somehow beyond my grasp, and I have made my cell just a little bit bigger--allowing for just a little more freedom.