addison fandom .......................  my parents gave us this remake of the "Jesus" movie -- the one that missionaries cart all over the world to show in villages where we don't have time to learn about their cultures or languages or problems, but that probably need to say the sinners prayer sooner rather than later given the impending end times and all...  (but wait, i digress, apologies to my dispensationalist friends and family for my sarcasm...)  the jesus movie is *way* better than the other two videos that my parents have given me for my kids --  urlLink the cedarmont kids  &  urlLink Ms. Pattycake  (for these two gifts alone, i'm guessing that my parents will languish in Limbo for several years before they find the pearly gates -- who knew that there was anything worse than those dreadfully stepfordian Barney's children -- trust me the cedarmont kids are two levels of hell worse)...BUT....  Addison is obsesed with it.  Anytime there is a question about what we will do next -- where we will go next -- how we should pass our collective time?  His answer?  Let's watch the Jesus Movie.   We were sitting in a restaurant last night and he noticed that they were playing a radio in the background...his idea -- we should go home and bring the Jesus Movie and listen to that instead.   Hey Addison -- want to go outside and play?  Yeah, then we come in side, and eat and watch the Jesus movie.  Me: No, buddy, we've watched enough media this week...  Addison:  Then we go to sleep and wake up and THEN we watch the Jesus Movie.  Me: Add.  You've watched that movie enough.  Why don't we act it out together.   Addison:  we play Jesus movie, the dead part, (his other obsession -- along with Mel), THEN we watch the Jesus movie.   Me: Addison, we're not going to watch the Jesus movie right now.   His entire countenance falls into a mixture between enraged and despondent.   ADDISON: HOW we going to watch it?   Me: You mean, WHEN are we going to watch it?   ADDISON:  HOW we going to watch it?  We never EVER get to watch Jesus movie.  so you take that obsession and braid it with the cultural critics' obsession over the Passion -- and you have a very crucifixion centered lent....