Our garden is thriving on the south side of town in a park I doubt you knew existed.  You are all invited to peruse the lushness and admire it in comparison to neighboring plots.  The park is called Wetherby and is found at the end of Taylor (just East of Broadway) off of Highway 6.  Our plot is number 6.  When you visit, pull a weed or two from the tomato patch if you find any, would you please?   The veggies growing inside our rabbit fencing have made their homes in little rows and on mounds and in patches.  After some time in the sun, bending close to carrot shoots and reaching beneath nervous-system-like broccoli, I have wished that these little living things actually possessed the voices my imagination attributes to them.  I find it somewhat unbelievable that beautiful food can be so simple.  The work we did and nurture we provided was minimal considering the results.    What’s new in the garden?  The tomatoes are staked, morning glories are planted along the back fence, corn is sprouting, one pepper plant has produced a single pepper, we’ve harvested a few onions and sautéed them for wonderful pasta sauces using the greens of the leaves as well as the onions themselves.  Old news: the rabbit fence continues to protect the lettuces (whose imaginary plant voices resemble your corpulent eldest auntie), fried green tomatoes are anticipated in our kitchen by the end of June, and a neighboring gardener offered praise on the pleasing appearance of our plot.    In other news: I’ve been putting many of your leftovers and left-behinds to rather tasty use.  Upon their moves Tom and Leigh gave me a crock-pot, Grant and Kate a food processor and spices, and someone left in my freezer a package of turkey bratwurst.  In the crock I simmered the turkey brats for hours in two cans of beer with whole cloves of garlic and sprinklings of several other spices.  The tender and flavorful result will never be exactly duplicated, as I don’t record my recipes.    Enough for now?  Probably.  Sorry for my laxity in posting.  I make no promises to be a better blogger, though you may all be assured that I wish I were.