Ok I'll start out by giving a shout out to my friend Mike.  Who incidentally happens to be the same Mike Nawar on my comments section.  Anyway if ever there was a good guy friend he was it.  Always ready to drink, party, talk bad about women and make off color jokes.  Actually now that I think of it he Jack and I were all in the same frat.  Since he has some free time on his hands I've invited him to Korea so maybe you guys over here will get to meet him.  Hey man you were in both derivative securities and management of financial institutions too.  That's some pretty cool stuff.  Oh the good stories we have together.  What about TNT?  Right on man.   So The Last Samuria might be the best movie ever.  That could be an exaggeration but it is really darn good.  Last night was the first night in forever I didn't end up at GR or any of the like.  I got off of work and hung out with Hey-Sook all night.  We check out the movie and then got some food after.  We went to the sushi place call yoo-may.  It means dream in Japanese.  I haven't been here since I was there with Caleb, Helen, Shannon, his girlfriend and whoever else.  This would be about a year ago to put it into perspective.  The food was great, I haven't had sushi in forever.  I'm listening to The Last Samurai soundtrack as I type, again really good stuff.  You guys should all check it out.  I'm a sucker for the hero, honor, code of the warrior kind of movies.  Still this was pulled of very well.  After yoo-may we hit Bellagio for a drink.  I think I need to put Bellagio on the back burner for a little.  I end up there a lot it seems.  It is my favorite place to drink but still.  I think Connan must think I'm nuts b/c of course he is always working so I talk to him every time there.  We called it a night after that.  After that it was a night. Today was tame.  I hung out downtown and chilled.  I hit the bookstore to look up stuff on Shanghai.  I read the lonely planet thing but I didn't feel it helped out too much.  I was a little annoyed b/c it seems someone, or multiple someones, have bought up all the lonely planet books on southeast Asia.  I've been thinking seriously about just traveling around after I finish since I'll have time and money.  I was hoping to read about Vietnam or Cambodia or somewhere, but alas no.  I think kicked it Seattle's total foreigner style.  Yeah that's all.  I just can't wait for the vacation. I think I've decided to start caring less about stuff that doesn't matter and I can't control.  I've only got about 3 more months here and I'm going to make sure I enjoy it all.  I guess I'm tired of some of the social conditions that exist here amongst some of the foreign crowd.  I feel I'm a very PC and polite but I feel this is over looked and/or unappreciated.  Honestly I don't think it matters at all.  I think I've brought myself more misery acting this way than not.  But what do I know?  I just don't have it in be to be a jerk but at the same time I shouldn't be subjected to those I don't like.  At what point do you draw the line between doing what you want to do, saying what you want to say and acting the way you want to act, and being a complete ass?  I don't know.  I sound unhappy  but I'm not, I guess I'm just rambling.  Still need to sleep better, but I don't know how to.  I exercise, eat well and go to bed at a decent hour.  You figure it out.  Korea can wear even the strongest man down, I think that is why I need a break.  Life here is like a dream, it surely isn't the real world as I know it, many things will attest to that.  I hope my trip to Shanghai will be the breath of fresh air that I need.  I've been doing a lot of thinking lately about what I want out of life.  At this point I can still do pretty much anything I want to do.  I'm young, I have an education, I've proven I can provide for myself and sustain myself but  I don't have any direction.  Life was so easy until I graduated college.  You just followed a path but now that path has ended.  On one had it is my greatest problem but on the other it is my biggest opportunity.  I have so many directions I can walk, all I need to is choose.  It is just that the choice is the problem.  If it is one thing living in Korea has made me realize it's that time melts away so fast.  One year gone, 6 more months gone, next thing I'll be 40.  What is scary is I can feel myself getting older and I can recognize things in my life are changing.  By that I mean my priorities are changing, my way of thinking and my view on the world in general.  This is scary.  I was telling Caleb today about something I read call the paradox of happiness.  The idea is that the happier you are the less happiness you can experience.  I wonder if this is true.  It seems to make sense on paper at least.  Seems lately so many people around me are unhappy with their life here in Korea.  Some for certain reasons, some for others.  This has made me think about what would really make me happy with myself and in life.  The only conclusion I've come to is that happiness is really hard work, but definitely achievable.  When I first came back I wasn't brightest or the bright, but with some time and effort I've managed to really pull everything together.  On the same token I try to think about what makes me unhappy.  I think people strive for bliss to the point they are blind.  I've found half the battle is avoiding what you don't like, as simple as it sounds.  If you can eliminate what you don't like, whether it's being around someone or a situation it goes so far.  Ok this soundtrack is really good.  I don't know what I'm saying any more, but I think I can be entitled to one deep moment on my blog.  I'm thankful for what I've got and to those who gave it to me.  I just hope I don't waist it.  Man I don't know where all this came from but don't read into it too much.   Becky I wanted to put that thing on my page too but when I checked it out it said my most sexy feature was "my boobs."  So yeah I'm gonna leave it be.  I think there might be a guys night out on Tues. but I'm not coordinating it.  I've got plans.  If it materializes let me know and I'll join up later.