It really is extremely cold for July.  I'm originally from deepest darkest Scotland, so you know when I put on a sweater, I ain't playing.  But it feels practically autumnal.  After a beautiful May and an iffy June, July is shaping up to be pretty poor.  So I am sat here, typing, looking out of the window.  It's not even my window - no, tonight (and yesterday and tomorrow) I have to give up my cozy little room and stay in one of the other houses.  Odd, especially as I'd just gotten used to the last room!  It's really dark out there.  Inside the house I can hear the creaks as the house settles, adults brushing their teeth and phoning loved ones to say goodnight, kids sleeping heavily in strange beds.  But outside is noiseless, still, eerie.  From here I can see the music block, it's lone security lamp a bright beacon against the deep dark around the rest of the view.  We are usually spoilt with lighter skies in the summer, but tonight (at just gone 11), the sky is midnight blue, with a deep pink haze in the west as the final few warm bits of sunlight flicker and fade away.  Whenever I look out of a window, I always think of who else might be doing so, and once I've numbered my family and friends, I always wind up pondering the same people - the men in my life, past and present.  Yep, the same people I think of when it's rainy, or last thing at night, or when I've had a little too much wine.  Who else is under that shy?  Is Tim looking up there now?  If he is, I bet he's not thinking of me.  I can't believe I fouled it up so comprehensively with him.  I really liked him and I guess he liked me (well, so much that he came out and said so), but then it all hit the fan.  I just hope he knows I care about him, and I hope we can salvage what was essentially a good friendship, before "relationship" stuff got in the way.  Al's out there somewhere too - ah, the one that never was.  Such a good friend, but I think he's destined to be forever and always, the man that got away.  There were a couple of moments where I thought - maybe - dancing together, walking arm in arm, discussing jokingly our marriage in our thirties.  Foolishness, I know, but sometimes in the wee small hours it's those warm and fuzzies that I depend on to keep me warm.  There are others too - men I've cared about, men I've hurt, men I've used, men who've made me cry, men who've kissed me till my lips tingled, men who have given me a glimpse of who I might really be - and men who have done all of the above.  Who's next on the list?  I am tired of kissing frogs!  The last person I had as a proper boyfriend was back in high school, and I don't even have anyone to crush on (except the aforementioned Tim and Al, bith of whom I would hazard are now firmly part of "the friend zone").  I want someone to call my own, not another to just kiss and dismiss.  I always get rid of them - will I ever learn to trust?  I hope so.  Current music: "Let Your Love Flow" on my 1st mix from JW.  Nice. Current mood: reminiscent, longing, dreamy. Last person spoke to:  Daphne (looking for a mosue), Cat (reclaiming the laptop and saying good night) Kathryn and Louise (signing off). Next:  into PJs, brushing teeth, grabbing teddy bear and sweet, sweet sleep.