Our first anniversary was better than I expected.  We had the most beuatiful hotel room at "Inn at Spanish Head".  The back wall was one big sliding dorr that opened to an ocean view that was almost literally at our door step (except we were 7 stories up.  The inn is built into a costal cliff.  It was such a relaxing time, and I had a hard time leaving.  The most exciting thing was seeing Grey Whales of the coast at Boiler Bay.  We didn't stop to see the whales, but to see the boiler that had exploded on a hip almsot one hundred years ago.  However, we got a much better view.  At least three grey whale spouting, and playing, and one even crested his head a few times.  From John for my anniversary present, I got to pick out a china cup and china luncheoun plate for my collection.  Someday I'll have enough to have quest over for three course meals, or to have teas!!  I got John a shirt.  That doesn't seem very romantic, but that's what he wanted, and men just don't have those romantic type things you can get them, like jewlery, etc.  Oh, and he also got me tow red roses symbolizing the two of us.  His rose was much taller than mine.  Hmm, wonder why =)  Oh, better comment on why I titled this blog "Biological Clock Appears to be Ticking."  Well, for some reason, I'm having these stong urges to want to have a baby.  I mean, everytime I see a baby I want to hold it, play with it, etc.  Lots of my freinds have had babies lately, but many have not yet either.  I really don't want one right now logically.  John and I are planning to start trying in a couple years, and having one around three years from now.  I know that's best, but emotionally/hormonally I feel like I want to be pregnant and I want to have a baby.  This is actually a new thing for me.  I've never been much of a baby person.  I've alwaysed prefered elementary age kids.  That way they can communicate with you, but somethings starting to change with me.  Baby clothes are jsut the cutest things!  Well, at least I'll be goos and ready when that time comes.  I quess I jsut did a lot of personal blabbing, but I quess that's waht this blog is for.  Well. I think I'll stop for now, before this blog ends up being a book. J