As I work with more mathematics students as part of my tutoring job, I realize that I enjoy quantitative studies better than the liberal arts in many ways. Even topics I used to dread - such as Riemann sums, geometry, trigonometry, conic sections, and polar coordinates - now fascinate me. I enjoy solving such problems at this point. Not that I find the humanities boring and useless (so far from the truth), but simply that I wish I had a broader canon of knowledge (one can never know too much).    Now I want to relearn multivariable calculus and finally attain a strong grasp on series representations of functions. I think that I'm going to study linear algebra at either a Cal State or community college in the fall so, if nothing else, I can tutor students in more advanced courses. I should also take some accounting courses in case I decide to pursue taxation or other numbers-oriented areas of corporate law.   I took a slew of classes at Cornell and can think of several more years worth of undergraduate - let alone graduate - courses that I still want to take. Unfortunately, no graduate programs can accomodate all of my educational desires (as there is no single, or clear interdisciplinary, area of study in which I wish to attain a Ph.D).   In spite of the need for gainful employment, I want to be some sort of student forever (at least whatever future career I choose will have a continuing education program).   Being a teacher sucked as a job for me because I did not learn anything new that I found of value - I did not grow as a person from teaching English and science to unappreciative children with severe discipline problems. I became resentful because my students were really obnoxious and had attitudes that were incompatible with mine. One more line on a resume if nothing else, although I still have issues with my former employer (not getting into it until they are fully resolved).  Tutoring is a better fit for me because I work with individuals instead of groups, make good money for my time, have a positive relationship with my employer, and feel as if I have accomplished something by the end of the day. Unlike in a classroom where discipline takes precedence over education, most of my students genuinely want to learn. They come to me because they have difficulty learning certain topics and I help them with the process. Truthfully, I like this work so much that I'd even do it as a volunteer.    I continue to be outside of school as I figure out what to study next, so I'm wasting time that I could use for accredited education. I do learn a tremendous amount in the many hours of time I spend at home - I read several newspapers and magazines online, finished a couple of books recently, work on GMAT practice tests, and perceive my television viewing and mindless web browsing as writing research.   Enough empty analysis for now. Will continue later.