so i'm almost completely moved out of the other place.  i just have some clothes left, some dishes that the boys have been using and have to wash, my bikes, my car wash stuff, and i still need to clean up the pumpkins in the front yard.  shea was acting weird yesterday.  i went there, took a shower and laid down in my old room for a while because i was extremely tired.  a little while later i heard shea's door open and he peeked his head out to look in my room and once he saw i was there he went back in his room.  anyway, since i knew he was up i went over and knocked on his door to see if he wanted to get some lunch...he said sure and then mumbled something i couldn't understand while he went back in his room.  i started packing up my room and noticed that the stuff i had put aside because they belonged to the boys was gone.  so i decided that one of two things must have happened - i either accidentally packed them or while i was over here last night someone must've gone in my room and taken them.  i asked shea if he had seen them and he said that he hadn't.  so i figured i must've packed them.  we finally went to lunch, my treat (although he didn't even thank me), but the whole time we were there he never once looked straight at me.  he never made eye contact but the worst part is the fact that he never even looked towards me.  it was really disheartening.  i guess he must still be mad at me and is just pretending to not be.  i don't know.  anyway, he agreed to come over and see my place when i brought a load over but then right before we were going to go he decided he would go later.  i don't think he ever had any intention to go.  i don't know why he can't just tell me that in the first place if that's the case.  well, i brought a load over, looked through a few boxes that i thought the guys stuff might be in and i couldn't find them.  i finished packing up my stuff and amber came over with her van to help me move everything.  i found shea's blanket that i had been using because it was so cold in the house and i brought it into shea's room and there on his floor was the stuff that had been in my room that he said he hadn't seen and all my missing dishes.  i don't understand why he has to lie about everything.  he could have just said that he saw the stuff in my room and decided to take them so i didn't accidentally pack them.  and the dishes...why pretend he didn't have them?  was it so that they could keep them?  that seems silly to me because they weren't great or anything.  so i went downstairs and told him that i put his blanket in his room and saw my dishes so i took them and that the stuff was on his floor so i didn't accidentally pack them.  he just looked at me like he wanted to kill me for going in his room.  i don't understand.  it's not like i went in his room and took stuff that wasn't mine...or went through stuff of his...or really invaded his privacy.  he seriously has a problem.  i'm still missing my hat and i know he was wearing it 3 nights ago and mike saw it downstairs the night before last but yet it wasn't downstairs and shea pretended like he didn't know there was ever a hat even though he wore it all the time.  i'm sure he has it.  i just hope he decides to give it back before monday because i have to chaperone monday night skiing and i need a hat.  it's sort of frustrating.  i also cleaned out the pantry and took all of the stuff that was mine.  it looked pretty empty when i got done but i honestly didn't take anything that wasn't mine.  there were a lot of spices because i had bought spices to make my quacamole when we first moved in and that was before my parents brought all my stuff up.  when they brought everything, i ended up having duplicates of all the spices because they had been packed with my kitchen stuff.  i even left them some of my duplicate spices, just to be nice.  i also had a lot of stuff in there that took up a lot of room...like my granola, granola bars, cereal, canned fruits & veggies, etc.  anyway, shea came into the kitchen and went "where's all our stuff?" and i said "well, i took everything that was mine" and he replied, "who would've thought that all of that was yours."  he said it in a way that insinuated that i took stuff that wasn't mine, which is ridiculous.  then i said that i didn't take anything of theirs and if he wanted to look through my box of stuff and check that he was more than welcome to and he replied, "you can take whatever you want."  and then i said that my goal wasn't to take stuff that was theirs and he said something about how i can take whatever i think is mine and it doesn't matter if i think stuff of theirs is mine.  he's paranoid or something.  i'm not out to get them or anything, but i think he's the only one that thinks that i am.  *sigh*  well, i guess i should start unpacking or something...and get over to the guys house sometime....so i'm off...