Now I've had the time of my life No I never felt like this before Yes I swear it's the truth and I owe it all to you  'Cause I've had the time of my life and I owe it all to you  I've been waiting for so long Now I've finally found someone To stand by me  We saw the writing on the wall As we felt this magical fantasy  Now with passion in our eyes There's no way we could disguise it secretly So we take each other's hand 'Cause we seem to understand the urgency  just remember  You're the one thing  I can't get enough of  So I'll tell you something  This could be love because  I've had the time of my life No I never felt this way before Yes I swear it's the truth And I owe it all to you  With my body and soul I want you more than you'll ever know  So we'll just let it go Don't be afraid to lose control  Yes I know whats on your mind When you say: "Stay with me tonight."  Just remember You're the one thing  I can't get enough of  So I'll tell you something  This could be love because   'Cause I had the time of my life No I've never felt this way before Yes I swear it's the truth And I owe it all to you 'Cause I've had the time of my life And I've searched through every open door Till I found the truth and I owe it all to you    Now I've had the time of my life No I never felt this way before  Never Felt this way  Yes I swear it's the truth and I owe it all to you  "cause I've had the time of my life No I've never felt this way before Yes I swear it's the truth And I owe it all to you  'Cause I had the time of my life And I've searched through every open door Till I've found the truth and I owe it all to you -------------------------------------------------------------  that is a song of course. i cant write THAT well. crickey. so i'm here listening to some music and just sitting round. i cant belive this! its the second night that i cant sleep. its fuckin 4 in the morning. jebus! well i'm feelin kinda lazy and dont feel like writing anything else. i'm gonna go. watch some leno.  God i LOVE that song!