To give y'all a little insight on me...  Firsts. First car: '91 Dodge Shadow... red... the water pump broke like 4 times and it constantly stalled in the rain First screen name: WickdGreen First self purchased album: Nirvana, "Nevermind" First funeral: a mother of a close family friend... I was about 8 or 9.  My mother wanted to get me used to going to funerals just in case a member of the family died, she didn't want me to be freaked out by a funeral. First pets: Bunny Hops-a-Lot.  I was 4 and my uncle's girlfriend gave her to me.  She was the cutest black bunny, but my parents soon realized that I was really allergic to her.  Instead of giving her to the Humane Society, they set her free in the woods. First piercing/tattoo: Ears at 4.  First tattoo at 18... Japanese character for "strength" on my butt cheek. First credit card:  18, seduced by free stuff in the student center First true love: Dale Kern, first high school boyfriend. First enemy: Christie Smith.  She lived across the street from me and she made fun of me a lot. First musician you remember hearing in your house: It was either Wham! or Hall and Oates.  LASTS. Last car ride: Back from cleaning in Ocean City this afternoon. Last good cry: I cry a lot, but my last good cry was when Pat and I broke up in August. Last library book checked out: Something on Renaissance Art. Last beverage drank: Water Last food consumed: Sourdough pretzels Last crush: On a real person?  Jackson, Ken Strazz's roommate from college.  On a celebrity?  Jake Gyllenhaal!!! Last phone call: I talked to that guy that will continue to remain nameless.  It was a good conversation, though. Last shoes worn: Black flipflops Last cd played: A mix that I burned myself Last item bought: Groceries Last annoyance: Craig Sommers... boys are dumb. Last disappointment: Realizing that boys are dumb. Last time wanting to die: Sometime last June when I was in the throes of depression. Last time scolded: Two days ago by my mom for not mailing packages out. Last shirt worn: Gray Absegami t-shirt Last website visited: Slingo.com Last movie you watched: Hmmm...  Olivier, Olivier... a really weird French flick Last movie bought: Lord of the Rings:  Return of the King Last song i listened to: I can't remember. Last cd you bought: probably the new Blink-182 album Last person you've called: Nameless Boy Last person that's called you: Kristen Last tv show you've watched: Band of Brothers on the History Channel  name: Stephanie  piercings: Ears tattoos: 5 -- one each butt cheek, one each hip, one on back height: 5'4" shoe size: 8 1/2 siblings: None  [DO...] you have a crush on someone: I don't think so. you wish you could live somewhere else: Not really, not right now anyway. you believe in online dating: Not really, but I think you can meet some cool people online.  I don't date them unless I meet them. others find you attractive:  I think so. you want more piercings: I would like to pierce my belly button again.  Well, I wouldn't pierce it myself, I would HAVE it pierced. you like roller coasters: You know it! you write in cursive or print: Print  [FOR OR AGAINST...] using someone: Totally against.  It's just not right. people: For.  People are cool.  :) smoking: No opinion.  It's a bad habit, but, hey, it's your life. gay/lesbian relationships:  For.  We should be more concerned with the high rate of divorce in this country than with people who truly love each other.  [HAVE YOU...] ever cried over a boy: Who hasn't? ever cried over a girl: Yup.  Well, not in the sense that people think.  I've cried over stuff that has happened with female friends. ever lied to someone:  Yes, unfortunately. ever been in a fist fight: Nope.  [WHAT...] shampoo do you use: Herbal Essences shoes do you wear: I have a lot of shoes... are you scared of: Heights... more like falling.  [NUMBER...] of times I have been in love: 2 of times I have had my heart broken: Too many to name. of hearts I have broken: You know what?  I really don't know.  I guess I broke Richie Grippaldi's heart when I got married, but other than that, I have no idea. of times my name has appeared in the paper:  a bunch of times for honor roll in school, when I got engaged, and when Absegami Key Club got chartered. things in my past that I regret:  I don't regret anything.  It's all been a learning experience.  [DO YOU THINK YOU ARE...] pretty:  Yes, 99% of the time. funny: People laugh at me. hot: Occasionally. friendly:  A definitive yes. amusing:  When I do silly things, yes. ugly: Sometimes. loveable:  I'm oh so lovable.  Cuddle me! caring: If I wasn't, I wouldn't be a teacher. sweet: Yup. dorky:  Oh you know it!  [FAVORITE...] 5 letter word:  Penis... HA! Actor/actress: Jake Gyllenhaal. Cartoon: Mutts (comic strip in the paper... are they considered cartoons??)/ King of the Hill Cereal:  Lucky Charms! Chewing gum: I don't have a preference. Color(s):  Pink, blue day of the week:  Hmmm... I don't have a favorite day of the week! Least fave day: Monday during the school year. Flower:  Daisy Jelly flavor:  Grape Jewelry:  Anything with diamonds... they ARE a girl's best friend, after all Summer/Winter:  Summer  There you go... all about me!