Well, Hallelujah. It's OVER.  I've never been happier for something to be done.  I survived yesterday but it was a really sucky day, if I may say so. I sang fine and the ceremony went great.  I ended up in 2 pictures of the like 500 the guy took.  J said he'd ride with me behind the limo bus to the photo place by the lake.  He didn't.  After the photos, he said he'd ride with me to the reception.  He didn't.  He said at the reception that he wasn't dancing with the matron of honor during the wedding party dance. He did.  I realize he had to do these things. I knew that from the beginning.  I just couldn't handle it though. From the lake where they took photos to the reception, I cried the entire way...and I was the one driving. By myself.    So we get to the reception, he sits up at the head table and I sit with my family, another family and one of J's co-workers, dubbed my "date" by me. After the dinner was over, J came and hung out with us the rest of the night except where he had to get on all fours for the bride to sit on his back while the groom took off her garter (insert a snorting noise here).  Sooooo...my parents left, J's co-worker got plastered and made us laugh all night.  We moved closer to the dance floor as the table we were at was in the opposite corner of the room, and just watched.  We stayed until about midnight and then took his friend to a local bar and dropped his car at another friend's house.  We had a great time once all the crap got out of the way...Some photos are on here somehwere...   urlLink J and me at the reception   urlLink J and me at the rehearsal dinner   urlLink With the bride and groom   urlLink J's co-worker enjoys his fourth bottle of spumanti...   My family has all left. Thank goodness.  I don't mind them being here but there was just too much going on to have everyone at the house at once.  We went this afternoon to Sears to get $100 back on the grill we bought a few weeks back-it went on sale! Hooray! :0  Annnnndddd... I'm spent.