Ahhh, a blog.  I've definitely made it now.  I feel so 2002.   urlLink    Someone forgot to bring her spirit fingers.  urlLink     I have finally-  finally! - graduated from college, and I have accepted a teaching position with the  urlLink  JET Programme. That's this thing where the Japanese government hires fluent Japanese-speakers who are certified to teach English, and sends them to Japan. Except for the speaking Japanese part...you don't have to know a word of it. Oh, and the certified teacher part...they really don't care what you majored in.  Double-major in biochem and electrical engineering? Come on down!  We've got a pair of chopsticks with your name on it!  So, I am moving to  Iwakuni , Japan, at the end of July. Iwakuni is this tiny little town where I lived for a while when I was a kid. I requested it because I have family there, and by god, I got it. This would be like someone doing an exchange program to the U.S. and asking, "Um, I would really really like it if I could please, just maybe, move to Atlanta! No, not Atlanta, Georgia.  Atlanta, Texas. Right there. You think I could? The waiting list isn't too long or anything? Oh, good."   urlLink    Iwakuni as seen from Iwakuni Castle  urlLink     Yes, I got Iwakuni, presumably because everyone else asked for Tokyo, or a suburb of Tokyo, or a town within commuting distance to Tokyo, or maybe Okinawa instead. Iwakuni has a  Marine Corps  base, which is quite the dubious distinction.    Right now I am excited and packing and worrying about FOOD. I love Japanese food (except for raw crab legs, which I have not tried but I have had the privilege of being seated beside at a restaurant). However, I'm worried about the lack of diverse foodstuffs in my little town.  Avocados , for instance. Last time I had an avocado in Japan, it was so hard that I had to use a carpenter's chisel to hew off little chunks of it. That avocado was...well, whatever the word is for "the opposite of satiny buttery goodness." And I've never seen a mango there. I don't think I've seen cupcakes, dill pickles, granola, or salsa either. They do like donuts. I like donuts too.    I am just wondering how my cooking skills will suffer in another country.  I made some chocolate chip cookies in Japan once, and they were abysmal.  And why?  The chocolate chips in Japan are  different . I don't know how they are different, but they are. The milk is different too, and so are the eggs. I'm going to try to make a tres leches cake and end up with a sticky flotation device. And then Japan will collectively laugh at me. Foolish roundeye, thinking she can cook!  Well, time to make some lunch.