My experiences with technology began when I was in high school.  Being a student in a science, mathematics, and technology academy afforded me the opportunity to gain experiences with computers and their many applications.  As a student, I attended classes that required skills in computer applications, such as word processing, spreadsheets, and databases, which are the basics to me.  Also, being a part of advanced mathematics and science courses, I had experiences with other technology, such as graphing calculators.  Elective courses also provided experiences with technology to apply in business technology and journalism.  Since then, I have always used technology.  In college, I was first introduced to power point and gained more experience with using the Internet.  As an education major, I was required to take a course in technology and develop a very simple portfolio, but I was not informed on how what I learned would be useful to me in the classroom.  But I believe, even at that time, many were not aware of the role technology would play in the classroom today.  Even when I began using technology, I never consider what influence and importance it would have in my profession.  I have always approached technology with a positive attitude, ready and willing to try new things, wondering what more could be added to my existing knowledge base.  The further I proceed in my profession, I have found the use of technology in the classroom has increased and become more important.  	As an educator, I have learned that technology includes more than computers.  I believe that technology includes anything used in the classroom that is not basic instructional materials.  Technology includes items such as an overhead, a television, a videocassette recorder, even manipulatives.  Most teachers use these items in their classrooms, but very few make use of computers and their applications.  I believe that computers play an extremely important role in classrooms today.  As our society advances and becomes more technological based, it is necessary for education to make the same advances.  Society has made it so most children are exposed to some sort of technology everyday and most have become more adept to using computers, especially the Internet.  But I think that it is the responsibility of the schools to help children become more adept to using computer applications.  Students need basic and/or advance computer skills in order to succeed in school and in our society.  Students need to know how use programs such as word processing or spreadsheets and apply that knowledge to any subject area.  I like to try to use computers in the classroom, but it can be difficult to provide students with that opportunity because they need exposure and a chance to do trial and error.  The more exposure and the chance to experiment with different computer programs that students have, I believe they gain a better understanding and a more positive attitude towards technology.  But using computers for instructional purposes can be increasingly difficult when the resources are not available.  I have been somewhat fortunate to be at a school that has a computer lab, 15 laptops, and the use of two computers in my classroom.  Although my school has these small advantages, which is more than other schools, problems arise with scheduling time.  Students need adequate time for exposure and experience with different computer applications, but that can be difficult. 	Computers have become and will continue to become a very important part of K-12 education.  Reason being, society has become more advanced, therefore students need the skills to function in a world that practically revolves around technology.  It is the responsibility of K-12 educators to prepare children for success in their future, no matter the educational or professional route they choose.  It is no longer enough to teach students how to read and write and do basic mathematics.  Students need experience and exposure with computers and their applications to use in almost every profession that exists today and that will exist.