I've been taking care of the dog that the people I nanny for have and I couldn't remember when I was supposed to take him home. Usually I stay over there at the house but I was already away from my family too long so Rebel came home with me for a couple of days. Anyways, it was kind of funny because yesterday I get a call from the dad asking where their dog is. I forgot they were coming home! I felt so silly! I was told later that the boys were very nervous because they thought their dog got dognapped or something like that. The were running around the house calling Rebel's name! Their mom was like why would a dognapper take all Rebel's toys, food, and stuff if he was in a hurry? I was like, I'm sorry I have the dog!   I just wanted to see my family! I missed them!  Anyways, I was glad to get to see the boys again we had lots of fun playing Xbox today. I am really missing my Team from Ireland, luckily thanks to email and MSN I talk to most them everyday. It's weird to think that we were just together last week. I love being home but a part of me is expecting my team to walk in and come to hang out with me. Now we have memories and pictures to help us remeniesce. Why is it so lonely being home? That's the oddest thing to me! I look forward to every email or chat time that I have with my teammates. Funny thing is Missy lives here and I miss her too. I'm a sad little lady I know. Being on the subject of friends reminds me of a poem my sister Sharon gave to me awhile ago by Emily Matthews:  You're a FRIEND Who's Meant to Be  Sometimes when two people meet, they simply seem to know That, in their hearts, a deep and lasting friendship soon will grow.... They're truly kindred spirits, feeling free to give and share The gifts of joy and laughter, of warmth and gentle care. And when you've found a friend like that, you soon will come to see How fortunate you are to have a friend who's "meant to be!"  We share a special friendship and I know we always will. For the caring bond between our hearts keeps growing deeper still. Your warmth and understanding all you are and all you do. Remind me what a joy it is to have a friend like you.