ben and me got back an hour ago from seeing "the terminal"... you'll read all kinds of reviews, and there's nothing to make mine better than anyone elses, but the movie had spirit and it wasn't a story that's been done before; i thought tom hanks did an excellent job, and i was happy with how it ended although catherine zeta-jones character got on my nerves a little... it's on the higher end of movies i've liked this year -- by all means go see it!  we were going to see "around the world in 80 days" earlier in the week except ben's been swamped in grading and writing midterms for the class he's teaching that it didn't happen... we were going to go tomorrow too, until colleen had other ideas...  tomorrow, scott, colleen, ben, and me are going  here  for the day... colleen really wants to see the fountain show and possibly go to the concert; we'll see how this works... should be nice though.  and here's survey of the week -- dare i meet crazy online friend who i've been chatting with since high school?  the main conundrum is that even with people i know well in both contexts, people interact very differently online than they do in person sometimes (and i'm sure i do too), that i'm not afraid of him, but rather of the off chance that we'll meet up for lunch and then not get along quite the same way as we have for so long online.... i don't want to go on my trip to memphis, stop off in ohio and meet him, and then have the next chat have an undertone of "so you're not who i expected you to be"; and not that that's guaranteed, it's a nagging concern though, because this whole concept is a minorly big deal in my head :-P  but hey, we're talking about lara -- lara who's always travelling, meeting new people, and trying new things... fear of leaving a comfort zone doesn't stop me -- it just makes me overanalyze first =P  so that's the scoop... if we're really going to this garden tomorrow, i should get some shut-eye... night y'all  p.s. exactly 2 days 17 hours and 41 minutes til i'm 23 -- how scary is that? =P