Hey people. I realized today that I never want to get old....  Why is it that old people are soo......weird... I mean I love some old people... but most are mean..  One second they will be gripping at you and yelling..." When I was your age."  Well you're an old fart now  so get use to the new generation atleast until you have to go through the pain of getting  you rOTHER hip replace...then you will have something worth gripping about... Today at work this old lady made me soo angry. I was ringing up her item her items I nice go this coupon have a limit you can only get 3 candy bars with this item. She started full out yelling at me... " WHAT?!?!?!? THAT LADY SAID I CAN HAVE ALLL I WANT. I WANT IT AT THAT PRICE! I WILL GET IT AT THAT PRICE!" I got soo POed but I just said calmly to her it is okay I can give you more then it says. She just looked at me your horrid face went into a beaming sweet smile. and then she was leaving she goes thank you *looked closely at my tag* Sheila your a good girl have a great day. "  I want to boot your out of my store.    Then this old man blamed ME for him picking up the wrong battery... like I possessed him grabbed the wrong one just so he would have to walk all the way back and get the right one... Yeah that is me... The possessor...   He goes Why did you give me the wrong  battery  I just said sorry about that and he glared at me and said you should be sorry.  and the nice sweet Sheila I am I was going to say have a good day to him and after I said it he glared and walked out.  But even though I have had my good share of crappy wrinkles old butts, I have had some really sweet old people too. There was this one old man. He was really skinny short walked with a wobble and his eyes were crossed. He was the sweetest old guy.  He would always call me sweety or sugar. He was sweet. but ever since he died the old people have turned into little devils.. I swear to it lol Well that is alll the complaining I have for the day. I Love you guys! Loves Sheila