I'm just basically going to stick to my love/sex life here, going into anything else would drive you crazy!  I'm convinced that my 20's are the most confusing and difficult years of my life.  I'm 24, and single.  Starting to think about settling down... but can't seem to find anyone I'd want to settle down with.  I'll give you a key to start off with:   Cop  - my best friend for 8 years, met and started having sex with him in high school.  very hot!  he's married now with 2 little ones, but lives with me.  he and his wife are separated, but trying to work things out.  Last time we had sex was about 4 months ago.  more painful than satisfying, "it's" a little too big for me.  he's about to be a cop though, and as you'll see i'm a HUGE sucker for uniform.   Marine  - we were friends in HS, lost touch for 7 years, I found him (he's a marine now) and we became a couple within a few days.  The first weekend he came to see me that all fell apart, and we haven't spoken since.  we had oral sex, but not the real thing.  we were together a month.  i knew it was too good to be true.   Borracho  (means drunk in spanish) - no good, was with him for 8 months when I was 18-19 and he still always seems to track me down.  Sex was great, if you don't mind a crazy, violent, coke snorting, alcoholic.   Chester (the molester)  - dated him... correction had sex with him for several months when i was 19-20, he was 29-30.  again, the sex was great but i wanted more than just sex and he was quite content with it, until i found someone new, then he decides he wants to be together.  i'm convince he's married, but can't prove it.  we still e-mail all the time, and he still insists that he's in love with me and wants to settle down.   Mama's boy  - left Chester for this one.  was with him for 2 years, loved him to death but he was the biggest ASS ever!  such a cocky, self absorbed, jerk!  great sex, but lousy boyfriend.  And the biggest mama's boy known to man!  we still talk occasionally too... he swears he's changed and i'm the only one for him, blah blah blah...   Army  - met this guy online like 7 years ago and became very close, we've talked on the phone, but never met in person.  He's in the army now and in Iraq. =(  He's 23, and I love him to death.  So genuine, and sweet.  We say that we're soulmates, and a lot of the time I actually believe we are.   Blah  - boring boring boring!  met him when i first moved here, pretty good looking, but he has NO personality.  can't take a joke, just really bland, and annoying.  we went out a few times, kissed... and that's about the extent of it.  he still bugs me to spend time with him but i have other really important things to do like spot clean the carpet under my furniture.   Cuddle bitch  - very very nice guy, met him when i first moved here as well.  not the best looking guy in the world but his lips, and fingers are amazing!  i often refer to him as my "cuddle bitch" because we've never had sex, and i'm not really interested in sex with him.  although last time he was over i felt his package and it was quite adequate.   Fireman  - a fireman and HOT HOT HOT as fiuh! one of my older sister's best friends.  he's 33, and we've had sex a few times.  he has a girlfriend now, so I wish him the best.     FBI  - this guy is amazing, 33 and an FBI agent.  talk about hot!  another one of my older sister's best friends.  I've known him since I was born, and he was like 10 years old.  we had sex for the first time on my 23rd b'day, and several times in the past year.  if i'm being honest... the sex is probably about a 2 out of 10, but he gets an E for effort.  He's great looking, and has the FBI thing going for him so that makes up for it.  ahhh power is such a freakin turn on!    These are the guys that I currently talk to, and will be referring to the most in my blogs.  I've slept with roughly 20 guys, give or take a few, starting when i was 14, is that bad???  These are the ones that are still around.    Ok, that should be enough to start off... time to close up at work so I can get home and make dinner for Cop.