My best friend in the world is the newest assistant principal at a prominent middle school here in the Monroe County area in Upstate NY.  He told me the great news on Saturday evening, before we (as we were accompanied by our significant others) traveled to  Rochester's greatest secret - The Alexander Street Festival .  As we were at this great block party (which is essentially what ASF is), I came across a few friends from high school and found out what they were all up to.  While I listened to their stories, I continually thought about my best friend's new opportunities and realized at several points throughout the night how proud I was of the people that I have known and come to know.    At the festival, I spoke with several old high school friends that could have been classified as the stoners of our class.  These kids were all about smoking weed and partying (I think most of them did this through college too).  Seeing them at this festival only reaffirmed to me that some things may never change, but instead of talking about what were aspiring to become or what parties we've been to, we instead were talking about what we  were doing .  Here I was, talking about what I do for a living and hearing about what other high school friends themselves were doing to pay the bills.  To me, it was amazing.  Listening to the people working for well-respected companies tell their stories of office life and the benefits of insurance sales made me wish that I could hurry up and find a job of my own, just so I could feel like my side of the "Where I'm working now" conversation had some weight to it.    As for my best friend's new position, nobody could be more proud of him than I am right now.  This is a guy whom is almost 7 years my senior and used to spend thousands of dollars on videogames every year.  From 1999 until 2001, we reviewed videogames on an internet radio show called "Gamingnoise".  We were nerds, but this was a guy that I thought would be young forever.  During these years, while his wife was pregnant with their first child, I'll never forget how my best friend said that "Nothing is going to change."  I laughed as soon as he uttered those words, and I still laugh when I think about them today.  Sometimes I just feel overwhelmed with a pleasant feeling when I see how much progress people have made over time.  Sure, we still have certain people whom will always remain a real jerk, or the people whom fail to realize their potential, but that's always the easiest stuff to point out.  When I think about myself 4 years ago, I realize that I was a lot different back then.  Then I look at people like my best friend, my fiance, and old friends from high school, and I just feel proud to be associated with them.  Rock on.