Flexible learning, in my view, can be defined as a learning process that involves elements of self discovery, exploration, independence, and control on the part of the learner. It is a learning 'mode' that allows for learning goals to be achieved through numerous alternatives as opposed to the directed 'classroom' approach.   Flexible learning is strongly associated with technology, simply because the nature of technologically driven distance learning is built on principles of asynchronous delivery, learner centered learning, and having facilitators rather than 'teachers'. Most e-learning programs are by its nature 'flexible' as the global reach of such programs creates a situation where synchronous learning is rarely possible, and because in my view, being Internet oriented, it adopts the anytime anywhere 'culture' of the online environment. For example, physical banks may have banking hours but online banking is 24/7.   However, like Taylor mentions, technology is not what drives flexible learning, nor is the reason for it. It is the fundamental learning goals and theories that will be the main impetus for flexibility. Garrison spoke of 'computer conferencing' moving on from an industrial era of mass 'production' to a post-industrial period of learner centric approaches. There is a clear rationale in disassociating technology with flexible learning, simply to avoid an over emphasis on technology and ignoring other important areas such as learning goals and direction.  Flexible learning is an outlook, a new perspective into how we learn. Flexible learning is not taking classroom syllabuses and making them digital. To implement effective flexible learning requires an intimate understanding of all the elements involved in the learning process, with the priority being the learner. With that said, technology is definitely a much useful tool. The Internet has bridged people together, putting them in a new learning environment with strong mimicry to our real-life behaviours, and interactions like never before. It will be rare to see truly flexible learning being done without any infusion of technology.