So I passed my Texes Content exam with flying colors!!!!  I am now "highly qualified."  HAHA  To the one who made fun of me being "HQ"--lick my chakra.   No class for 5 whole days!  It looks like we ain't goin to Shiner in this weather, so I wonder what we'll do.  We still haven't been able to ditch the kid to go see Farenheit 911.  (no more R rated movies for that child for a while)  Where are her little friends when we need them? So I was thinking that Monday was like the suckiest day in the world ever.  First--the weather.  Then I had to be partners for my science project with this woman who is very, very nice, but is completely and totally clueless.  I feel so bad for her.  I seriously doubt she passed that test.  She was in our study group and it just didn't sound good.  Anyway, the other woman in our group has somehow gone AWOL.  And she was so cute and bubbly.  Maybe she got a different job or something.  Her job at the zoo was eliminated, that's why she was going to teach; but she loved that job.  Maybe they found the funds or something.  Hopefully. So I'm stressed about making the experiment work properly.  I got some tubs at the 99 (there is no little symbol for cent) store.  And some bamboo skewers to use as markers.  So I get Em and we trek through the damn dreaded grocery store.  I get ready to pay and realize that I don't have my little coin purse.  Em runs out into the rain to see if it fell out in the car.  Meanhwile the people behind me are looking pretty pissed.  The checker boy is very nice about the whole thing.  And why wouldn't he be?  He gets to just stand there and do nothing for a bit.  Of course the little round plastic orange purse is not in the car.  Checker says no prob, we'll just "suspend your order."  He pushes the cart aside and goes on his merry way. We find said coin purse at Grace's, then have to return to the miserable store.  Of course it's still raining.  And I truly want to just forget about the stinkin groceries, but I feel bad that the stuff is just sitting out in the aisle. Then the manager lady makes this huge production of "Oh YOU'RE the ONE with the suspended order, right?"  Thanx, lady.  I coulda  just waited in line.  But it is kinda cool that they can do that. I get home and Em says i'm grumpy, but that i'm always grumpy after school.  That makes me grumpier.   The experiment is not working properly.  My objects are not heavy enough and the tubs are too shallow.  ARGHHHH.  And I refuse to prepare dinner becuz the kitchen still hadn't been cleaned (sorry T, I just had to throw that in there, but it looks very nice now).  So we go eat and when we return I decide to go get some deeper tubs.  I scrounged around and found a whole bunch of rocks to use instead of the toys.   Number 3.  As I am backing out of the garage I hear this huge crash and awful noise.  I notice that one of the bicycles has fallen and when I look at my car I note that the passenger side view mirror has been knocked off and is dangling by a wire.  Now I'm fucking livid.  I storm inside and cannot locate any of the half a dozen or so flashlights we own.  I sort of tell Trev what happened and demand that he go out there and see if he can frickin fix it (I'm trying not to use the f word any more, but it was just workin out to be an f word kinda day.).  We locate a flashlight and as he's lookin at the car, i just about loose it.  Turn the car off, scream that i'm just gonna go take a f'in shower and go to bed, storm into the house and slam the door (i never slam doors.  i hate that shit) and give Em a hurried good night.  She's just lookin at me like I'm nuts. I asked her the next day if I scared her or anything and she first said no, then added something about being a tad bit concerned that her mom was trippin out.  It was really funny, but I can't remember her exact words. So the next morning I rose early and got the new tubs and the experiment went perfectly.  The teacher complemented us on tying in literature with science (oh yeah, the partner decided she wanted to read the book.  What?  IIII wanted to read the book.  I love that book.  But there is no I in team, so damnit, she read the book and even though I told her several times how to pronounce the man's name, she still said Mr. Archamedas instead of Arkimeedeez).  I almost pulled my hair out.  And then the teacher complemented me again when I said to pull out your science journals.  Haha.  I'm great.   So here's where things get sad.  I'm thinkin I'm having this shitty week when Elizabeth, who lives on a ranch in Brookshire tells me that they had to shoot their mule.  The mule wasn't eating and would stand all the time until he fell because when he would lay down he couldn't get back up.  So they found him laying there with his head all beat up and bleeding because he was trying so hard to stand.  They gave him some tranquilizers and dug a huge hole to bury him in ( i think she said he still weighed 500-600 pounds).  They managed to get him up and he walked into the hole and was still standing when they shot him.  For some reason that seems so fitting to me.  That he was able to stand while he took his last breathe.  I'm sure that he was so thankful to them for shooting him.  I only hope the same will be done for me if I ever find myself in his situation. ( but hey, i'm still able to get up on my own and I don't have that much insurance, so don't be getting any ideas, mr. C)