THE BEST  Well, it's almost time for me to quit my job an become a screenwriter, so here's my story:  A pro sports team gets wind of this amazing mascot at some podunk school in the South.  They send a scout.  He finds people going absolutely bonkers for this mascot.  He could be, dare I say, the best mascot in the world. The Scout brings the guy in the mascot suit (a college student) to the big city.  He impresses the brass and they sign him to a multi-million dollar contract.  Thus begins hype-central.  Mascot Dude gets on all the talk shows, magazine covers.  He is truly hyped to be the best mascot ever. The season begins and the mascot dude lives up to the hype, he is the best.  People go to games just to see him.  The team makes it to the championship.  It's the Biggest game of the season, of the dude's career.  He comes out pumped.  The crowd waits.  But he freezes.  Then comes to and runs out.  The team loses.  All kinds of critizism is thrown at dude. Next season he tries but he can't do anything funny.  His dances  fall flat, his somesaults, pranks.  He's released by the team.  He bounces around the minor leagues,  urlLink canadian leagues , european leagues.  No go. He walks off from the team in Budapest.  He heads to  urlLink Slovakia .  He wanders the country side, he hikes in the  urlLink mountains .  While mountain climbing, he finds an old box that contains a secret elixir with a note in Slovakian.  He discovers that it is a magic potion of Slovakian legend that when drank, makes the drinker "the best."  The best of what, no one knows.  No one has ever drank it before. Some of the Slovakian government and the Mafia find out about the discovery and try to steal it, but the dude leaves the country after joining up with a band of friendly gypsies.   He returns home and tells his friends about "the best" juice.  The dude desides to drink it.  Nothing happens.  The potion becomes a joke.  They sip it at parties sometimes.  Then one by one, he's friends discover they have developed odd amazing talents.  One guy is the best car parker ever.  another isthe best fingernail clipper, another is the best orange smoothie maker, another is the best  urlLink lawnmower .  and then,  well. I don't know really.  Let me think about it.  Sometime I'll post synopsises for "Sasquatch" and "The Crime of the Century" here too.  Until then, I'm going to work on my short shory from the perspective of a quarter.