I am surprised I am up so early considering the time we finally made it home last night.  A good night.  An interesting night.  Kyle is still sleeping.  He will probably still be sleeping for a few hours.  The wedding started at 6:00pm.  It was the first wedding I had been to at Riverview and it was very nice.  Kirsten and I were talking about what we'd be doing there for Nicole's wedding and it's exciting to think about that!  Then we headed over to the reception which was in Mason - soon to be my town!  We were all starving and there were some appetizers so we ate some of that and hit the bar.  From that point on it was Sangria, Malibu Punch, dinner, a little dancing, a lot hanging out outside, and a lot of interesting conversation.  Oh, and the dj was...what did he call himself?...Smooth Cruisin' I think.  That added comedy to the night.  It was a great time though.  I got to see a lot of people from the Amsterdam trip that I really miss spending time with and talking to.  And then I got to know some other people a little better that I usually see around but never talk to more than a few minutes.    Jen and I were talking about friendships/relationships last night and we got to talking about confronting people when they've offended you and losing friendships over fights and things like that.  I've been thinking about that and I really think that if two friends get in a fight (and I don't mean something ongoing or super deep) and then it's over because of that fight, then it wasn't really a friendship.  What I love about my friends - my best friends being Kyle and Nicole - is that we can be real and ugly with each other and we are still that close.  Plus, I am not one of those avoid-conflict people and I even sometimes start little fights on purpose.  So I guess that I might see it differently if I hated fighting. But I think back to my best friends in high school, the friends that I was close to for years and felt like family with, and we would get mad at each other and in fights but we loved each other like mad.  But we weren't the type to talk about each other behind people's backs either, we'd deal with stuff.  I do have a lot of people now that I would consider very close friends that I've never fought with.  I don't think I HAVE to fight with someone to be their friend - but I do think that'd if something did come up we'd make it through.