Stuff is going well.  I totally blew off the teachers meeting today opting instead for a morning of peaceful rest.  I'm really been going too hard these past few weeks.  I ended up out until around 2 last night with Gyeh-son and I thought I was going to die.  I plan to stay in tonight and just enjoy doing absolutely nothing.  I was going to go to the meeting, but why?  I see everyone I want to see and I really don't feel the need to meet any of the new teachers or listen to people babble on and on.  I was supposed to have lunch with a teacher I used to work with so I feel a little bad about canceling that.  I wonder if they'll make me watch a tape and write an essay or something.  Not that I'll do it but whatever.  When I came home last night my power was off.  As of when left today it was still off.  Really didn't mind so much.  It was a much bigger pain in the ass when I didn't have water, now that sucked.  I ended up seeing the movie "Something's got to Give" last night.  It was actually pretty good and well written.  Did anyone know  that there are 5 different board game cafes downtown?  Guess you find this stuff out when you date a girl who works at one of them.  It is such a strange feeling to be well rested, I'd forgotten what it was like.  I'm looking forward to the upcoming time off.  I don't have to work Saturday, lucky me.  While it is great to have the time off I feel like I should  be doing something more than sitting around and just chilling in Daegu.  But then again I'm not really motivated to travel anywhere else in Korea right now.  I wish I could have gotten out of the country.  But that is money saved that I can used after I finish up here.  The end is near for me.  I might extend for another month if they let me.  Things are really swell now.  I'm hoping to fucking giver this weekend and then blog about it on the giver blog.  I don't have a link up for the giver blog yet,  but I will soon.   I've had a drink since Saturday and I haven't been to Bellagio since Friday.  These are very good things.  I need breaks from both desperately.   It is getting time for me to get a haircut and I'm getting a little nervous.  I hate getting haircuts in Korea.  I'll have to find someone to go with.  I'm not sure what I want exactly but I'm starting to look a little shaggy.  I love having days of only 5 classes.  I have one today and one tomorrow and then no work on Saturday.  I don't think anyone who works for LIKE currently ever reads my blog so I guess I can brag.  Even though if you don't work for like you probably get Saturday off anyway so to hell with you.