Holaaaaaaaa  Ahem. Bank Holidays! Whoever persuaded banks to take random Mondays off at seemingly illogical points in the year deserves a medal. I got thoroughly sozzled at Sel's 18th Birthday party last night, knowing full well that I could get 2 good nights of sleep before I dragged my sorry ass back to The Institution For Bright People on Mon-sorry-Tuesday! We (Me, Sel, Bex) are going to see  urlLink Win a Date With Tad Hamilton  tomorrow; the teen movie that's so bad you don't even have to be a teen to watch it (it's certificate PG).   urlLink Sel's party  was amazing. Despite the facts that we were the only people there from school, I only really knew Sel's immediate family, didn't like the food and was just *awful* at cricket, I had a really good time and everyone was really chilled out and friendly. Laura was clearly not having a good time at the start, though, which made it a bit tough because I was starting to relax around all the new company and she was really tense; the problem was that she hates cricket and really didn't want to play, plus the fact that she didn't talk to anyone probably didn't help matters much. Anyways, what matters is that I enjoyed myself and felt really welcomed by the whole thing, which was cool; I met loadsa new people who were all fab and generally had a great time of it.  There are only 9 days of school left. I have already had my last lesson with Mrs. Dalgleish. I have 5 days to decide whether I want to go to the Leavers' Ball or not.   REASONS FOR:  It's a reason to get all dressed up and dance the night away; it's the last time we will be together as a whole year group; it's a great tradition.   REASONS AGAINST:  It's the same night as JYF; it's £30 for a ticket plus extras; some of the year won't go, which counters the "last time together as a group" argument; I don't like a lot of the year; Frankie and Hannah have been discussing choreographing a "She's All That"-style dance routine for the occasion.  I wonder if I could ask Pav if I could go for less money if I told her I was only going for an hour before I went to JYF... My head hurts...  Ceff x   Will you need me now? You'll find a way somehow...