Hello again everybody! its been a while since i was here last! lets see....  FRIDAY: we had class in the morning and then free time the rest of the day, so in the afternoon we went to see Farenheit 911, which was good. (although a few parts were slightly gross). then we went down to Vieux Quebec for the first time on our own, and it was lots of fun! we just walked around, took some pictures, and i bought a pair of bright red Dickies pants (and no, thats not something i could buy at home, ive never seen bright red ones LOL)  SATURDAY: we decided to go shopping at the three big malls all beside each other, and then go down to Vieux Quebec again. because the bus system here SUCKS we didnt make the first one, because the bus that leaves the campus and comes back to the campus only goes once every hour-hour.5, so when there are over a hundred people waiting for the bus, even though we were FIRST in line, it depends on where the bu pulls up. since people were standing in the road, the bus stopped before the people, instead of stopping in the second lane like it sometimes does, so us, as well as matt and his friends (who at this point had missed TWO busses) had to wait for the next one. by the time we got to the mall, it was about 430, and apparently it closed at 5. so we walked through to the next one, and it was closing. and guess what, SO WAS THE LAST ONE! so we got on the normal bus (because we have to switch from GREEN to BLUE, which comes every 10 minutes, to get to Vieux Quebec)...   SATURDAY continued: so, we spent about an hour.5 in Vieux Quebec, and we ate at Chez Ashton, which is like a higher class of fast food. i had MINI POUTINE SAUSSICES, which is basically poutine with sausages. VEEY GOOD!.... we shopped around a bit, i found a pair of bright orange Dickies shorts that i want to buy, but im not going to because im not really a shorts person, so although i love them, i dont need them. the Violent Femmes were playing that night at the Summer Festival, but we decided to go back to the campus instead to watch the french movie that they were playing for us there (just on the tv, you know?) and it was supposed to be Amelie which is a really good french movie, but it turned out to be 10 Things I Hate About You, and 1 i dont want to see that and 2 dubbed over movies are the WORST!..... so, we missed the Violent Femmes, but i hear that it was kind of boring anyway, and its not like they have a ton of popular songs (although the theme song for our program here is to the tune of Blister In The Sun... its a pretty good song actually, we sing it enough that most people know at least half of it if not all of it... im talking about the french one lol)  SUNDAY: i managed to sleep until 11:20 (with a few minor interruptions, mainly due to most of the people leaving for the water park that i didnt go to, since im not a water park person)... anyway, i had a shower (the pressure was HORRIBLE) and then Jun came and said "Feona wants to go shopping and the bus leaves in 40 minutes" so i got ready quickly and went and ate lunch, and we went to the malls that had closed the day before. i didnt buy anything lol. then we went back and had supper, and i had to do my laundry since i HAD been going to do it during the day, but we went shopping... there was a line for the laundry, so i ended up being there from 7:30-10:30, meaning i missed the Floor Hockey game that i wanted to play in :(  TODAY: this morning we had the "American Soap" which is put on each monday by the animateurs... today everyone was pregnant, but no one knows who the fathers are HAHAHA... then we had about 45 minutes of announcements of things to do in the coming week, and then class (monday class is only 10:30-12, not the usual 8:30-12) after lunch, we went on class trips... ours went to the Citadell, which is the fortress of Vieux Quebec. it was SOO HOT, which is a change form all the rain we`ve had lately.... it was kind of interresting, but kind of boring, and the heat made it less fun than it could have been. when i leave here, ill be going to eat supper (i hope its good... for lunch we had some sort of good meat LOL).... tonight we are having a Quebecois evening, with legends and songs and such (a little scary, but not in the actual horror theme sense LOL)  so back to the buses, apparently they have gotten the bus company to double the number of buses on the weekends, so we can all actually go when we want to! plus, all the computers have been fixed, so now more than 10 people can be on at a time!!! i cant believe that we are already done 9 days, and its almost 10! i bought some postcards, so sometimes soon ill have to start writing. Happy Anniverary to Alison and Jupiter. this special mention is your present LOL. Im so excited this week, because on Sunday, SUM 41 is playing on the last day of the SUmmer Festival, and we asked Chantal (the head animatrice) if we can turn it into a group outing since most people want to go, but she said that would just be impossible (and since the bus schedule is stupid and sunday curfew is 11, we would have to leave the concert when it is beginning cuz its 9:30) but she said that if we just took a taxi, it would only take 20 minutes and would be about 30 bucks, so that split 4 or 5 ways is cheap, plus we already bought the pass to get into all the concerts for 8 dollars (we got them half price) so like 13 or so dollars for say an hour of SUM 41 is AWESOME!  anyways, thats all for today. maybe ill be back tomorrow. au revoir!