Where does the money go?      The money we [the SF office of the National AIDS Marathon Training Program] raise will support the work of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation. SFAF serves 130,000 individuals each year, providing housing assistance, one-on-one counseling, and treatment adherence programs, as well as advocacy on local, state, and federal AIDS - related legislation. Funds will also support Needle Exchange programs throughout the Bay Area to help stop the spread of HIV, as well as a program to support treatment access in the developing world.     What is the cost of fundraising?     In the past three years, we have raised $10 million for the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, of which 46% went to expenses and the remaining 54% went to AIDS services and prevention. We are constantly working to keep costs to a minimum by seeking donations of goods and services. The results from this year's program will depend upon the amount that our participants raise. The more our participants raise, the lower the cost of fundraising.     Is my donation tax deductible?     Yes. Money raised through the National AIDS Marathon Training Program is tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law. All contributions will benefit the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, a non-profit 501-C (3) organization. The federal tax ID is 94-2927405.     Will I receive a receipt for my contribution?     Yes. The San Francisco AIDS Foundation will mail a receipt for all donations. You may also print out your confirmation page and save it for your records.     Will my employer match my contribution?     Corporate Matching Gifts can dramatically increase the value of your donation. Many companies will match the charitable contributions of their employees. Be sure to ask your company's Human Resources department to find out if your company has such a policy.      How can I donate by mail?      If you prefer to make your donation by mail, click here to download a  urlLink Donor Form . You will need to write the name and participant number of your friend in the upper right-hand portion of the Form [i.e. Jeffrey Wolf #SF-6012]. You can provide your check or credit card number as payment and mail or fax to the AIDS Marathon pledge office. The address and fax number for making donations are printed on the form.     What happens to my donation if my friend has to drop out of the training program?     Contributions will be processed immediately upon receipt by the San Francisco AIDS Foundation. If injury or other unforeseen circumstances prevent the AIDS Marathon participant from completing the training program, your donation will nonetheless benefit the Foundation's critically important AIDS services.  No refunds will be issued .