I'm starting to feel like that quirky fan boy from   Almost Famous,   cause I keep saying to myself, "It's all happening!" Well, at least most of it is. I'm nearly packed and I've only got a few more things to do.  Tomorow is moving day for my lovely fish, Bubba, Pearl, and Saki.  They have been very good fish (they never complain!) and I wish them the best of luck in their new home at my mother's work place at the Assessor's office.  Her boss will be taking good care of them. Now we will see what the lifespan of a petsmart goldfish is as I've already had the trio since November. Ganbare mina!   The only bad luck I'm having is with the new Dell.  Got my new laptop but then the screen wouldn't load up after the Windows startup page. So after 2 hours of tech support (mostly on hold) the dude tells me he'll send me another hard drive. This was Friday. Today is Tuesday. No hardrive yet. Friday I go to Atlanta. I'm getting a bit antsy.   Other than that, I'm just getting around to see folks and gather hugs (like hokey anime has a jiggle counter, maybe I should have a huggle counter :)    Saturday Marshall held a great going away jam at his house.  People who came: Ken, Cathy, Ronnie, Gail, Briggs, Nancy, John Fowler and his friend (was it Brian?), Andy Brooks, Lo and Mary, Danny, and of course Marsh and me.  Gail made a killer cake... it was so moist and fluffy it about jumped off the plate before it got there. Also had some good garden fresh stuff, like Nancy's cucumber salad... mmmm, tastes like summer.  And where the food was good, the music was mighty fine.  Ken and Gail kicked off the first few tunes, both new and favorites of mine, and Andy rocketed away on some jammin pieces. Danny told stories about being in France for 2 years and Ken and Ronnie discovered they were siamese twins (joined at the cooler).  Gail also taught Mary and me beautiful waltz fiddle duet.  Fun was had by all, and some people were still having fun even after I left (had to go to TN the next morning).   Oh by the way   I GO TO JAPAN IN 4 DAYS!