so, here i am...sitting here in front of the computer again.  what's on my mind?  how ridiculous this whole roommate this is.  amber wrote me a note saying why she was mad at me.  the reason?  because i supposedly posted in my lj that i was annoyed with her and that she wasn't smart.  however, if she had actually read my post...i never said anything about her.  and it's not like i even alluded to any of this.  she must have a complex or something about thinking she's not smart...or that other people think she's not smart.  it's just all so frustrating.  i'm not trying to be sneaky and write things so that people have to read between the lines.  what i write IS what i mean.  plus, why would i say something like that about her if i knew she was going to read it.  anyway, so we're still not really talking.  mainly i think we just both do a good job of avoiding each other.  i just want to forget about the whole thing but i don't want to discuss it.  i hate arguments.  and most of the time i hate defending myself because i feel as if they aren't going to listen to me in the first place, and they certainly aren't going to change their mind and suddenly see things my way.  whatever.  i'm too happy to have to deal with this crap...so i'm not going to.   i'm leaving in a few days for michigan.  i'm excited.  i'm also going to go out to dinner & bowling with matt tomorrow.  can't imagine how this won't be fun.  friday i have a going away party for my old college roommate.  she's heading to colorado for grad school.  i'm excited for her.  too bad we haven't gotten to hang out while we've lived in the same area.  i'm going to find a present for her tomorrow.  who knows?  i might be joining her out there in a few years.  colorado is one of the places i'm looking at moving to.  that or the seattle area...or portland area...or possibly even the san francisco area (probably not though since it's an arm & a leg to get a teaching license out there).  i just really want to move out west.   well, tomorrow is another day.  right now, i'm going to go listen to some tunes.