"If you can walk you can dance. If you can talk you can sing." - Zimbabwean Proverb  "Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there." - John Wooden  "I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. " - Henry David Thoreau  "What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson  "The earth has music for those who listen." - William Shakespeare  "It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." - Charles Darwin  "There is no better way to thank God for your sight than by giving a helping hand to someone in the dark." - Helen Keller  "The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love." - William Wordsworth  "If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them." - Henry David Thoreau  "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend." - Albert Camus  "To awaken each morning with a smile brightening my face; to greet the day with reverence for the opportunities it contains; to approach my work with a clean mind; to hold ever before me, even in the doing of little things, the ultimate purpose toward which I am working; to meet men and women with laughter on my lips and love in my heart; to be gentle, kind, and courteous through all the hours; to approach the night with weariness that ever woos sleep and the joy that comes from work well done -- this is how I desire to waste wisely my days." - Thomas Dekker  "You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it." - Samuel Butler  "Henceforth there will be such a oneness between us -- that when one weeps the other will taste salt." - Source Unknown   "Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. So throw off the bow lines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain  "In seeking wisdom, the first stage is silence, the second listening, the third remembrance, the fourth practicing and the fifth teaching." - Solomon Ibn Gabirol  "To be what we are and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the end of life." - Robert Louis Stevenson  "It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world, and moral courage so rare." - Mark Twain  "We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear." - Martin Luther King, Jr.  "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt  "One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation." - Arthur Ashe  "The human mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes  "To hope means to be ready at every moment for that which is not yet born, and yet not become desperate if there is no birth in our lifetime." - Emily Dickinson  "To accomplish great things, we must not only act but also dream. Not only plan but also believe." - Anatole France  "The timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness; and knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream." - Kahlil Gibran  "One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life... and that word is love." - Sophocles   "Be yourself; no base imitator of another, but your best self. There is something which you can do better than another. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that." - Ralph Waldo Emerson  "Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier." - Charles F. Kettering  "When it's time to die, let us not discover that we have never lived." - Henry David Thoreau  "Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson  "Those who would give up essential freedoms for security, deserve neither freedom nor security." - Benjamin Franklin  The greatest enemies of us alcoholics are resentment, jealousy, envy, frustration, and fear. Alcoholics Anonymous, 4th Edition, To Employers, pg. 145    "From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life." -- Arthur Ashe   "There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered." -- Nelson Mandela