I arrived in Phnom Penh early this afternoon.  I have to say it is really good to be around some sort of development.  I haven't done a whole lot yet as I'm a little worn out.  I've opted instead to take it easy and relax.  I hope to get a good jump on things tomorrow morning.  I signed up for a tour but it looks like there aren't going to be enough people, as six are needed and I'm the only one signed up now.  No big deal, I'm more then cabable of making around by myself.  The ride over here was pretty smooth all things considered.  Of course my seat was the one right in front of the baby that wouldn't crying.  We also watched the worst copy of Entrapment dubbed in Cambodian ever.  It's a bad movie anyway, I didn't think it could get any worse.   I forgot to mention yesterday while I was out in the middle of the country side on top of this hill I met a girl from the suburbs of Atlanta.  World is a small place.  She was ethnicly Cambodian and was out to see the extended family.  She didn't seem too impressed with things. I ended up not going to the club last night as there seemed to be nobody in there.  There is a place nearby that Lonely planet says is pretty good so I might check it out just for a change.  I do miss being able to go out and experiance the nightlife.  But this should keep me out of trouble and from going broke too quickly. I ran into these fellow Americans on the bus over here and they're going to Myanmar (Burma).  This has really gotten me thinking about trying to go there.  Things have changed over the past year or so and they seem to be more welcoming to tourists.  I'd have to probably fly in and out which shouldn't be too big a problem if I can arrange it online.  If I went I'd probably go after Laos or when I went back to Thailand.  Right now I'm making pretty good time on my trip.  I have a hard time really relaxing as I'm pretty high strung trying to get around and see everything.  But in Cambodia is just doesn't make much sense to take a day off and sit around as there isn't that much to do.  Maybe that isn't the case here but I don't know.  I think I'll get my chill out time at the beach in a couple of days.  I wonder how far I can make it?  I had originally planned to make a loop and end up back in Bangkok and then head as far south as possible.  I think this will still be the case but I'd love the chance to deviate into Myanmar.  The connection on this computer isn't that great but the price is pretty hard to beat so I can't complain.  If anyone is board and has free time fly out to see me.  We can hook it up in Vietnam and giver.