I think that I need to take a break from replying to Job adverts. This is one I just emailed (in my defense, the wording of the advert was humourous and I decided to use the same approach)  Dear Sir, I am writing with regards to a position advertised within the Guardian Jobs Paper: Insight co-ordinator/Trainee Planner, working in your London office.  I am a highly imaginative person with a strange desire to work very very hard in order to justify my existence. I would consider myself to be fairly level-headed but with a good sense of humour: an asset when perhaps a day's work borders on the stressful side of things.  For the last two years I have been working as an English teacher in a Plymouth Secondary school. I am now seeking to move away from that particular career path as I would rather be involved with using my own skills as opposed to passing on skills to others. However, having been an English teacher I have developed many skills which would be well suited for this position.  I am highly adept at presenting information in an eye-catching way (if I am allowed to use PowerPoint then so much the better), I am easily able to adapt my manner and speech to different audiences, I have no inhibitions about speaking in front of crowds (be they well behaved or otherwise) and as I am able to control classes of up to thirty-five rowdy teenagers then it stands to reason that I must have a certain amount of charm.  My written and communication skills are of the highest standard. In my spare time I like to write children's books, which require a high degree of research, planning and preparation. Every facet of my being is centred towards the ability to plan, research and write well. As such, I believe that not only would this position be a fulfilling one, but that I might also prove to be an asset to your company.  My ability to research and find out obscure facts and details, whilst remaining highly organised, has lead my colleagues to term me as being quite anal at times. But it does also make me successful at pub quizzes; my capacity for trivia is unrivalled and my memory is equally impressive.  I am by no means against hard work. Whilst I would be at loathe to compare myself to a donkey, I believe that my persistent and hard working nature, and the ability to keep my mind fully occupied, would make sure that any initial 'donkeywork' is met with no resistance.  At university I studied, as my minor subject, Media Arts. I focussed particularly on advertising. As a result of this, I have a good understanding of the advertising world and I am frequently chastised by my friends and family for picking apart every advert that I see.  I hope that you will consider me for this position.