Hey ya everyone! First of all after re reading my first blog I have realised that I am travelling home on all three dates mentioned the 16 17 and the 18! I leave here at 4pm on the 16th and arrive in Auckland at 5:15am on the 18.  Shit what a long bloody flight. It is one thing I am not at all looking forward to.  THE GEORGE AND DRAGON Last Friday I headed down to Basingstoke which is not that far south of Reading, South West of London to visit two girls from the contiki, Jennifer and Sunny.  It was a great weekend and topped off by another ass whipper of a game by the one and only All Blacks!!  On arival at Basingstoke a guy called Richard picked me up, after about half an hour of, 'hmmmmm is that the guy?' .... 'hmmmmm is that the girl? we realised that I was who he was meant to pick up.  Richard drove a nice big Ford Discovery which was definately an improvement on all these bloody hatchbacks that they drive over here. And even though it was a Ford I will say it was quite nice.  Richard is one of the many 'Local's' that frequent the George and Dragon and it was awesome that he picked me up.  Even better than that was that he bought me a shit load of drinks! Just what I needed.  A group of us sat at the bar, while Sunny pored the drinks and Jen worked in the Kitchen, and got totally sloshed.  The stress of the city disappeared totally.  Not a late night but definately a good one.  Retired at about 1am back to Sunny and Jen's room for a hot chocolate and some Dark Chocolate Toblerone.  Yumm.(problem is I can't really remember what it tasted like.)   Slept with Sunny and surprisingly enough, after her sprawling effort on Contiki, she kept to her side and we all slept like logs.  Up at the bloody crack of dawn to watch the All Blacks play, which was great. Then it was time to get the bar and rooms cleaned ready for opening at 12. It is amazing how many locals can turn up for the short bracket from 12 to 3pm for lunch and a few pints.  Yum.  At 3 we headed back to the girls' room where we looked through a bunch of Contiki Photos! It was great to see most of them, unforfunately Sunny managed to get some terrible photos of me, pissed as.  I didn't realise I drunk that much on Contiki.  But I do not remember the photos being taken! Anyway the pub opened for dinner again at 7 and I was disshy for the night, which was good cause I felt like I was earning my keep.  Bed at 12 after one of the bussiest nights of the year.  Sunday Morning Jen and I went for a lovely walk around the countryside, even saw a deer cross our path as we wandered through a wheat field with Buddy the Golden Lab.  Jen also showed me in amongst all the huge manor houses that were randomly placed along our stroll a Cute little cottage with a thatched roof even.  Soo Cute.  When the bar opened again I met up with a few of the locals who had been in before, during my stay, and they unfortunately kept filling up my pint glass with halves for gods sake, how are you meant to keep track of how much you are drinking! By the time I got picked up to go home after a huge yummy lunch I was still pissed.  Another Local dropped me off at the station,  Andrew I think.  He drove a huge landrover, lovely. All the trimmings too. Had only done 5,000 miles. I can not believe that there is this much money in selling toilets, but then again, both my rides were from toilet sellers, so  there must be! Lovely of them both to put themselves out, otherwise I would still be walking!    On to a stuffy train I hopped and unfortunately just got more and more sickly feeling. Yuck, had to go to the guard's quarters to stick my head out the window to get some fresh air.  This however is hard on the Tube but luckily, my smints and water, along with a better ventilated cabin helped settle my tummy and I didn't puke on the train.    Other than that, a bloody nice weekend. Absolutely wonderful to see the girls. Strange how they seem like family.  The 300 year old pub blew me away, along with the friendliness of the Locals.  Unusual, considering the rude, snobbish people at my school.   This weekend will hopefully be heading to the Natural History museum in London.  I hope to bury myself in it for a day!  Might even get to Wimbledon Thursday.    Hope you are all well.  Thats news till the 22 June.  :)  Rachelle