The quiet sounds of New Hampshire are sweet music to my ears, which recently echo with mind-numbing traffic that weaves through Connecticut culture.  A state that contains identity in its proximity to more sultry, attractive states and booming, energetic cities can only be left wanting, stranded in a persistent state of pursuit, reaching stretching its highways northeast to southwest, lining the state with as many exit points as possible.    Demonstrate to the youth just how many ways you can leave, find someplace else to call home, someplace else to satisfy needs that this home never knew existed beneath the bored exterior of teenage anger!  Exit to someplace different, or the same, but new to you, to call home, so that someday you can stop leaving, running, pursuing every day and rest in a place that has peace in its own identity.    Someplace you don't speed from on Rt.84 when weekends finally arrive.  Someplace you can dive into head first, eyes open and smiling.  Not a place where, when you attempt to dive, you hit your head on granite.  There is little depth, just more roads, faster, bigger trucks, and genuinely happy people.    Family and friends keep this place with so many ways out a sweet place to stay, with endless hours of laughing and fun, enough to make any place a home, any place warm to come back to.  Open arms, smiling faces, cheap beer, and camp fires convert those screaming exits into after thoughts.    I find myself remembering that I'm leaving, longing to stay in a place so safe, but know that though I can fit in for a few weeks, this isn't where I belong.  I know I'll get the travel itch again, escape to Boston or Nantucket to visit with college friends, return to this home, realize that its not home, just a temporary home base.    I'll hug my family and friends, kiss the new babies and hope they don't do too much growing, and leave again.  Soon, though, I plan to stop leaving people and places; my grandmother would really appreciate my having a true permanent address; she'd like to stop referring to me as her "wandering granddaughter"!