Got news today that is both exciting and a tremendous relief. About a month ago I spent an entire Saturday slogging through 2 different exams, the Content Specialty Test (CST) in English and the Liberal Arts and Sciences Test (LAST). Both are necessary for my teaching certification. Today, I got my results, and am happy to say I   PASSED BOTH!!!  In other day-to-day stuff, I spent some time at the library last night. I cannot even tell ya'll how much I loooove the  urlLink library . (Did you notice that? I'm learning how to insert links already! Aren't you impressed?) Anyway, I finally got my mitts on a copy of  The Da Vinci Code . Wanna know if it was good? Does the fact that I started it last night around 9 and have already finished it answer that? Will I tell you the end? Of course not. Be assured, it is a fantastic read. Highly recommended! I came home with some more books from my time spent "shopping" at the library, and am planning on starting The  Life of Pi  tomorrow when I get on the train.   The train (Metro North) is a fantastic form of transportation. I love going on the train. The tracks are just alongside the Hudson River, so it's a very scenic ride. I am going to visit my family upstate in Poughkeepsie (for Texans, that's pronounced Puh-kip-see). From Grand Central Station it takes about 2 hours to get there. I'm planning to stay until Monday morning, and since I'm gonna be hangin' with Grandma, I figured I needed a heavy artillery of reading material. Among other selections that will be stashed in my suitcase are Simone De Beavoir's  All Men Are Mortal  and the purposely-not-as-heavy chic lit  Good Grief . Reviews to follow. I would be really interested in having you comments on what you are reading now, or if you've read one of these titles already, what you think.   In other news, today's my Mamma's birthday and tomorrow is Pantene Princess Jenny's special day. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  So, you'll hear more from me after I return from what promises to be an interesting weekend of "quality family time".