...or at least as lazy as i get =P  was up early again to get ready for church and leave time for the daves to get ready too... even though all the weiss's (my adopted family there) except mr. weiss (who was ushering) were out of town, it was good to be back at good shepherd... it was good to hear pastor j. again, and i was glad dave (beagley) had a chance to meet him... the other dave, who is catholic, also survived his first lutheran service =)  after that we dropped off my two rolls of film from our time in NYC off for 1 hour developing while we went for lunch at applebees... (will post the best ones tomorrow after they're gone again)  finally, we looked up movie times... apparently after seeing NYC in all its glory for the past two days, the daves wanted to see it destroyed by a tidal wave and 15 feet of snow, so we went to see "the day after tomorrow"... it was decent, but there were parts i hid under my jacket for... and so it goes  since then, it's been movie mania, part 2... we watched the indiana jones marathon on USA until it was done and then watched brother bear until now...  on the whole, a quality day... except one thing  i came back to my computer and had an email taking up half of my inbox -- update from my friend nicole's parents (nicole is my friend/roommate from valpo who died in september in a car wreck)... they're cleaning out her room this summer and wanted to know first what each of the roommates wanted of her stuff and sent several pictures of what all is in her room... it was hard to read and even harder to look through the pictures and i was quickly (and still am half an hour later) in tears... i kept myself busy doing dishes and stuff but asked beagley what was on TV when i went to lock the door and told him what was up when he asked... not that beagley and me are like super close like me and roommate or anything, but usually when i'm having another break down about nicole here, i'm not around anyone else who knew her, so at least the fact that he understood was nice... now to pretend to go to sleep... i don't know that it's gonna quite work though... gotta be up in 6.5 hours to say bye to the daves before they head out  night y'all