My life is usually pretty dull, but today I feel like the Crocodile Hunter.   I was on the last half mile of my morning bike ride in Cherry Creek Park, when I heard a "Hisss...rattle" from directly under my right pedal.  I screeched to a stop and whipped around, thinking "That couldn't be a rattler!"  Yep, a tan and brown prairie rattlesnake, and quite a little beauty.  I'm guessing a 4-footer, though its hard to tell when they're coiled up and "grumpy".  Thick-bodied and healthy, too.  Apparently, he was getting ready to come out of the weeds and cross the path when I zoomed by and nearly smushed him.   What do you do when there is a pissed off rattler sitting on the edge of a very busy bike trail?  Either he's going to get hit, or someone's going to get bitten, or both.  Danger, danger, danger!  I got a long, brushy stick and tried to encourage him to go back into the weeds, but he wasn't having any of that.   So I tossed the stick on top of him.  It didn't improve his mood, but I figured that people would dodge the plant and miss the snake as well.   Pedalled back to the condo and excitedly relayed this to Scott, since neither of us has ever seen a wild rattler.  On the off chance that the snake was still there, Scott and I biked back down the trail.  About halfway to the rattler site, I had to slam on the brakes to avoid running over a big bullsnake, who had stretched out for a nice sunbath in the middle of the trail.  Several other bikers pulled up, and we shooed the snake into the brush.  It was pretty mellow for a bullsnake, as it barely made a fuss when I stroked its tail.  Sadly, the rattler had disappeared by the time we got there, so Scott still needs to see one in the wild.  He was happy about the bullsnake, though.   No pictures, though.  From now on, I take the camera when I run or bike.  To round out my snake day, I thawed out a big, fat mouse and fed it to Little Girl.  She gobbled it right down, so I regretted having only thawed one.  Maybe she just doesn't like wet fur, which is what she usually gets (quick thaw in warm water.)