Reflection:   Am doing two courses for my first semester and kicked off my studies for this a little later in the week. It has been a challenge but this subject seems a little more manageable than FET5601. I suspect it may be due to the tamer discussion forums. FET5601 has forums that just keeps on going! :) As interesting as it is, it does make for a tougher time getting to grips with an approach or idea.  Have been doing the readings and there seems to be an effort here to distinct the roles of technology in flexible learning. Once again, the focus is on teaching and learning theories (with Shirley facilitating both courses, it seems unlikely for the focus to waiver too differently), particularly on constructivism. The idea that the learner shapes the learning is interesting but I can't quite see it as being the only way to go. For example, the focus in this subject is contructivism and discussions are centred around it but it is only an emphasis because the syllabus or facilitator has made it so. Definitely need to build up my knowledge on theories in order to formulate a more 'academic' perspective.  There is also an attempt to define flexible learning. Really an interesting and challenging task since this was one of the few questions I had early into the course. My summary is that it empowers the learner but it is inevitable technology related.   Action:   Took part in the group activity defining Netiquette and Rules for Interaction. Was an interesting exercise in 'wait and see what happens'. It's very difficult going about a group activity through a discussion forum but things worked out. Thanks in large to a few who volunteered extra effort in compiling thoughts and steering the discussion. A leader is essential in these situations.   Observation:   This group is not as active as FET5601. It occured to me that maybe FET5601 is more robust because most everyone there is new. But that's just an unfounded thought. On more relevant issues, am a little puzzled with the topic goals still. I guess my preoccupation with technology might be a problem as I can't grasp how teaching online can be taught without an emphasis or examples of teaching technologies which drives most flexible learning. Plus if the constructivist approach is taken, there really isn't much 'teaching' to be done. It's very confusing still.