Status Report:  Training is going O.K. so far, Visa almost there, ticket sent back to  urlLink Air Canada  by registered mail today (thanks to Christie's boyfriend), start teaching my first classes on Tuesday (somewhat terrifying).   How is it that I manage to get lost every five minutes in a puny 55,000 subarb like Susono? I got off on the wrong side of the tracks, asked a girl if she could help me (she phoned someone who she thought could help me on her cell, then invited me to her house so that her family could escort me to where I was going, to which I could only respond "domo")..thinking that I should backtrack and ask someone at the train station but not thinking that duh..I just put my tickets into the mailbox and that the conductor would be collecting them at the other end. Thinking I was trying to ride the train free we had about ten minutes of banter in which neither of us was understanding the other. Eventually I got across that I had come from Yokohama (quoting the ticket price and arrival time) and he let me through. I gave up on asking for directions. And after all that I could have just crossed the tracks at another crossing.  Yes, I am actually the biggest moron on the face of the earth. Remember that bilge I wrote about people not having any common sense? I take it all back. *I* have absolutely nil common sense. Zero. Nyet.   I did wander around Yokohama a bit before meeting Yun for a quick dinner (thank you for the dinner, S'mores and gossip about Sistah!) and delivering her package. It does indeed seem like the "big city", so I can only imagine what that would make Tokyo if the two merged together to form a mega-Tokyo. It would kind of be like if my gut joined my thighs in some twist of flabby fate. Sometimes bigger is not better.   Total round-trip travel time to and from Yokohama on train = just over 5 hours   Some shots: ( urlLink the rest are here )     Gotta love those t-shirts that also serve as public service announcements.     Yokohama     Sewer     A squatter style toilet inside Kannai station  Questions number two and three of the night:   Why is it that I managed to see the most brazenly drunk old man passed out by the train tracks (he'd very visibly pissed his pants--which I could smell from the other side of the street--and was comatose on the ground with a cigarette in his hand..was tempted to take a photo but while I was fishing for my camera he started making noises), a run over kitten (I literally almost cried--there was blood all over the road and another kitten was sniffing it) all in lil' ol Susono?  I am slowly realising that I am becoming the worst kind of visitor. The kind who speaks no Japanese outside of "Domo", the kind who has made minimal efforts to cram Japanese in preparation for all of this, the kind that nationals have to go out of their way to struggle, help, and slide through. Seems my penchant for bothering/talking to strangers and an inability to communicate are incompatible realities right now. Hope they don't haul me off to the nuthouse like  urlLink Blanche Dubois  because I depend upon the kindness of strangers.   Can't really thank  urlLink Lisa  enough for  urlLink Season Four of the Simpsons DVD's . Despite my misguided efforts to save them for a rainy day I've already almost finished Disc One. The commentaries without Matt Groening seem to be ten times funnier than the ones without him, which leads me to believe he is not much more than a barely-creator. The show's writers and Jon Lovitz do some of the funniest stuff yet for  urlLink A Streetcar Named Marge .   Although deep down I know this will probably change sooner or later, for some reason I feel like the last single person alive in Japan. Every single F.I.A. staff member in Susono I've had any contact with so far has a boyfriend, girlfriend, fiancee, common law spouse, husband or wife. I know for certain two of the three trainers at my location also do. Not sure about the last yet but am not willing to bet against the odds.   To boot, the train was filled with leisurely day-trip couples today acting cute together. Obviously someone is out to destroy part of my Ego!   You know, I've never really apologised or even seriously felt bad about feeling single despite some efforts to make me feel like I'm somewhat handicapped for being so. I could do like Joe from "Say Anything" and say it's "by choice, man" (with the emphasis on "man") but that is only partly true (that is, only if you prefer a self-denial-filled and hazy truth). We are limited by our opportunities a good deal. And if there are only lousy, dead-ass fish left (and who knows, maybe I am a lousy dead-ass fisherman), there go the opportunities.   I also feel like I've made so many mistakes in this arena already. The next slip may be severe enough to lead to an unhappy marriage with fat children and ending in divorce. The problem is you hold out so long for the "dare to be great situation" that may or may not happen.  I think I just need someone fun to be single-miserable with here since Douglas and I are now separated by several oceans (although with the way he's been talking about Debra lately he may be leaving the club soon too). NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! In other words, all I want is for everyone I love to be happy...as long as that doesn't mean leaving me behind.   Hm.   Selfish me is acting out again.   Sure I'm young...I haven't forgotten that, but it's been a year and a half with no inkling of a prospect even, three years since a real boyfriend. I kind of feel like  urlLink Gil  the used car salesman, about to be fired for years of zero sales..and just like Gil I look and feel  urlLink equally ridiculous when reduced to such self-depreciating humiliation in an attempt to hook someone .  It's just been awhile..that's all I'm sayin'.   God forbid my emotional state of affairs when all my friends in Canada start getting married off. God forbid.  P.S. I've never been quite so frustrated as when Blogger auto-added html to the "compose" windows. I just had to re-read and corrected the entire thing.