urlLink Telecommunications Distance Learning and Teacher Preparation. ERIC Digest.   This ERIC Digest is by Maryellen S. Cosgrove.  From the ERIC Digest:  Distance learning (DL) is not a new phenomenon in education. First-century didactic lessons via written letters may be the actual birth of learning in a non-face to face mode. Formal correspondence courses can be traced back to the early 1800's when adults learned the art of 'shorthand' by subscribing to mail-order lessons. In 1886 Pennsylvania State University began the first series of courses disseminated from a university campus. Twenty years later the National University Continuing Education Association (NUCEA) was formed to coordinate and monitor correspondence and extension courses offered nationwide. In 1934 Iowa State University was the first institution to offer courses via television. By using multiple media modes of interactive television, fax and e-mail, telecommunication courses were expanded in the 1970's to offer learners the opportunities to communicate with the instructor and other students (Matthews, 1999). According to LePage (1996), it is important that new teachers be familiar with the potential uses of technology. This may be accomplished by providing opportunities to learn from and use telecommunication technologies in teacher preparation programs.   Since contemporary children are generally proficient using computers and the Internet, educators are wise to consider going beyond the traditional methods and materials of instruction in an effort to meet their students' needs and interests. From social, political and technological view points, schools need to prepare children to live in a complex and rapidly changing world. DL can enable them to do this by meeting and collaborating with students from other sites. Teachers no longer focus on a single lesson to a single group of children but rather a multitude of activities directed to diverse and distant learners (Nixon & Leftwich, 1998). Through the use of two-way, interactive, full-motion compressed video transmitted through fiber optics, classrooms can now be laboratories with access to the world!