Well, it was more like  a crash landing from the way I feel.  I think that I managed to pick up some sort of foreign pathogen of some sort and now my immune system has turned up the HEAT to combat it.  I thought at first it was a bad allergy reaction but I don't think you normally get a temperature with an allergy.  Well, atleast that is what Doctor Mom diagnosed a few moments ago.  If I want to get further clarification I could go down to Doctors Care on Rivers Avenue and let them verify that I DO have a fever and that I am sick.  How much would that cost me and would I feel better after I paid them $$$$ to tell me something I already know.  LOL... NOT  It IS good to be home even if I do feel like I was in a train wreck.  Hey, that reminds me of the movie where this actor seemed to always cheat death.  What WAS the name of that movie.  I think he DID survive a train wreck and several other catastrophes.  Hummmmmm.... More on that rabbit later.  I am waiting for my ears to pop after spending 3 hours in a MD-88 going 540 mph between 33000 and 27000 feet.  They have not popped yet so when I eat a piece of my crumpet it sounds like a washing machine.  LOL....  This is almost as irritating as having your pupils dilated and not being able to focus on anything close up.  Heck, now that I think about it I still have a problem focusing on things close up.  What in the world is happening to me?    While I was gone to the BIG city of Houston Texas I hooked up with a friend and ex employer while I was there.  His name is James.  What a coincidence huh?  James told me about a remote control software called VNC.  You can download the server and viewer module for FREE.  If you are running XP or W2k allow it to start up as a System Service and then during the install process be sure to give it a hard password that only YOU will know. Now you are asking yourself, ok, so what, another piece of software to clutter up my registry right?  Uhmmmm it all depends.  Perhaps you might have the need to HELP your friends or family with some easy computer problems.  How many times has someone called you and said.  HELP...  My computer is doing thus and so or is not doing thus and so and then you find yourself in the middle of a two hour long help desk situation where you are trying to get your friend or family member to describe to you what is on their screen or to read the error message.  This program will SOLVE your support nightmares and allow you to remotely log in to their system with a user name and password that they set up and you can point and click and zoom around and fix the problem MUCH faster than if you had to take the aforementioned nightmare.  Interested yet?  Here is the link so click on it and try it out.   urlLink Real VNC Remote Control Software   I am SO happy to be out of the rental car and in one spot for once.  I think that all I did was DRIVE DRIVE DRIVE.  It is a good thing I had unlimited miles on the car.  It is too bad I did not have unlimited gas coupons to fill the thing up.  LOL...  I paid 1.82 per gallon for regular unleaded so that is not too awfully bad.  I was able to hang out with my friend James Michael and Tom Whitten on Thursday night and then James and I met up with Jeremy to watch Van Helsing and Day after Tomorrow.  Wow, can you say ACTION packed flicks.... LOL... Sensory over load folks.  My friend James told me that the next movie should be a prequel and it should be called Day before yesterday.  Oh my, I laughed pretty hard at that.    Last night after watching Day after Tomorrow James, Jeremy and yours truly zoomed (zoom zoom zoom) headed over to 22300 Hwy 249 where we linked up with the charter leadership of Jesus Connect.  Yes, I took pictures of John, Don, Reynold and his family but you will have to wait for the 35mm pics to be developed.  I will be sure to get a CD ROM in the deal so I can do picture blogging to my hearts content.  I found out that Don is getting married soon and that GOM (stands for grouchy old man) is still a grouchy old man.  He fun lovingly calls me GOMIT or Grouchy OLD man in training.  We started that years ago (over 10) and it seems to have stuck over the years.  First we went into a Mexican restaurant where we stuffed ourselves to over flowing and then we retired to Reynolds house where we consumed cold liquid refreshments on the HOT and HUMID back porch.  OH MY GOSH.  I am not sure which city is the most miserable right now.  It seems that I was landing in Houston when I got off the airplane and entered into the walkway this afternoon.   Well, that is enough for now.  Jeremy has graduated and will be going to Wharton College for one year (community college) and then he will be going on to North Texas University where he will major in English and music I believe.  I think he wants to teach band to youth.  Way to go Jeremy, I am proud of you !!!!  I cant wait to develop all the film I took this weekend.  Whatever you do as you enjoy your day off tomorrow (if you are) try to remember the PRICE that WAS and IS being paid for our freedom and the blood that has been spilled and will continued to be spilled so we can do just that.  Relax at home and not be bothered with having to fight on foreign soil somewhere.    God bless