On December 25, 1930, the most wonderful thing happened!  A baby girl was born in Waynesboro, MS to a Baptist minister and his wife.  This child grew to become a beautiful woman who possessed something that is very rare, a pure heart.  This woman was my grandmother.  My grandmother taught me that you don't need a whole lot of big words to say a whole lot.  My grandmother taught me that at the beginning of each new day the most important question on your mind should be whether you would like bacon or sausage for breakfast.  My grandmother taught me to eat well (which didn't mean low fat and low carb but to eat plenty of macaroni and cheese, deep fried Lake Erie Perch, and Toft's ice cream).  My grandmother taught me to be prayerful, lady-like, humble, and honest.  The greatest lesson she taught was respect which we call "home training."  I have shared so many memorable moments with my grandmother.  Most of the memorable moments were uncomplicated and quiet. Granny was quiet and soothing.  Her voice always remained low and calm.  She was rarely angry and never mad.  She would not express her own physical pain because she didn't want to burden anyone with her troubles.  She always felt blessed for each new day.  I didn't know Granny feared anything but God until two years ago.  She sat late into the night/early morning as I kept vigil telling me how afraid she was of dying alone.  She feared the unknown.  I reassured her that everything would be okay when the time came.  I told her everything I knew from books I had read to my own experiences with death and the afterlife.  My grandmother was a deeply religious woman, but she accepted my metaphysical thought and opinion as truth.  She remained non-judgmental her entire life.  On Friday, July 2, 2004, her time came.  She didn't die alone as she had feared.  She died with her hand in her sister's hand suddenly and quickly.  I don't know if she felt pain or not, but what I do know is she didn't die alone.  She died with someone holding her hand in the physical realm as others stood by in the spiritual realm ready to receive her.  And now I know there is someone in the spiritual realm who I have known personally and loved dearly waiting to receive me when my time comes.  I am comforted by this.  I was worried about who would meet me because no one close to me has ever died.  I know Granny will be there just as I remember her in this lifetime (until I get adjusted to her new being).  I hope that when I die I wake up in the spiritual realm in a bedroom similar to the one across the hall from the bathroom at 1930 Clay Street.  I hope to smell bacon frying in the kitchen and hear the sweet, lulling voice of my grandmother saying "Kim, are you up yet?"  I will rise from the bed planting my feet into the blue carpet and stand in the sunlight coming in through the small window.  As I walk into the kitchen, there will be Granny with pink foam rollers in her soft, silken hair and light pink slippers on her feet frying bacon and turning over eggs.  What a perfect introduction to heaven!  I love you, Granny, for all that you are.  I love you, Granny, for bringing forth life abundantly!