Just do it, Ted it isn’t really that far to the water.  I said feeling much like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. If you jump I will too. We could not jump together because the river below was only deep enough in a spot about 4 foot wide.  Ted just kept saying no and looking down at the water, so I climbed up on the rail and jumped right past him.  Falling down towards the water I thought to myself that next time I should sit and push myself off because the iron rail thing could cut my foot up.  I then splashed into the water feeling like the coolest guy at the river that day. Oh sure we had all seen Bruce doing the backflips off the same bridge but he was 17 which made him cooler than us in about 500 ways anyway. Today I would be king, first one to jump always had that honor.  So as I climbed back up to the top Ted and his brother Tom both jumped but we all knew who had been first.  When I got back up on the bridge I sat down to think about how to avoid the foot thing that I had worried about.  Tom was slow to make his way out of the river and for a second I thought he might have been hurt.  I yelled down at him and he said he just wanted to swim around a minute and I told him that he better watch out or I might jump on him.  That got him out of the way and headed back up to the bridge.  When they both got back up to the bridge they were talking about how they were debating whether or not they should try and do a dive next time.  They knew I would not dive and therefore could steal my royal title.  I haven’t been able to dive since I saw that Shoemaker kid split his head open coming of the high dive at the pool.  I had been just ahead of him in line and had done a 1 and a half with ease.  Then he came behind me trying to splash the lifeguards chair with a watermelon dive (think cannonball headfirst) and had caught the pools edge about 6 inches below the water line but with plenty of speed to put about a gallon of blood in the water. So anyway I could never dive again after I saw that. I could sometimes do a flip but I had to land feet first.  Ted and Tom were now both on the bridge and were almost up to me and I decided I would just push myself off from a sitting position to stay ahead of them and avoid the diving discussion all together.  I waited until they were about 5 feet away and pushed off as hard as I could.  I was expecting to feel that rush of air that comes at the start of a jump but instead all I felt was my underwear tearing up the crack of my ass at a speed greater then any wedgie ever conceived. I then started to swing around towards the bridge and could see I was literally hanging from a nail sticking out of the wood plank I had been sitting on. Just as I reached out to grab onto the bridge my underwear tore free and I started to fall.  I knew that I was no longer over the sweet spot and was instead heading for the area that had the rocks a foot or two below the surface.  My mind raced through options until quite suddenly I felt my foot begin to turn a complete circle and my knee hit me right in the mouth.  Then nothing. A floating feeling and a very bright light, am I dead I wondered.  Then things started coming back into focus and I realized I was floating in the river staring up at the sun.  The only sound that could be heard was laughter interrupted occasionally with comments like “Did you see his face” and “he was just hanging there” then more laughter.  I tried to swim forward and realized that my leg was very seriously messed up so I yelled up at Tom and Ted but everything I said just brought more laughter.  I drug myself from the river with my forearms and all the way up the bank.  I felt like I somehow was the original ancestor who crawled from the water and forever changed us into a land  based species.  I was delirious from the pain in my leg as I crawled into the back of the Buick and waited until Tom or Ted would come over and check on me and realize I needed medical attention.  I must have passed out for awhile because the next thing I recall is being helped out of the car at my house.  I knew my Mom would freak because I was covered in mud and not supposed to be swimming at the river so I had them carry me inside and put me in the tub.  Mom was not due home for another hour at least so I washed off the mud and took a good look at my ankle.  I had never seen skin that many colors before or swelling quite like that.  I tried to get out of the tub but found it impossible and so just sat back down and waited.  The x-rays later showed that my leg was broken in a spiral that started at the foot and wrapped around twice before it got to the knee.  I told the Doctor the same thing I told my Mom, I had fallen out of a treehouse.