Some catching up to do   Well, Tuesday was fun. We watched more  Full Metal panic ... We got as far as episode 10. I also kept watching  Airmaster . Episode 8 is a jewel, I'll have to inflict that upon the Anime Club. Of course there will be those people that don't like action, drama, comedy, or whatever else we bring, that will complain a lot about how it sucks. But oh well, I'm not going to worry about that anymore. If they don't like it, then they can go play hide and seek and go f*ck themselves for half an hour. But let's go back to happy stuff. Tuesday night I made  empanadas  for Amber and Rebecca... They were ok, but not as good as they should have been. There were several key ingredients missing. Don't get me wrong, they were still good, but not as good as they should have been. Oh well, at least I know that I can still make them, and now that I have better dough rolling techniques I can churn them out faster... I might even make some for Monday.  Wednesday... Got to work before noon (and no, I wasn't sick - I just got up early)... Then I spent some time working on that friggen' machine... I think I'm getting close to the solution. Taekwon-do at 4:30, then back to the lab for a meeting with the SAD group. We still have that problem of needing to rsync as root... We decided to cheat though and allow root ssh without password on a few machines. Not a good idea, but oh well, can't do much else if we're going to stick with rsync. So what we need to do now is write up a lot of documentation and a lot of scripts to automate tit and tat. Oh, and the gigabit switch came in... Weee! We've also ordered a laptop, because wee "need" a mobile platform.  After that I went to B&J's with Evan, Brooke, and Shelley... We were there for a few hours and had a couple of beers. Brooke and Shelley had this beer called "Liberty Ale", which I swear tastes fruity.  I got to the Lotus Cup around 10pm, and found out that I had missed Tracy's poetry...  Sooooorry!!!  We found out that there's going to be an Erotic Poetry Night not this Friday, but the one after.  Finally we went to Tracy's for a while... I was really tired, and almost fell asleep on the floor there. Of course, almost, because as soon as I settled down someone would go and poke, fondle, or otherwise manhandle me. Jeff had made a chocolate mint cheesecake, and it was still oven warm... Deee-lee-choos!!!