Weekend Update...       It`s amazing how what originally was intended to be a quiet and relaxing weekend in my apartment turned into something completely different.  Well not completely I suppose.  Anyway, Friday after "work" I headed to Tagajo (Dave gave me a ride which was very nice) and met with Jemma and Stephanie for cocoa and dinner.  We then went to stephanie`s apartment to help her make icing for cupcakes because here in Japan they don`t sell those yummy little jars of all sorts of flavors.  Because Saturday was going to be an early morning for me I headed home on the early side because I had to shower and pack some stuff for saturday`s outing.     On to Saturday...at 10:30 I was picked up at the train station by Nitanai-Sensei (one of the boys school teachers) and found out that Yuko (Tadano-Sensei - the teacher that has now become one of my closest friends in Japan) had to go to the hospital that morning because of her knee.  Our original plan of going to a famous steak restaurant followed by a day in a sauna was obviously altered.  Fortunately, Yuko was able to meet us for lunch and then had to return to the hospital for an MRI.  Lunch was great, the sauna trip will be rescheduled, and Yuko is now on the road to recovery so all is well that ends well.      On Sunday I decided to head into Sendai to sort out my visa application for my upcoming trip to China at the end of April.  Originally planning to meet my friend Richard for lunch, things once again changed a bit. Richard was recovering from being ill so instead I met up with Sharon and Kristel.  Originally we had planned to meet at 2 which changed to 3 and then we went to a cafe for a couple hours before realizing that all of our apartments had no food.  Naturally we decided to extend our afternoon/evening and go to my favorite Italian restaurant.  It has a really cool atmosphere, the guys who work there are really friendly and really attractive, and they have an english menu which sometimes makes things a little easier.  I finally ended up back in my apartment after 9 PM which meant that I had spent 9 hours in Sendai.  At least I got a lot accomplished and had a nice afternoon of catching up with Kristel and Sharon.