Yesterday I was at work just surfing the net all day. Nothing too exciting. My boss gave me a couple of glue traps so that I can catch Mickey (the mouse that also calls my house home). He seems to be too smart for the traps because he still runs ramapant. Actually, come to think of it a couple of somewhat exciting things happened to me yesterday. For one, I got a copy of the Kagoshima (the name of my state) english newsletter which has the listings of things happening around the state and (drum roll please) a listing of english language movies on TV. Yesterday was Poltergeist but I refused to watch it since I go to sleep with the TV on. I am paranoid enough as it is. My second piece of exciting news is that after work I went with a couple of guys from work to see a 7 meter rocket launched from the space center. It was pretty neat.  As for lunch yesterday, it was somewhat of a dud. It was 2 dollars. I had a teryaki burger. It was better than a chicken pattie but still a little odd, and I also had a bottled soy latte to drink. I did not really like these in Starbucks so I cant imagine why I tried it. I guess curiosity.  An interesting side note about living in rural Japan... at certain times of the day there chimes a song indicating certain times of the day. For example, at 10 a.m. it's Edelweiss from Sound of Music. There others that play at 8 a.m., and 3 and 5 p.m. but I forget what they are now.  As for stickshift . . . luckily I received a very good lesson from the very pacient Ramon (Cristina's father) so I have been able to survive. I am happy to report that this morning I did not stall at all and I even managed to slow down, brake and all that good stuff without thinking about it too much. I look forward to driving to Cristina's soon since all I have been doing now is driving to work and it takes only 5 minutes.  Oh and in special news, I am awarding Ashley with the "You are the best friend a person could wish for since you are the oly one to actually comment on my web site" award. I highly encourage for all of you to email me and write comments.   I would like to find out what is going on in Gainesville!   Remember keep in touch. I miss everyone back home alot.