There are things, moments or people that touched us in a most special and deeper way---and suddenly our lives are changed and we are never the same again! I feel so sad then not because I am changed as a better person because I am experiencing love, and it is the most special and deeper moment that I can ever experience yet it brings pain as well. Why is it that good things must always be coupled with pain? because it is the only way to be?  I haven't heard anything from Jorge still, I missed his call yesterday. I feel so upset, so sad, so alone. I have to recognize this angst, or else I will forever be pretending and denying what I exactly feel.  I have speculated a lot about where he is, what he is up to, and how he is doing...my head aches! I figured out he is in the mediterranean area (souks and spain, or the atlantic island and mainland coasts, etc), port to port, or maybe in the Carribean--- on the splendour of the ocean, in the adorable MS CAROUSEL! I saw her on net, she looks great..with all the stuffs and staffs. She was perfectly made by some wartsila yard in Helsinki, Finland. I wonder how great people can do in this world!  Perhaps before some lover or woman of the Vikings also was thinking like this when their lover has to go around as warriors and explorers in that part of the world ( esp N,W of Europe) during the 8th and 10th century. Perhaps they also feel the same pain and uncertainty that I am  feeling right now. Maybe they too were anxious as well while waiting for their lovers on shore...waiting for them to come back HOME--back in their arms! or maybe they too have speculated a lot and skeptic most of the time as of what men are doing aboard,while navigating. Maybe eating and drinking a lot, telling their own stories, working hard, and finding comfort in another women's arms at night! oh how stupid of me to think of all these...  I guess I have to stop here. With all of these, my heart is still warmth with that sense of gratefulness and appreciation of all these experiences and appreciation of all the aspirations, dreams and experiences of Jorge as well.  I thank God.  JO