As I've written in my first blog entry, Ala Paredes is my current "object of admiration" and, in a way, my "muse".  She is really something.  And, why am I writing all this?  Well, because I FINALLY MET HER in person last night! Man, was I ecstatic! I was excited and happy beyond words! After meeting her, I was like floating on air.  So, that's how a fan feels when s/he sees his/her favorite star or celebrity.:-O   The story of THE night:   I and two of my friends went to the RCBC Plaza to watch Footloose (an Ateneo Blue Rep play).  The play was great.  Every single one of them (actors) did a swell job!  Nobody was willing to be outstaged by another, not even the dancers.  The dances were awesome! The music (songs) was great.  I cried three times and laughed a gazillion times!  It was a really good one.  After the 10 minute (half-time?) break, Ala went onstage.  It took so much effort to stop myself from shouting.  I was so happy I wanted to cry.  My friends and I couldn't believe how pretty she was.  I mean, she looks good and all on TV and in pictures, but in person, man, she's waaay better looking.  Her tall, slim figure, of course, stood out.  Even if she wasn't dancing like crazy (like the others), and she just stood there (in her model-like stance), it was impossible not to notice her.  Her number was really short, though.  Anyway, after the show, we went to get our share of the free ice cream bars they gave out.  As we ate our lemonade-flavored ice cream bars, we waited just outside the theater to get a glimpse of the actors we liked most, and of course, to see Ala up close since not one of us could shut up about how beautiful she looks in person! (Yeah, she really is that pretty!)  My guy friend couldn't believe he didn't notice her before (in Myx).    So, after a few minutes of waiting nervously (in my case), she finally came out.  She didn't have any make-up on save for lipstick/lip gloss.  And, my friend says she noticed how nice-looking Ala's feet were.  Hehehe:)  Her height made us look like hobbits and her beauty made us look like common ladies-in-waiting and she, the princess! When she passed by us, I called out, "Hi Ala."  And with the brightest smile I ever saw, she said, "Hi there," or something like that.  I introduced myself and she told me I looked exactly like my friendster photo. Hehehe:)  And, then, she had to go take pictures with her friends.     After a few minutes, I couldn't resist the urge to ask her for a picture-taking.  Gosh, it's not everyday I get to meet this wonderful, wonderful girl (Add the fact that her dad is one of my biggest Filipino idols since God knows when!).  I was really feeling my cheeks turn red due to nervousness and sheer embarrassment at my actions. Oh, but to hell with that, I love the girl and I HAD to have a picture taken with her!  She agreed and the next thing I knew I was up in cloud-nine. (I couldn't even remember what we said to each other, that is if I was able to even speak at all!)  I was just happy beyond belief! Really, really...    My friends were really happy for me, too, even if I forgot to introduce them to her.  They knew how much I like Ala and all.  They didn't tease me or anything.  Maybe, partly because Ala was really friendly and acted as if we were really friends (and I'd like to think we are). But, later, when I proudly told one of our other friends my happy news, I had my share of being teased.  She told me I acted too much like a fan.  And, here's what I said, "I AM a fan! And, Ala knows that!" :)  Last night was a great night for we saw a great play and we met Ala.  The night will forever stay in my memory for it was a night that taught me a thing or two.  It was the first time I ever acted too "fan-y" and that made me realize that it's actually okay to lower yourself and just look up to another person, that at times I could and should swallow my pride (I'm usually quite proud) and act in a way I don't usually do for what will make me happy.  After that, I also came to understand how and why "shriekin' fans" act the way they do.  I found out that it wasn't bad at all, that it even felt great within!  And most especially, I realized that Ala is just like me and everyone I know.  She's but an ordinary person, who can be friends with another ordinary person.    And, after all these, I go on to proclaim myself as the no. 1 ALA-ist in the world! :)