kaleidoscope has ended...yay! i thought we did pretty well...actually it was on friday and saturday, but den and my sibz all went last nite...we sang an encore last nite... the lion sleeps tonight ...and although it was bad, the audience liked it and the sang along to it even...  i didnt get to hear the chamber orchestra, but i heard the guitar and the sec4 chamber..liked the spanish pieces by guitar, but the pachebel was too cliche la...it was cold up there, my hands were freezing...we had a pep talk during the intermission after our performance, and we all thought we were complacent and were without energy...but after that everyone said they enjoyed everything...so i guess a little hard work and stress pays off!  after that when i got picked up by and parents and talking to joseph kor, we drove over to newton circus food court where i had dinner--hokkien prawn mee--and bought satay for my aunt nancy's family--consisting of her, uncle ben and her two oh-so-cute girls, my cousins charis and cassia--and we hung around, took some pix...for over an hour and then we went home...  today i woke up and i wasnt game for going to the church meeting coz i was so damn tired--slept at 1 pm--but i had to go anyway...dropped by the petrol staion b4 picking up aunt nanx...we got to the meeting hall abt 10 :30 am...after that we ate at coca steamboat in novena square...last moments of fun with my cousins...my aunt bought a yam cake for my grandma from han's coz its her [coincidentally] birthday...then we sent them to the airport and said long farewells to them...then we went home...  took a 2 hour nap at home and read a bit of  watership down  because i've finished the  anita shreve--the pilot's wife  already...then woke up had dinner...then i sit at the com...friendster...chat...blog...normalcy of internet life...  then tomorrow i have syf stuff after school lor...so bz man...i found this poem on christian rocha's site about starbucks: Starbucks   The ubiquity   of the ashen maiden   with her star crown and compliantly wavy tresses   is a metaphor of everything that is contemporary America:       neocolonialism   commercialization   mindless consumerism   pop cultural dehydration.       She has constructed   a whole new diagramof universal necessity.   With food, clothing and shelter   a new prerequisite is bornfor 'civilized' living:   a venti mocha frappuccino.       Drink or die.       - Kathy Balilo   like it? i do...hehe...starbucks is good, but i think coffee bean is better...  i should have done this earlier, but i will summarize my thoughts of each of my roommates in boarding school, in room 348...  kaung set zaw:  he hails from yangon, myanmar, plays the guitar well and likes to sing and is a pretty cool, nice friendly guy who happens to be in my class too...he's my fav roommate and i talk to him lots...he usually helps me with my maths and i help him in english...hehe      lim zhiyang:  this guy is from china and is tall, in cross-country, has a real stern look on his face and has a deep voice...sings jay chou songs well...only talked to him once...      liu yijiang:  he's from china too and is quite petite for a sec4 guy...he's quite irresponsible because he doesnt leave a space for me in the bathroom towel rack and when im back on weekends he leaves some of his rubbish in my bin and plus he is messy, shoes and stuff strewn all over the place...but when i first knew him he was nice...and he even woke me up for dinner...      i need to go now...see all u guys soon! might visit ahs choir soon too!