It's been another odd day. Not because weird things have happened, but I've just felt weird, you know? Everything seems to affect you more or seem generally more imposing than it normally is, even colours. I woke up at about 9am due to the slight problem of not being able to breathe properly because my nose felt like someone had shoved foaming plughole cleaner up there- sort of tingly but with no room for anything to move. Dad and Wicked Stepmother left the house at 11.30am and 10am respectively, leaving me and Em in the house together. I don't know why, but often I dread being left alone with her. I know I can cope, there are plenty of distraction techniques if she gets too much, but I just feel uncomfortable. We walked to the pub to meet Dad and Wicked Stepmother; I wanted to go on my own really, but there was no chance of doing that.   Our afternoon's activity was going to see Lost In Translation at Warner Village; after all the hype and stuff it wasn't as brilliant as I expected it to be. Sure, the acting was good, the setting was really appropriate, the script was sharp and different, but there was something missing, for me anyway. I think I've finally worked out what "type" of films I like, and it's the ones with that child-like element of dream and imagination; Peter Pan was wonderful for that, everything was so innocent and at the same time your imagination ran wild without digressing from the plot. The same goes for Harry Potter and even Velvet Goldmine, although there was nothing child-like about that. But anyway, I'm waffling: Lost In Translation was an excellent film, Bill Murray is fantastic, but I think it was a little too... human for me.  I had an odd ten minutes after that, where I didn't want to talk to anyone. That was when everything became imposing; I made the excuse of going to the toilet just to get away from it all, but the cubicle walls seemed to lean in on me so I got out. Em sped off because she got all moody and Dad was just too huge (physically and psychologically) an entity to comprehend and as I would never, ever go to Wicked Stepmother for any kind of mental comfort, I was a bit stimid. I came round though; I always do.   Dad and WS have gone out tonight with some friends of theirs for a balti in Worcester, and Em and I have had an OK time so far. The people Dad and WS have gone out with are the parents of 3 teenage boys: one at university, one in my year (who happens to be GORGEOUS) and one in year 10, who I've offered to sort-of babysit on his first gig, if he wants me to go with him, because Jack (middle boy) refuses to- I'm not really bothered as long as it involves swapping e-mail addresses...  So that brings us to right now. Another day where nothing much has really happened and yet my own mood has managed to turn it into a day worth writing about. Or maybe I've done that so I can spend some time avoiding people by writing this Blog...  Ceff x   Love's the funeral of hearts...