I have just received yet another confession from a friend that they were raped/practically raped. Why must every woman go through this particular form of violence? Sexual abuse is too rampant in our society. I cringe to think that I'm going to have to explain to my daughter at some point that the reason mommie has issues or her Aunt can't find a meaningful relationship is because some bastard put sex before her feelings and Lia should never never never allow a man to treat her that way. With all of the information available to us and to the men in our lives, why can't they understand that forcing themselves onto a woman is simply NOT ACCEPTABLE? Do their mothers not tell them to treat a woman with respect? Do their fathers tell them that 'sometimes no means yes?' I don't understand how our society has allowed this sort of behavior to become so common place that I can only name one close girlfriend who has not been sexually assaulted. And she probably just hasn't told me about it yet. Even my office mates have confessions. These are women with multiple degrees. These are women who were not drunkards, or even drinking. They were minors, some of them, and innocent. Not one of us asked for this to happen to us, and yet, we are all dealing with the consequences. Some of us daily, some of us less frequently, but we are all still learning to cope in some way. Some of us have shut down our creativity, some of us chose (intentionally) the wrong men, some of us refuse to trust men ever again. Not one of us are healthy now. What about the jackasses that did this to us? Do you think they have regrets? Do you think they suffer daily wondering how we're doing or if we're okay? Hell, no. Do you think they've gone on to do this again? As much as it makes me sick, I'd have to say 'probably.' They're out living their lives, and if we cross their minds, its probably in reminiscence as some sweet piece of ass from yesteryear.   I can't stand for this any longer. I don't know how to fix it, but its affecting the lives of all of my friends, of my family. I don't want my daughter to go through this. I can't allow this to continue to happen to our young women.   I am on a mission.