If all goes as planned I should be able to visit Myanmar next week.  I'm currently like a 2 minute walk from the embassy and ready to get a visa.  I've been waiting out there lunch hour and I'll finish up my hour which only costs 20 baht (50 cents).  This is a great price and I have all kinds of cool games to play too.  It's amazing what happens when you get out of the touristy areas.  Gabe by the time I'm done with this trip you'll have such a good idea of the pricing startegy in this part of the world you'll never get ripped off. I managed to get a little sleep but not much.  I'm not too tired and I'll just rough it out for the rest of the day.  I think I'll take the river taxi back, book my ticket and then hit a movie.   I always seem to hit Bangkok at awkward times.  I wish I could just go and get my visa done but of course it takes two working days and Saturday and Sunday aren't working days so that'll set me back two days.  This happened last time when I was getting visas, what a pain.  But I'll make the best of it.  There are several day tours I can take and I might even leave town for a few days and come back when my visa is ready.   I had Micky D's for lunch and it was awesome.  Unfortunatly it really doesn't fill you up all that much when you're killer hungry.  I'll have to grab some food after the visa run.   I spent the monring shopping around for the best price on visas and tickets.  The visa is simple enough to do by myself (or so it seems), it's a ton cheaper and the tickets I can get for about $150 round trip.  This is better than I thought.  I hope to spend at least 2 weeks or so there.  Judging from the book there are about 5 cities I'd like to visit.  This would cap off an awesome trip in a great way.   I wonder what's playing at the theater?  It's so good to have a day to just chill out and relax a bit.  Even though I guess I've really been doing stuff most of the time it hasn't been all touristy and whatnot.   Ok time to see if they'll give me a visa.