I am afraid to say that "Patience" requires some. It's in sore need of editing. Like most CDs now, it's too long - there are 14 or 15 songs and most are about 6 minutes long.   "Patience" sounds like the studio creation of a man who has not set foot outside his house in the past 5 or 6 years (apparently too busy rolling doobies).  It has a very airless, studio-sealed quality.  The arrangements don't  breathe  the way they did on "Listen Without Prejudice."  They are  grooves  more than  songs .  Havng said that, he adds several songs to his "canon" (!):  "Amazing" is  not , but it's better than Madonna's song of the same name. It's a sweet, midtempo pop love song that would sound great on radio, if they'd ever play it. "Precious Box" is one of the best songs GM has ever written - a bit of social commentary about pop culture / media in the new century.  It would have sounded truly contemporary in  2001 , but it's still propulsive and hooky. Great for night driving.  "My Mother Had A Brother" is a sad song about George's gay uncle killing himself the day George was born.  It's really personal - a message to his dead mother and uncle. It's also one of his finest ballads. The whole record seems very personal:  there are happy memories of his Wham! days ("Round Here") and learn-from-me warnings to a younger generation about self-respect (the excellent "Cars And Trains").  Worst song:  Aside from the previously released craptastic "Freek 04" (which sounds just like "Freeek" which should have been called "Freeek93"it's so clunkily dated) , the worst song is "American Angel" - the gayest song ever recorded.  It's for George's Texan boyfriend and it features gushingly bad lines like this:    Through all of those battles then you came Stepped out of the fading light Said, “Baby I'm American, dry your eyes again, Because I'm here to save your life”   Thank you, Lord God King Bufu. I wish I could say I loved this CD. GM's voice sounds terrific, but most of the songs are just a little bit dated, without being classic. In fact they're bloated, like GM's tummy.  You can hear "Amazing" on  urlLink GM's Sony site  and 30-sec samples of other tracks.