from: brett mills sent: friday, april 16, 2004 22:13 pm subject: my adventures part 9   Konbanwa (Good evening for all those who don't understand my new language)  Lets face it, I don't even understand my new language.  It has been a while since I sent a group email, so let me see, I will start from the start of April.  April is the season of Cherry Blossoms, beautiful flowers on trees with no leaves that are pink and white in colour.  They only flower for about 2 weeks so you have to get out and quickly have a look.  They were beautiful.  I took some great photos.  They of course are all gone now, they seem to disappear over night.  urlLink  Cherry blossoms    I haven't been doing a lot, I was sick with the flu for a couple of weeks, it just wanted to hang on there. Just when I though I was getting over it, I started to loose my voice.  I didn't totally loose it which was a blessing for the people around me, because everyone must hear me!  I have started to take Japanese lessons, I have done three now and I am finding it a little mitsukoshi (difficult, well I think that's what it means) I go to lessons on Wed and Fri at 10am which is a little annoying because it cuts in on my sleeping time.  The lessons cost a grand total of $2.50 for 1 1/2 hours.  Its great.  Hopefully I will be able to speak the language soon, but in the mean time I will continue to point and hope they understand me.  Work is still the same.  It is getting easier and I am having lots of fun.  I taught my students nagging yesterday which was a fun lesson, asking one student to ignore the other and then that person had to keep pushing and asking questions.  Everyone was laughing.   I went to a night club last week, one room was hip hop, which I so do not understand and the other was techno which was a lot of fun.  All the Japanese were on the dance floor just moving a little and there was me in the centre dancing like a spastic, arms up in the air doing a bit of a waltz, apparently the Japanese people behind me were watching me and trying to copy my dance moves.  Move over John Travolta here comes Brett.  I haven't been to any Karaoke for a while but when I do Grease Lightning is of course my favourite song to sing.  I even have a few moves.  The flatmate is OK.  Well we don't really talk much, he goes to his room and I go to my room.  When we do see each other we talk, but we don't share any common interests, except of course chocolate, which is the international language for YUM.  I am still thinking of moving out and I will probably have a look at some places on Sunday.  It just takes a bit of effort and I really couldn't be bothered, plus I don't know how I would actually move my stuff.  You cant take big bags on the trains as there is simply no room.  We`ll see what happens.  Easter was a non event.  Mum sent me some cherry ripes and Timtams, which was great.  But as far as Easter and Japan are concerned they have no idea about it.  I tried to teach my students but really me and religion don't mix so I failed.  I just told them we eat chocolate on Sunday but I don't know why.  I was planning a trip to Tokyo in a couple of weeks but the people I was going to go with pulled out.  I am still going to look into it and may end up going by myself.  I would catch the Shinkansen (Bullet train) as it only takes a couple of hours as opposed to bus which takes about 8 hours.  The only down side is that it is very expensive, so I will have to start saving for that one.  The weather is starting to warm up, which is great, I even managed to find a park a few weeks ago that had grass, so I laid down and watched people.  There is no grass in this country, so when you find some, you must claim it as yours, before some else does.  Mind you, you will be sharing that patch of grass with 72 other people but so long as you have enough room to lay down, its all good.  I`m going for a day trip on Monday to some place with some friends.  Not sure where, but I`m sure it will be fun.  I will hang out in Nagoya on Sunday (that seems to be a thing I do a lot at the moment, that's where most of my friends live, so that's where I want to move to)  I am going to a fleamarket and will hopefully pick up some interesting and cheap  souvenirs.  Well that's about all, no other plans, and I haven't done much else, have been to a few restaurants / Isakia`s (Japanese type of pub)  Have been eating a lot of sashimi (raw fish) and Sushi and I even managed to make sushi for a party I went to.  I would like to learn how to make it properly, maybe I should take a class. I wont be able to understand them.  hmmmm  maybe I will just make it the way I do, its a lot easier and less hastle.  OK, Must be off, I have been here for a few of hours now, I will hopefully have email at home next week, I have been waiting for about 3 weeks already, so I am not holding my breath.  But when or if I get it at home, I will be able to update you all of my adventures in this amazing country more frequently.  I hope everyone is having a great time at home.  Of course don't forget the emails next Tuesday the 20th of April.  I have already found two big grey hairs, I am getting sooooo old.  Keep me updated of your adventures and any world breaking news, as I still don't understand the news here.  Chat/Email later.  Bye for now Buretto san