oH god...wad m i going 2 do how 2 face the whole class tml??!!? i am so confused...feel so bad, gulity oH!! fine! is my fault lar dunno hu the hack toopid person say gt spot check den all running back 2 class collect all their bks...we hao xin collect bt in the end no spot check at all bt our whole class the books reali kanna confiscated coz of our foolishness...i dun mean it 2 happen bt...nvm dun wish 2 repeat the whole story again friday i was juz so sad tt i cried no stop...went back 2 class n continue crying cheryl was dere to consol us thx lot bt juz cant stop at the moment when i was cryinng i wanted 2 find dear dear bt i cant...  even dear came back 2 class n took tings--mean the food in the class i couldnt control bt tears juz kip cuming out...i had no choice bt juz 2 cry out i tried 2 hide n act lyk i wasnt crying at all n sucessfully he managed nt 2 see mi cry...want 2 hide nt coz dun wanna noe wad i did juz dun wan him 2 worry coz he haf 2 sit outside office le...nvm he said bye n smile 2 mi oni ting 2 do is mian qiang smile back the him and wave biebye...oh god can tell u the feeling is damn terrible to control...my heart reali hurts alot alot...  mami came 2 sch n find mi i told i was in sch...she asked for wad told her i was crying she was wori came 2 sch n see mi n sia sway ms tina came...dey both tok n tok...i juz took it as er bian feng...i hack care at the moment nth else cld get inside my head oni the spot check ting...bt instead of an wei mi when i was crying she scolded mi...HATE HER!!! told her i wantu go hm wif my frenz ask her go back first dun wan... nvm i walk off angrily went back hm straight...she shouted 2 mi outside of the sch...do u tink i care even if every1 is luking at mi...hu cares i shouted back 2 her n run off...  came back hm shower n cry at da same time tears juz cldnt stop cuming out i dunno y...at nite dear msg mi n ask mi y mami came 2 sch told him the whole ting bt his reply was juz...i dun care i dun wanna care oso dunno anyting...actuali bellie angry bt until when he replied my msg all the tings he said...my heart juz melted...the hatred is gone so wonderful i dunno y too...oni den i noe he was in a bad mood...i cant blame him...if i was him i oso will liddat everyting juz seems 2 be nth at all...  i forgif him next morning he was juz so sweet 2 msg mi n say sori bt aiyo early in the morning 6.06am i still rmb the time my god i still slping...nvm...told him i wasnt angry coz he in mad mood i oso in bad mood...haiz...real SORRIE...