I must tell you that  urlLink Lance Armstrong  is incredible.    Most Americans aren't fans of  urlLink bicycling .  It is most definitely a European sport.  But I  love it.  Why?  Because of Lance.    He is an incredible athlete.  With the determination, courage and strength that most people dream about, he lives his life.     Before ever winning his first  urlLink Tour de France , he won the most difficult battle of all, the battle for his life.  He fought cancer.  Prostrate cancer.  I know, you're thinking, prostrate cancer, big deal, men fight that all the time.  Armostrong's cancer was an agressive type, and it made it way thru his body and landed in his brain.  Brain cancer IS a big deal.  But Armstrong beat it.  He beat it then came back to win 5 Tour de France's and tommorrow he will do the unthinkable, he will take  home the  trophy for the 6th time.  NO ONE, I say, NO ONE has every won 6.   But when you ask him how he does it, he never fails to mention his teammates,"the blueberries" as the  urlLink USPS teammembers  are nicknamed.  He wil tell you, that without "ace" and Floyd, he couldn't have made it on thsoe mountain stages.  That George was his right hand made on the flat stages.  He is more than willing to share the glory.  Even trying to get Floyd to take a win on stage 17.    This year he has not only proven he is the man to beat, he has slammed the door on his critics, he has rubbed it in their faces by winning in such a way that it can never be desputed that he is the best.  Last year, his rival, Jan Ullrich was 61 seconds behind him.  This year, the closest to him is 6 minutes, 36 seconds behind him.  Lance has had to ride thru fans that were against him, calling him names, spitting on him, and had to deal with reporters trying to rummage his room while he was racing.  Even his mentor, Greg Lamond has been throwing accusations at him.  But still, he pedals on.    But beyond all the accomplishments on the course, his accomplishments off course are even better.  He will always tell you, he is a cancer survivor first, Tour de France winner second.  He started his own  urlLink foundation  to help with cancer research.  He has created a  urlLink huge support group  for cancer survivors and those living with cancer to connect with each other.  Tirelessly working to raise funds, and more importantly to raise awareness, he goes at top speed all the time.    One more plus, he is dating  urlLink Sheryl Crow , who happens to be my favorite.  She has given up her rockstar life to follow him on the road.  She is making sure his laundry is done, the house is clean, and that is life is just a little bit simpler while on his quest for a 6th Tour title.  She is standing by her man.  Yeah, she will return to the road, return to playing concerts for all of us adoring fans, but for now, she is content to blend into the wallpaper and watch as her man does what he does best.  Win.      urlLink