Yes, I survived the wedding!  Yay!  Well, I wouldn't have without the very large cooler of jungle juice that was there.  On Saturday, I had butterflies... no, more like bald eagles in my stomach.  Not good ones, where you're excited for something, but the evil kind that just remind you how much you dread what you're about to do.  So we pull up to the church, and it's tiny!  It seats maybe 50 people.  The first thing I saw was Marine's car in the parking lot and I was going to be sick.  I made my old roommate pull over so I could throw up.  I got back in the car and was like "Dude, I don't wanna go."  She said too bad, we're going!  Ugh!  We get inside and I couldn't see him anywhere, so I felt a little better, until I heard his voice right behind me.  The wedding was only about 10 minutes long, and it seemed like 10 years.  The reception was right after the wedding, so we decided to go.  We get there and my old roommate insists we sit at this table that's right in the front, right where the food line would be.  Guess who sits at the table right next to us?  Yes, Marine.  All I can think is how badly I need a drink.  We keep making eye contact and then looking away.  After like 10 minutes he came over to our table and was like "Hey stranger!  How are you?  You look good!  Give me a hug."  I was tempted to punch him in his face, but instead I was nice.  We made small talk then he went back to his table.  About 15 minutes later he came back saying how his table sucks because it's all married people with kids.  He did a lot of little things to make me realize how full of himself he really is, and how he's not at all the person I thought he was.  He would say things like "Hey, do you want some jungle juice?"   I'd say yeah and he'd be like "It's right there, you should get some."  Ummmm why the fuck did you ask me if I want some if you're just going to tell me to go get it?  Jackass!  When the groom heard him say that he was like "Jesus dude, what a gentleman!  Here, I'll get you some Elizabeth."  All Marine talked about was himself, even during his drunken toast to the bride and groom.  It was all about them being there for him when he was in the Marine Corps, and everywhere he went, and all the girls he's been through.  I swear to God if the jungle juice had a tap I would've been doing keg stands on it when he made that toast.  He kept asking what I was going to do that night, and I kept telling him I don't know.  Then this guy I knew from high school invited me to go to his house after the reception because he was having a party, so I said we'd go, and Marine got pissed.  He asked if we could talk and told me what a mistake he made, that he just felt a lot of pressure because it all became real when he came to see me,  and how he wishes he could fix what he did.  I told him he can't, that I don't trust him.  What if a few years down the road we were going to get married, and he felt too much "pressure" again and ran away on our wedding day like he did once before.  I told him I can't live with that in the back of my head.  So, after that we went back inside and drank some more.  Then my old roommate and I left, changed, and went to that guy's house.  It was ok, nothing really special about the rest of the night.  Just drank and played cards.  We went to a club for a little bit after that but my old roommate was in a really bad mood, so it obviously wasn't fun.  That's about it, didn't do anything on Sunday, just came home.  Cop was there (alone), so I talked to him for a few minutes, then he had to get on the road so he could drive to LA for another step in the background process for LAPD.    Ok, now for the GOOD part of the weekend.  When we were driving to the wedding my phone rang, and it was Army!  This was the first phone call he's made since he's been in Iraq.  He got my letter that I sent 2 weeks ago about all the stuff I was going through with Cop.  He was pissed!  He used his friend's account to call me to make sure everything was ok now, and to tell me that if there's anything he can do from there to let him know and he'll do it.  I was like oh my god, how great are you???  Seriously.  He's out there in Iraq, in 150 degree weather, in full combat every single day, and asking if there's anything he can do for me.  The first phone call he's made in 4 months is to make sure I'm ok.  Wow.  I was seriously at a loss for words.  We talked for like 10-15 minutes, then my stupid god damn cell phone dropped the call and he couldn't call me back because he was on his friend's account.  It was SO SO SO good to talk to him though.  He said he wants to spend a few days with me when he gets his leave after he comes home from Iraq, and he said he wants me to visit him in Germany.  I'd really like to figure out a way to be able to do that.  Anyway, that was my weekend.  I better get back to work.  See ya!