Well, today is the official anniversary of the day I quit smoking.  It has been 4 years to this day.  Let me tell you it was no easy ride, and I am still suffering from the consequences as a result of my quitting that nasty disgusting habit.  I put on 40 pounds over a period of 8 months. I still have cravings every now and then.  I have become one of the worst anti-smoking advocates. I suffer from insecurites from the weight I put on.  One other thought of note, I'm actually finding it harder to lose the weight than I did quitting smoking.  The main reason is that I work 12 hours sitting in front of a computer, and then come home and sleep. The sedantary lifestyle that I'm forced to live now is very tough to try and alter. After working the shifts I'm so tired that I have very little energy to work out at all, let alone spend the required time I need to with my daughters. I'm trying though.  I've bought a gym (universal) and a Elyptical/Stepper combo that I use.  I joined a gym for the times after work I have enough energy to actually go.  Now having said that, it's only come to my attention recently that I may be suffering from depression as well. I'm having trouble sleeping, I find myself a bit moody, and my appetite is skewed. I spoke with my doctor and he wants to try me out on some new anti-depressants, he believes that this all has to do with my inevitable break up with my ex and is just starting to manifest itself now that things seem to be going my way.  I'm a relatively intelligent guy and I thought I would know if I was feeling depressed.  I'm naturally a comical sort, and thought that because I laugh alot and goof around that I couldn't possibly be depressed, until the doc said that it's possible that it's a reflex action when I'm nervous or anxious. Lord knows I've been anxious the last year or so, but I chalked that up to being tired so much, which I chalked up to working so hard and being a single parent.  So, let's see: 1) self-concious 2) Possibly Depressed 3) Leads a Sedantary life 4) Has a thing for sheep (oops, forget I mentioned that) haha. 4) Doesn't believe a word the doctor is telling me.  Damn I'm one messed up little cookie.  Best do the obvious, Hide in my room until the world goes away!!!  Hmmm..wonder if it's just me...or is it them...me? or Them?  Oh crap, add paranoid to the list now.  RLB   A sense of humor can be a dangerous thing in the wrong hands