I have been pondering life, as one does before leaving a country they spent a year in, and I have come up with some questions and comments. What was our purpose in coming here? What did I learn while here? Why do humans, when they get something they want, not want it anymore? How do you know if you really love someone? Are we all just too idealistic? I don't think I have the answers to all of them, however, number 2 is pretty easy. I learned many things while in Japan.  1. Don't eat unidentified fish. 2. Don't leave your laundry in the machine, as it will mold.  3. Don't leave things in the back of your fridge. 4. Don't leave your toliet handle up because the top sink will overflow on your floor. 5. Be patient. Even if you are trying to get your point across, make sure you listen to others. 6. Try to take your time. 7. Don't get upset by little things, like missing a train. 8. Wear two shirts in the summer. You sweat a lot. 9. The kids aren't mean. Just because you don't know what they are saying, doesn't mean they are talking about you. In fact, they probably like you. 10. Try not to find a boyfriend here. You just have to say goodbye in the end.  I can't answer the other questions. It might be years until I can completely sort out what the hell this time here did to me. I may need to see a psychologist in that time. But honestly, leaving here is harder than i imagined. I had dinner with my neighbor on friday night and we both were crying at dinner. When I cry here, I try to hold it back, but it hurts my head, so then it comes out. Then my nose is stuffy for a couple hours and sometimes I can't speak. This is why I don't want to do it, but unfortunately, it happens quite frequently.  I am not good with goodbyes. I don't like the feeling of ends, of goodbyes forever, the feeling that maybe you won't see that person ever again. You can't be in this moment again, you can't feel the same, you can't experience the same things. That hurts me more than anything.  A friend told me that you can't stop life. You can't stop pain, death, or sickness. You can't help that bad things happen, or that you make the wrong decisions and you want to go back. Well, dammit, I want to. I want to stop time.  I know this is a bunch of garble, but it is my blog so I can write whatever I want.  Everytime I read a card from one of my students, say goodbye to someone, see something for the last time, I seem to tear up. It is like perpetual PMS. Right now, I want to go back and fix things. I want to make this experience perfect. I want to make my time with my boyfriend perfect and untainted. I want to erase the times I was frustrated with people. I just don't want to remember it with flaws.