Well, I've been neglecting my blog for the last couple of weeks, mainly because it's summer and I've had other things to occupy my time. I will be updating more often over the next few weeks.  Well Friday I went to write my 70-285 exam, having had worked the 12 hour shift the night before, i was pretty wiped. And just my luck halfway through the exam the computer crashed and messed up the exam. Soooo, now I have to reschedule and write it again. Not good.  I went on a date last week, I don't usually talk about my dating and such, but this was alot of fun. I met her through LavaLife and she lives in Maine. She drove up on a whim and we met in Fredericton for a coffee, which led to a dinner, which led to pool at Dooley's, which led to her staying the night, and going out again the next day. I showed her around our capital city and it was alot of fun. She will be coming up again next week, I must say I'm looking forward to it.   Winter is enjoying the summer quite a bit, she's loving the water and the walks on the trails, plus I've been taking her other places to walk to give her some different perspectives. She's starting to mellow a bit more now, not much, but a bit. I've been told it takes roughly two years for Labs to mellow enough that you don't have to worry about them taking off every few minutes.  The girls are doing great, they have had a fantastic summer so far and have done quite a bit. Unfortunately, i won't be able to follow through with the horse camp this year, I just don't have the funds available.  Well, DOOM III is released tommorrow, and I can't wait. Apparently, according to the news, it is the most pirated software in the history of computer gaming, the software hasn't even been released and already over the weekend there has been over 2.5 million downloaded copies over the net. Although, I'm not anti-piracy by any stretch of the imagination, it's worth it to me to purchase it for the box alone. I strongly believe that the cost of games is far too high and the method of distribution and copywrite laws need to be changes, but that's another blog for another day. Suffice as to say, I'm stoked about the release.  Power to the Gamers!!!  RLB