Hi (Rhema and Sergio my only two blog supporters)  Actually I am not sure who reads my blog but if you do thanks. At least I feel that I am not just writing for nothing. Writing is good because it gives you total freedom to express.  I want to start off by thanking the lord for all the blessings he pours onto me (even though I do not deserve any), I also want to thank those of you who have been praying for me and who have allowed me to share my friendship with.   These past couple of weeks have been very hectick. School has been very demanding stealing all of my time...personal...leisure...and sleep. Eventhough, I have thankfully had Sergio to help me cope with everything and for encouragement. I enjoy my classes and I have really learned a lot of practical things that will definite influence the way I teach and think about education. I am greatful because I have a big responsibility,  each  child that I will teach, and I have to be the best prepared teacher I can be. I just started substitute teaching and the experience has been great. I am prayingh that I get hired with a few other districts so that I can strictly go into substituting and possibly say good bye to my present job.  I have been struggling with relationships. I have two non-christian friends and it has been really hard to share life when they are living totally different lifestyles. Its hard because they are my best friends and I really enjoy their friendship. I just pray that God help me dealing with this situation and that he allow me the strenght to make the right decisions. I am also having some trouble with my boyfriend. I pray that God reveal what he has for both of us in a timely manner and that he gives us grace and wisdom to accept that decision. I also pray that I spend my time forming new tight relationships with the people at church and for me to stay humble.  This walk is a long one and maybe one that will never end but my heart is firm in following God and conforming my ways to his ways. Romans 12:1-2 has been in my mind for a while now and I just pray that I am able to be more wise and make the right sacrifices to be the righteous women God will want me to be. Blessings to all  Los Quiero  Adios Wendy