I've known you since 2nd grade.  My first years with you I met a person who people enjoyed hanging around, was good at math, learned easily, didn't cause problems, teachers loved, responsible, and a friend.  I was happy.  I would say you and Pote led the way for us boys.  Moving on to junior high... nothing changed but you are definitely a step ahead of me.  I would say you could quit high school now and live a life with the woman you want and also be able to lend your brain to some special place that could use it.  You won't though because you don't quit.  You don't think so but you have an image.  You're the sporty nerd jock who people love and you only go out of your way to do things when the girl asks you to.  But if the girl asks you to and your family needs you, you'll help your family.  Admirable.  I became aware of your fanatical love for Purdue in junior high.  I also began to gossip about a friend in junior high because you were gettin around with the girls pretty good.  You don't think you were.  You just think you were doing what people wanted.  Oh, I forgot you are good at sports.  Without your skills, you know you'd be lost.  With your skills, you were able to become liked by the people outside of our ring of friends.  All of this...your smarts, your sports skills, your knowledge of sports, your people skills.  This all leads us to high school.  Nothing new here but you definitely turned around.  I would've expected you to be more involved with sports.   You join academic teams with friends.   Nothing wrong with that so do I.   You also chose to do the musical not because you particularly wanted to but just because someone wanted you to and you knew people would like you.   Sophomore year came... I think we probably were closer now than when we first met.  I definitely have you to thank for surviving chemistry.         Let's discuss you at this moment:  I still remember what you said in the cabin at Younglife camp.  You said something like you had  felt a darkness growing between you and God and coming to camp you hoped you could make the darkness smaller.   You were happy for Spencer and I because we now had joined a family.  God is an important part of your life.  He's in your music, your head, your home, and without Him you'd be lost.  God, your family, school, friends, --- and down to whatever you do in your spare time.  This is what your life is.  It's a pretty good life and you definitely are headed in the right direction.  I wouldn't ask you to change it ever.