What a frustrating night...  T-Minus 12 days until opening night of the play, and the main actor has memorized only about 30% of his lines.  Granted 80% of the other lines he vaguely remembers, but that still leaves about 14% of which he doesn't have the faintest chance of remembering.  I'm sorry.  But it's hard to feel the flow of a play while acting opposite him when 70% of the time he is up on stage either dictating his fuzzy lines to himself, or calling out for "line!"  sigh...  And the other actor is an absolute hopeless cause.  I may be reaching here, but based on his method of acting, and the way he chooses to portray his character, which, by the way, varies from rehearsal to rehearsal, that I wouldn't be surprised if he would use Jim Carrey as a model for his interpretation of Hamlet.  (Sorry, had to let that out)  Sooo.. Needless to say, after 3 hours of rehearsal, I left the theater frustrated and annoyed.  And as I'm walking down the street, beginning my 20 minute walk home, I look up in the sky, and it starts to thunder and lightning.  It's a damn good thing I love thunderstorms, or else I would think that someone up there had a twisted sense of humor. (Hey, at least it's not raining!)  But I think that Madrid was just giving me something to calm my soul.  It continued to thunder and lightning (an impressive show I might add) throughout my commute home, yet it chose not to start the rain.    So instead of going home, I walk a block or so away past my house, to the Segovia Bridge, to watch the show.    And I'm standing there, leaning up against a light post, smoking a cigarette, looking over the west end of Madrid, admiring the light show, just trying to forget about the last few hours.   As I'm standing there, I look over for a second to see a young couple walking across the bridge towards me.  And right before it starts to rain, as they're about to walk past me, the girl walks up to me, hands me a beautiful white flower, smiles, and says, "Para ti." and then walks away with her boyfriend.  And I just stood there, admiring the beauty of the flower, and the beauty of the sequence of events that just occured as well.  Oblivious to the lightning that held my attention so dear just a few minutes ago.  And then it started raining.    Cue exit.  Onwards to home.  Thank you Madrid.