"Ms. Polk!  Ms. POLK!"  I'm greeted every morning by fourteen students tugging my shirt, calling my name, hugging me, telling me stories, and tattle-taling.  Even though I've only been teaching since last Monday, I can't imagine a time when I wasn't a teacher.  (Except in that nostalgic "I remember those days when I slept in past 5:15 a.m. and wasn't responsible for students' lives and didn't have to call their parents" kind of way.)  I've learned so much already.  And even though I'm in a state of constant frustration with myself, I know I'm a good teacher.  Not "properly trained and certified" good, but good for the tools I have.  I don't know where to start talking about my experiences in Houston.  I have all these thoughts running in my head--about the ESL students who struggle to understand rhyming poetry.  About Jordan, possibly the smartest kid in the class, who pretends like he doesn't care.  About how Maria is just so desperate for a smile.  About how annoying Brad's attitude can be.  (Although he has improved since I reprimanded him for calling a girl "fat" as we walked down the hall. I told him: "Get against the wall.  I know you're a smart boy.  I know you can be a hard worker when you choose to be.  I know that there are times when you are finished before other kids, and I'm working to help you find challenging things to do.  But I  will not  tolerate your attitude anymore, and you will never say anything disrespectful things to another students in my class.  Can you explain to me why you choose to bully other students?")  And Samantha.  How on earth do I keep this brilliant brilliant girl challenged and engaged?  How do I negotiate her turbulent emotions?  This second-grade girl who reads on a seventh-grade level, but has the social skills of a kindergartener.  This girl who burst into tears today when I changed her "consequence card" and told me that her mom said, "You can't see your dad if we get another phone call home from Ms. Polk."  This girl who, yesterday, sucked on her arm until there was a huge hickey, then kept digging her pencil into the sore.  Self-mutilation.   In a second grader.   (That happened when Mr. Northern, my colleague, rotated into the class for their science lesson.)  It's so difficult to be teaching a class with second through fifth graders.  We have some students who are still perfecting their fine motor skills, while others are entering puberty.  "Differentiation" is Teach For America's big thing--meeting the needs of all students.  This summer is kicking my ass, in terms of learning to differentiate.  BUT, when I go to Mississippi, I will know how to handle working with students of differing levels.  Yesterday was the most difficult day for me.  It was difficult because our class literally exploded.  First, Samantha mutilated her arm.  Then three Latino boys ganged up on the only Black boy in the class during lunch.  Ms. McDonald, the other member of my collaborative group, dealt with them then.  However, when they were walking back to class, another comment was made.  The Black boy started crying.  So, first self-mutilation and then racial slurs.  But the fun doesn't stop there.  Then, when I was walking them to dismissal, Brad made the comment about Maria's weight.  (That's when I told him, with my meanest teacher voice, to get against the wall.)    But, wait!  There's more.  I called Malachi's mother to talk about his homework and his struggles with converting a brainstorm into a paragraph.  I told her that I hadn't gotten a chance to work with him because of misbehavior in the class.  She asked me what happened, and I informed her that there were some issues of bullying in the classroom.  (I felt that it was important to be frank.)  That's when she said: "On that note, Malachi doesn't want me to say anything, and he's afraid to say something himself, but some of the fourth and fifth graders are picking on him."  On the inside, I died.  But, maintaining some sense of professionalism, I thanked her for communicating with us and told her that we planned on devoting an hour to discussing diversity and RESPECT.  So, self-mutilation, racial slurs, fat jokes, and second graders getting bullied.  In.  One.  Day.  This morning, during our Math-Literacy Hour, we spoke about respect.  (Math-Literacy Hour is a time from 8:00 to 9:00 am when all three teachers are in the classroom together.  We do more activity-driven, game-type things in smaller groups.  The groups are split into beginner, medium, and advanced.  On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday we teach reading and/or writing; on Tuesdays and Thursdays we teach math skills.)  We talked for a while about how put-downs make us feel.  Then we had them do an activity.  We passed around fourteen sheets of paper, each with one student's name across the top.  Every student had to write a compliment for that person.  ("You are nice" and "You are pretty" weren't allowed.  Also, they had to initial their compliments.  And when students came across their own paper, they had to write something about themselves that made them proud.)  This activity worked SO WELL!  It really helped to set the tone of respect.  I love my students.  I'm sad that I won't be able to stay and watch them grow.  We had one student who moved back to Mexico.  (The circumstances were never explained to us.  He just was  gone  one day.)  He was an ESL student who struggled with English.  However, before he left, he wrote a poem in his journal:  I feel the wind that move. the leaves and I see to the grass that is very green the dirt is brown and the sky is blue. from here there from there to here this is in everywhere.   This poem.  I was so proud.  And I wish I had some way to contact him--to tell him, keep writing, keep trying.  That he's a hard worker, and that's so important in life.  And how beautiful is this poem?  A fifth grade ESL student who moved back to Mexico.  "This is in everywhere."  Houston isn't anything like I expected.  Nor is Texas for that matter.  For example, I went to see  Fahrenheit 911  and the crowd gave it a standing ovation.  In TEXAS!  That surprised me, but the rain surprised me even more.  It rains everyday in Texas.  I'm not exaggerating.  It rains every single day, even if it's just a little sprinkle.  Houston is lush and green.  Parts of Texas look the same as, well, Central Illinois.  Flat, green, railroads, worn-down houses.  And I have not seen a single person wearing a cowboy hat!  My school, Wainwright Elementary, isn't what I expected it to be.  It's supposedly a "bad school" in the sense that it's under-resourced, under-staffed, etc.  But it's a nice school.  My classroom has leaves painted across the entire wall.  On the closet doors, there's a painting of "The Giving Tree."  It's so beautiful.  The library has "Where the Wild Things Are."  My Faculty Adviser, a veteran teacher, is so amazing.  I've learned so much from her about behavioral management, planning fun  and  effective lessons, and elementary literacy.  She's a great teacher.  And there's such warmth in the school.  Everyone knows everyone.  Teachers know families, students know administrators, I love hanging with Ms. Carol, our bus driver.  There is one bad thing about the school.  There are "portables" in the back.  Portables are like, well, trailer homes.  The same size and shape, except they are classrooms.  I haven't visited the portables yet, because the "promotional" students are there.  (Promotional students are the ones who need to be taught remedial skills.)  I'm teaching enrichment, which means that the students will go on to the next grade, whether or not they pass my class.  That may seem nice, but it comes with it's own challenges.  The enrichment kids aren't required to be there.  So, if our lessons are boring, then they will drop out.  This reflects poorly on us--Ms. McDonald, Mr. Northern, and me.  So that's a challenge.  We have to constantly think: "How can I make this fun?  Should I create a chant, scavenger hunt, debate, pantomime, etc?"  I suppose Teach For America would say that a good teacher should always think about how they can better engage students.  (I agree, but it can be draining.  They don't let us use text books  at all , which I think is a little unrealistic.  In most regions, we will be required to use text books.  And Teach For America isn't teaching us how to utilize, evaluate, or incorporate them.  I understand that they don't want us to rely on "what a book says," but I think it might mess me up once I start teaching.)  Anyway, I've tried to write as much as I can.  Teach For America is big on teacher reflection journals.  TFA alumns are always reading inspiring stories from their journals.  Everyone in TFA is uber-eloquent, which makes me feel out-of-place in a way.  Because I haven't been writing for a while.  I know I can write...but I haven't.  But I need to not be too hard on myself.  I've been very hard on myself.  I make myself cry sometimes, thinking about things I have or haven't done.  It's scary to be entrusted with  children,  who are so impressionable.  I try to do my best.  But sometimes I feel so lost in this seige of information.  (I wrote "sea of information" first, but "seige" seemed a more accurate word.  Or is it "beseiged"?)  I guess, because I feel that I was such a failure last year...Well, I'm afraid of failing at this.  And if I fail at this, then I will fail at everything.  See?  Thoughts like these are what make me write "I need to not be too hard on myself."  But this is serious business.  This is children.  Not college, which is such a self-indulgent time.  I'm responsible for other people.  But my kids make me smile.  I get excited when they're excited.  I love that they do impressions of me behind my back.  (They make huge gestures, because I gesticulate a lot when I explain things.)  And I'm so happy when they show me work they're proud of.  Now I have to put my "Ms. Polk" hat back on, go to my room, and grade homework.  Then I have to read their journals and make comments.  (I never knew how long responding to journals can take!)  And then, before I go to bed, I need to finish making my manipulatives (learning materials students can move around, touch, play with, etc).  Tomorrow, I'm teaching them about free verse poetry.  (It's gonna blow them away.  So far, I've been teaching them that the four parts of poetry are "Double S, Double R"--Shorter lines, Stanzas, Rhyme, and Rhythm.  Tomorrow, I get to take rhyme out of the equation.)  We're making tanka poems, just so their free verse poems are short and have some structure.  (I can't take away rhyming and say, "Okay, now anything goes."  I have to show them a formula for creating free verse poems.)  I made magnetic poetry words.  I'm so excited to have them make their own poems.  My CMA (Corps Member Adviser) says that I plan good lessons that engage students while having them practice the actual material being learned.  (Instead of just being "creative" with activites.)  That makes me happy.  Now if I could just get the discipline a little more under control.