Well just to update, since I haven't posted since last Thursday.  I didn't go to the doctor after all....lol, as soon as I made the stupid appointment my throat started felling MUCH better.  It's funny how that happens.  Well this weekend was kinda nice.  I didn't really do anything big, but it was just kinda relaxing...........altho I will not lie I am wanting to go out sooooooooooooooooon....lol.......but it will be at least another weekend before that happens, because next weekend is the o'so much fun annual FAMILY REUION!!  Anyway back to what I did this weekend, I was getting ahead of myself.    Ok so this past weekend, well for starters I was trying to get some people to go out on Friday, but no one wanted to really, soooooooooo since I realized it was my brothers birthday party the next day and I still didn't have a gift, I went shopping.  I ended up buying the 3rd season of Sex and the City for myself.  Well I didn't actually buy it; I had a gift certificate for Best Buy.  Anyway, while at Best Buy I realized I should just make my brother a cd, so I bought some cases.  And also decided to get him some books, he LOVES to read.  So I went to Barnes and noble and got some books.  Finally, got home around 7 or 7:30 and started working on his cd.  This took a long while.  And had I gone out I wouldn't have had it done, so it was good I stayed at home.  Also, Alicia was home too and was packing for Florida and I helped her pick out which outfits to take with her.  While doing all this at some point the water gets shut off.  We realize this when the washing machine won't work, and then none of the faucets work either.  So of course I'm like SHIT!  What am I suppose to do.  And Alicia is all calm (which is easier for her because she was leaving in just a few hours for Florida and wouldn't really have to worry about it).  I was worried about not having a shower for the next day.  So anyway nothing can really be done at 12am soooooooooooo I just used bottled water to wash my face and brush my teeth. Saturday morning, I wake up around 11 and first thing I do is go check the water, and nope it's still not on, and my brother’s birthday party is at 2 in Sherwood.  EEK.  I go get my phone to call my parents and let them know I'm coming over to shower and I see that I have a new text message from my friend Andrew.......who is in DC right now.  He was having a good ol' time with the vodka...lol.  So I call him first and talk for a while then call my parents.  It ends up taking me over an hour to get to my parents house, so by the time I get there I only have about 45 minutes to get ready.  Anyway, I end up meeting them at the bowling alley...lol.  After that I went to a movie, Around the World in 80 Days.  It was cute.  And in the middle of the movie Tyler called to let me know the water was back on.  Some how a valve in the house had gotten bumped and it shut the water off.  BLAH.  I was happy tho because I didn't have to stay the night at my parent’s house. Sunday, Father's Day, pretty much the same as usual.  Church, lunch with the fam, and then home.  Ummmmm, didn't really do much of anything.  I went to see The Stedford Wives that night, and I like it.  It was pretty funny.  So that was my weekend.  Not much too it.   This is a training week so...........I won't be posting all that much.  Unless I think about it when I am at home.  Later!