last night was great...i mean new year's eve.  i was invited to a little get together at one of my colleagues homes with some of his friends.  i was a little worried about going somewhere to be with people i didn't know at all but it wasn't awkward at all!  in fact, i felt like i had known everyone for a really long time.  they were all super nice and it felt so right.  it was how i've always envisioned parties to be...and how friends are supposed to act.  and seeing him with his girlfriend was amazing.  they were the best example of a successful relationship that i've ever seen.  it gives me some hope.  i just felt so good being there.  i even got 2 kisses at midnight :)  i was proud of myself too because i drank wine the whole night.  considering i'm not a huge fan, and i've been meaning to drink more wine, i did good.  i think i had like 7 glasses of wine and then 2 glasses of champagne.  unfortunately, i passed out before it was even 1am.  i blame this on a mix of things.  1)  i had 7 glasses of wine and 2 glasses of champagne in a short amount of time, 2) i had 3 bloodtests done earlier that day, 3) i had only had one thing to eat all day, and 4) my doctor's appointment was at 7:20 in the morning so i had gotten up around 6:30 that morning.  not that i need to make excuses for falling asleep so early...  i hope i get to hang out with him and his friends more.  they totally seemed like people i would get along with super well all of the time...they seemed like me.  i had intelligent conversations, i was talking with everyone there, i was very social, i was good at the game we played, and i could tell they liked having me there.  and i slept really good too.  however, i won't be able to live down the fact that i slept on the couch with his old college roommate who is apparently super well endowed though.  every year they make a cd for him where the topic is his enormous penis.  it was pretty funny.  it's not that anything happened, but the rumor will still be spread around so that dirty minds can wander.  being there also helped me realize even more that the guys i live with are incredibly immature.  anyway, it makes me so happy that i had a fun night since i haven't had one of those in a long time.