Several months ago I was occupying my time with the ANA website and happened to stumble upon the Chowari Web fare.  This meant that if you booked a flight during a specified week and traveled on another specified week you could travel from Sendai to Hiroshima for the low price of 24,000 yen.  Soon thereafter I mentioned it to Danola, we wrote the booking date in our JET diaries a couple months in advance, and were later rewarded with seats being available.  So this past weekend Danola, Kristel, Oliver and I boarded a flight and headed south.     My impressions of Hiroshima -- well, we spent a day in Peace Park viewing various memorials and spending a substantial amount of time learning about the first atomic bomb and the destruction it caused. Obviously, having learned about this catastrophic day in history from American text books, there was much to be learned and it was presented from quite a powerful and moving perspective.  I remember reading a quote that said "Noone should have to suffer the way that they suffered.  Even a scratch hurts!" and that really sums it up.  It made me reflect on the words I had seen scratched in the wall of the S-21 prison in Cambodia that said "the pain of mans inhumanity to man is unbearable."  In 3 seconds a city was totally destroyed and people were burned as a result of temperatures in the range of 3000-4000 degrees celsius. Everything I saw in Peace Park will not soon be forgotten.      As far as other adventures in Hiroshima, we spent a day out on Miyajima Island famous for its red Tori (gate) that you can walk to during low tide and can view from the shore at high tide.  We were there to see it at both times.  It was a nice relaxing day but definitely quite hot and we were warned of an approaching typhoon.  Aside from that, we sampled some of the local cuisine (famous for okonomiyaki which is a Japanese pancake thing I don't particularly like), wandered through a garden, and saw the remains of a castle that was obviously affected by the atomic bomb.  We also rode around a bit on their trams because we thought it would be a cool way to see the city.  All in all a great trip to Hiroshima.