Sing me to sleep by Scott  Last week I saw an oragutan give birth at the Lincoln Park Zoo. I was at work, sheepishly packing up rejections into the self addressed stamped envelopes that convicted felons send me, along with their illegible sonnets of loss and unspeakable regret, when the normally placid NPR voice suddenly had something to say. I didn't catch the details, as this was a news blurb of some kind probably tossed in to kill time, but the voice said that an ape at the LPZ was ready to give birth, and the zookeepers anticipated labor to begin around lunchtime. The labor time of a greater ape is greatly less than that of a human woman. My colleage and I played hooky and arrived at the zoo around 11am. I spent a half hour looking for a disposable camera since i knew this would be a life-changing experience, one I would need to capture on film. Unfortunately I procured nothing, since the gift shop mysteriously "sold out" all the cameras last week and hadn't received a "new shipment." Literally aghast, I almost floored the poor little black woman behind the counter with my fury. My colleage pulled me out of the gift shop, reminding me of our purpose. I managed to yelp that I was going to set the gift shop on fire. I wish to God sometimes that I had better coping skills. My outburst put the little black woman on the phone to security, which led to my colleage and I running through the birds of prey house at top speed to arrive at the primate den and escape being thrown out before we got a chance to see the miracle.   The ape did not need a midwife, or any help from human or primate. This birthing was a testament to the large pelvis and non-bipedalism movement of the ape. Anyway the coolest thing for me was during the birth, the little ape came out face-up, which is 90 degrees rotated for you only familar with human births. I'm standing above on a mezzaine, looking down at the birth from an awkward angle, kind of like where i'd imagine they'd stick extra doctors in a hospital curious to watch a surgery. The little ape's shoulders appeared, then his arms, which he reached up with and clutched the hair of his mother's abdomen. Then, with more intestinal fortitude than most fucking soliders in this country, the little ape yanked himself out, all the while keeping his eyes on his mother. She scooped him up and attended to him, then the zookeepers came out wearing plastic coats and cut the cord and  sopped up all the blood and placenta. It made me realize how unfit for life most human babies are, and how I wished apes would just learn how to use computers and kick all our asses.   then a bunch of zoo volunteers started passing around clipboards. At first I became nervous because I thought I was going to have to fill out a survey for the zoo, and this survey would include my personal information, which, coupled with the video surveillance, the zoo security would use to match me to my arson threats in the gift shop, and they'd encroach upon me that night while I sat watching Everwood, totally unsuspecting. But the clipboard featured only three questions, and two rasterized lines for me to write a response. The first: What is your name? (and Phone #?) The second, What would make a good name for Bongo's baby?   Bongo is not the best name for your mom, so I desperately wanted to help this ape. After filling out Peter Coco's name and phone number on the first line, I looked up from the clipboard just in time to see this dude walk by with his little daughter by the hand. He had a slick rockabilly haircut, a very large head of hair, and there were some fresh-cut flowers stuffed into a back pocket of his jeans. That was enough for me, so I wrote "Morrissey" on the second line.