Depression hit today.  Or maybe just reality.  The reality of no job.  I've been looking for a job since my student teaching ended in April and today was one of the first times that I really felt discouraged.    I've been sending out resumes to every English teaching job that I can find, though that's not very many.  There just aren't many jobs out there.  I've also sent out a few resumes for jobs working with kids in other areas (counseling, youth services) but not many there either.  So today I just wanted to crawl back into bed and not get out for the rest of the week.  I even tried it.  But it only lasted a couple of hours and then I got hungry.  Then I went running.  It's my sanity, one of the only things that gets me out of my apartment sometimes.  I always feel better afterwards - an hour to think, to pray, to clear my head.  It helped.  Then I showered, wrote out my frustrations, and then I heard a little beep.  My cell phone had a message.  Turns out that during my run someone had called me to set up an interview!  I called back and we played phone tag but we finally talked this evening.  It's for a position homeschooling two girls, a second grader and a fourth grader.  I have an interview on Thursday at 3:30.  The girl who is the current teacher is the one conducting the interviews and the one I talked to tonight.  She seemed so nice and I felt comfortable talking with her right away.  Even though I'm a secondary teacher (grades 7-12) she said she'd still like to meet with me.  She is actually secondary as well but she taught the girls.  She even graduated with the same degree that I have (Secondary English - Major, Religious Studies - Minor) so that was kind of cool.  She did mention that there were a ton of applicants though - so this won't be easy.  Another cool thing is that the family has two other kids that are going to Lansing Christian next year - a school that I went to and have worked with the last few years.    So now I have butterflies in my stomach and I will until Thursday.  Even if I don't get this job, I needed this to pick me up.    Funny how God waits until I feel like I just can't take anymore...