This is my first blog entry about my vacation since arriving here in beautiful  urlLink  Sokcho City  , South Korea.  It is located on the northeastern coast of the country, a mere 4 hours out of Seoul and an even shorter distance to neighbouring North Korea.   Today the weather hit a high of 35 degrees celcius, breaking a record high for the city this time of year, and making it the hottest city in all of South Korea.  It also seems that I arrived at the tail-end of a very short monsoon season.  The first week, with the exception of the first couple days, was symbolically wet, warm and humid; the type of weather most locals are accustomed to.  Now we've hit a spell of hot, humid weather that could last the rest of my stay.   My sleep rotation was off the first week when I arrived.  Despite a wonderful, restful flight on  urlLink  Singapore Airlines  , the 16-hour time difference was a difficult transition.  Some evenings I was lucky to get a couple hours of rest.  On top of that, I began tutoring and teaching almost immediately as I arrived.  With only a few Korean words in my vocabulary, I ventured out only a short distance from my place of residence, sticking to familiar streets and travelling between work and home.   South Korea is a dramatic departure from my comfortable, familiar life in Victoria.  As soon as you step out of the airport, you are in a different world.  English was hardly spoken everywhere I went.  I mostly had to use hand gestures to describe what I wanted.  It didn't help that I looked Asian, so most people identified me as a local.   The locals are fiercely proud of their language and history.  It is rich with culture as I soon discovered.  The language is composed of their own distinct alphabet (24 characters in total).  It is a mis-mash of chinese characters , japanese grammar, and english words.  Some words like "bus terminal" have been translated verbatim into Korean and virtually sound the same as English with a few minor pronunciation differences.   The Sokcho City limits remind me of a Vancouver Chinatown, with open markets and tiny little specialty shops at each corner.  Stores go out of business overnight, and new ones crop up in their place the next day.  You can always tell when a new store opens up because you find ballooned archways, potted plants, loud music and "Go-Go" girls dancing at the grand opening.  Even at the grocery stores, you can here pop music blaring in the background.   The downtown encompasses an area similar to Victoria inner harbour, stretching all the way from James Bay to Esquimalt in a single land mass.  It's a beautiful sight with its boardwalks lining the site of the recent 1999 Travel Expo (not to be confused with the World Expo), but it pales in comparison to the Inner Harbour/Causeway waterfronts of Victoria.   The locals do not consider Sokcho a wealthy city, but surprising, it has a reputation of being one of the cleanest in the country.  The roads and sidestreets are run down, with plenty of potholes and uneven concrete.  To the naked eye, the city looks like a slum, with high rise apartments towering over it.  The buildings look old, run down, and in need of serious repair.  I think I even noticed some   "leaky condos",   with buildings completely draped with green mesh material.    The real attraction of Sokcho City is the neighbouring  urlLink  Mount Seorak National Park,   or   "Seoraksan"   as the locals call it.  The base of the mountain is riddled with luxury resort spas and natural, outdoor hot springs that make it a famous tourist attraction.  You can go bungee jumping, take long hikes up and around the mountain, or take a swim in the beautiful waterways of the Yang Yang River.  You can even ride some of the rapids like a sort of natural, outdoor waterslide.    Crime is virtually non existent in Sokcho and most of South Korea.  The young men of the country are enlisted into the army at the age of 22.  All over the city, you can see army men in their fatigues walking the streets.  People even feel safe enough to leave their wallets or valuables on a park bench and not have it taken.  I won't be testing that theory anytime soon, but I'll take their word for it.   There is much that can be said about South Korea as it slowly unravels in my mind.  I was expecting for a totally backward experience that would send me home packing with a larger appreciation for my place of birth.  What I am discovering is a very complex, modern society that has much to offer the world beyond its picturesque tourist sites and highly commercialized, flashy business culture.   The experience thus far has confirmed, and refuted, some of my personally held views about comtemporary Asian culture.  I was once embarrassed by asian counterparts who appeared to me as striving to emulate the   eurocentric North American culture  , assimulating all its best and worst egos and icons.   I am glad I am here to see what it means to be "Asian" first hand.