I hit up FanFest at the George R. Brown Convention Center today. Billed as a celebration of baseball, the several miles (I'm estimating square area) display features video batting cages and pitching matchups, Nolan Ryan telling parents how to involve their children in baseball, various guys from MLB Radio trying to answer MLB Trivia Questions (if you stump them, you win a shirt), and a bunch of other stuff.   It was really cool; despite that generic description, I truly think it summarized a lot about professional sports today. Sports is another, newer form of religion for some: it brings together people to pray at a common altar, if you will. For example, you ever see the overheard picture of when Horry hit that shot for the Lakers? The entire arena rises in 1 moment. That's seriously f'n holy. At the same time, sports is all marketing, which is sad. Every time I turned around, someone was offering me a beach towel, a duffel bag, or something of that variety if I registered for a credit card or signed some piece of paper. It got fairly annoying, to be perfectly honest. And, the whole "dealership" thing with regard to memorabilia was on display - 1/2 of the place was devoted to memory dealers, and you had to wonder if Jordan really wants his 1982 UNC game-worn jersey being sold for $1395. I don't know how it all works, but I've heard it's a pretty scandalous, backdoor operation.  Is baseball truly America's game? It's probably football right now, although that answer does vary geographically. And despite the international marketing success of the NBA, I don't think they have something like this... or maybe they do... you know, with their All-Star Games and whatnot.  Baseball is such a summer, family-oriented game, and Americans love the notion of "summer" so much (lazy bastards we all are), I suppose it makes sense that baseball should be America's game.  I played PS2 after waiting behind a series of small children for upwards of 30 minutes. It convinced me that indeed, I think I need to buy a video game system of some kind. The other thought I had was that I should become a fan of the Texas Rangers, or organize a softball team for my new apartment complex. It's funny how large-scale logistical clusterfucks make me think about creating other, larger-scale logistical clusterfucks.  I think I've also, gradually, realized that all I really need for happiness is a sports-related publication, air conditioning, and potentially something of an alcohol variety, although that's entirely contextual. I spent yesterday afternoon watching Astros vs. Dodgers and reading Sports Illustrated (the Manny Ramirez cover - the lead article, on Manny, was horrible, although 10 reasons why baseball is back was cool, if financially fact-laden) and it was utter bliss.  Question of the Day Is Miami the new hot spot of American sports? (This question boils down to: "Will the Dolphins be any good?")