look at the margin -- the numbers are actually going up!  2/3 of the lie groups final done (no guarantee it's right, but it's the best i understand it)... now just the two hard problems to go.  as much as i complain about stress and/or complete spazz about things, the more i reflect though, the more i realize i am really happy with what i'm doing with my life... two random interchanges in the past 48 hours or so:  (1) amanda (my roommate) was up early this morning doing laundry and stuff and we actually talked for like 10 minutes while i was getting ready... i asked her what she was doing this summer and she commented "wow, i can't believe you're going all those places this summer... i'll just be happy to get a job at hooters or something".  nothing wrong with that -- my sole comment is, i don't think i've ever had a friend who's aspired to work at a hooters before... go figure.  we're just different.  and i'm happy being my non-partying self.  (2) had called home to talk to my brother yesterday and ended up talking to my dad for 20 minutes first... there's currently just an interim director of the memphis botanic garden (where he works) and allie prescott III is more or less running the show for now... the prescotts are rich memphis people -- he's worked for all kinds of recognizable places, she's on the city school board, allie IV graduated from HS with me, and allison (his little sister) graduated with my brother... don't know them well, but recognize them... apparently while discussing garden stuff over a business lunch earlier this week, what their kids were all up to came up, especially when it dawned on them at we all graduated together how we did... apparently allie (the one my age) already owns a business.  dude... i can't imagine owning a business at age 22/23.  my brother commented later "well, obviously his dad gave it to him; that's how it works when your family has money", but however it works... dude.  i may not have lots of money to do everything i want, but being paid to learn, keep a crazy schedule, and explore the world, rather than already be a part of corporate america... yeah, i'm pretty happy with that too.  ok, really, end of thoughts for the night.