It's half-way through Wednesday now, and my week with Kyle and Erika is nearly half over!  Time seems to fly by quick quickly, even though my days are spent alone.  I guess I've always enjoyed "alone" time, as it doesn't bother me at all to be in a silent house, with five cats as my only compnay.  Even when I was a little boy I rather enjoyed having lots of time to myself, which is good I guess.  I've been reading a guy's digital journal.  He was an American who taught English in Japan for a year.  It's quite good stuff, and I really hope that I get the same chance soon.  Reading his thoughts and feelings only stirs my own.  I spent enough time talking about my inner drive yesterday, so I won't bother today.  I've noticed an odd feeling as of late.  Before, when I would look ahead in life, I would always seem to know where it was going.  I've always enjoyed feeling some sense of control in my life, so this was always something that helped get me through.  Even after my father died, I was able to look ahead to university, and it offered me a focus point, something to aim for.  Now however, and for the past few months, when I look ahead, I don't seem to have that point to focus on.  I talked about it a bit yesterday, but it's something that is so foreign to me I have trouble shaking the feeling.  I used to tell my ma when I was little that I felt that I didn't fit properly into this society, and to this day I still feel this way.  This new feeling of chaos is only serving to re-inforce these feelings.  I guess I can only hope that things will start to work themselves out.  It's kind of ironic that I'm always telling my ma to find a new direction, live life for the small things, etc, when in my own life, I currently have almost no direction, and am having trouble enjoying the "small things."  I used to think that I had it together, but the more I look, I really don't.  Actually, I just let my mind wander, thinking of what / who is a center point in my life, and I saw Julie.  I shouldn't say that I don't have a focus or direction, as it's not really true.  I have Julie.  Well, hopefully tomorrow I'll have something more substantial to write about, something other than "I wish I was in Japan" and "Gee, I'm confused right now."  We'll have to wait and see.