Welcome to My Entertainment World   I feel like talking about what I'm doing right now for entertainment.  I don't want to file entertainment entries under a different blog title, because that takes too much effort.  So, any entries that deal with movies, DVDs, videogames, or anything else of the sort will be filed under the title   My Entertainment World   (or until I come up with a better title).  First up, let's talk about what's going to be the best movie of the summer.  Go to the link above to watch the trailer for Napoleon Dynamite.  From what I can tell, the film is by a first-time director and it won the national comedy festival award for independent films.  It was also an entry into Sundance.  Now, before you dismiss this movie as a sappy drama, it isn't anything close to that.  I can't remember I saw an independent comedy movie (a legit comedy) with as much promise as this one shows.  Napoleon Dynamite is a high school nerd who is out to prove to himself that he can pick up chicks, be popular, and make friends.  Supposedly, it's a salute to the pubescent years of every member of Generation X.  Watch the trailer for yourself at the link mentioned here, and you'll go see it on June 11th too.  On the DVD front, I picked up two titles yesterday worth mentioning.  First up, we have The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (my favorite).  So we have the best novels of the last century made into the best movie trilogy ever (thanks to George Lucas ruining the previous "best trilogy" in Star Wars).  I watched it last night, thinking to myself how I am going to watch the whole trilogy this coming weekend.  I had trouble staying awake for one movie, so I can't imagine how I would last all 11 hours watching the two extended editions and ROTK.  If the whole journey of Frodo Baggins and the Fellowship of the Ring took 13 months to complete, from the leaving of the Shire until the destruction of the ring, I wouldn't last one freaking day out there in Middle Earth, because I'd die in my sleep.  Some Orc would kill me while napping.  The other DVD I picked up was Office Space, which I realize has been out on DVD forever.  I owned the VHS version back in the day, and I loved this movie, but haven't watched it in a few years.  It still holds up against the test of time, including Samir and Michael Bolton (not THAT one).  They are hilarious and steal every scene that they appear in.  Mike Judge should make a movie about them next time.  This movie represents every working man's (and woman's) natural feelings towards hating their jobs and their bosses, and how we all ultimately desire to do nothing.  Okay, it's late and I need to finish watching Deadwood on HBO.  Best. Western. Ever.