On Saturday (God seems like an ice age ago now) we were up nice and early to complete 2 more things off our 2 do list i.e., climb Vesuvius and visit the ruins of Pompei.  At the bus stop we met up with another teacher called Carina (seems that teachers are two a penny over here) and enjoyed (!?) a rather perilous bus journey to the volcano.  The views were fantastic but the roads rather windy, almost too windy for such a large bus to manouvere around, we thought, but we made it safe and well to the top.  The rest of the journey had to undertaken on foot.  It was quite a steep climb! After the first 100 m we were clearly wondering,  what the heck are we doing????   However, it was totally worth it.  The views of the Amalfi coast were simply fantastic and the volcano itself had an impressive crater which we were able to walk around and take lots of pictures of.  We all managed to grab some genuine Vesuvian rock as well which, sorry guys, is my present to you all!  That's all I'm bringing back!  If it hasn't turned to Vesuvian dust in my back pack by the time I get home.  In afternoon we walked around the ruins of ancient Pompei.  It was hot and we were tired so  we didn't quite see as much as we wanted.  It was beautifully preserved but unfortunately we totally missed the house of the fugitives (all the dead people) which was something we both wanted to see.  Ah well....  That evening we met with Tennille (from Rome) and Carina and went for nice, civilised meal!  Then, an early night as we all had big trips to make the next day.  Comment about Pompei:  We thought Rome was pretty rough in places, but Pompei....well, it truly is full of  perverts !  We were casually walking along Via Plino when some random pulls up in his car and Gem thinks he's about to ask for directions.   Bless her  - she was quite worried about how she might answer his questions because obviously, our Italian ain't that good.  To her surprise, Gem is presented with a rather different question of 'You like...?' and, yes, the man had exposed himself!  Oh nice.......  Thankfully, we had the presence of mind to simply laugh at him and then walk off.  He was undeterred however, as he drove past several more times!  (I'm sorry Emma, i was too shocked to use a phrase from the book you gave me!!!)   When we swapped this story with other travellers, it turned out that the same man had been doing the same to them too!  So be warned, grey punto, dodgy dark haired Italian....avoid at all costs!