Why am I downtown when I should be at home chilling out?  Well the answer would be Tim's b-day.  While I can't say I know him very well he does seem pretty cool so this warrants hanging out.  I think I'm setting a record for being downtown, at least for myself.  This is the 7th day in a row I've come downtown.  But not to stop there, I'll be here again tomorrow.   Becky I'm glad to see you an update while you're moving around.  I'm really thinking of hanging out in that part of the world for a little when I'm done here.   For you guys who like quizzes here is a  urlLink good one .   It seems that for some reason all the damn trucks  trying to sell shit are louder and more annoying than ever.  What the hell is going in my neighborhood?  If I wanted onions or fruit of what the hell ever I'd take my ass to the store.  I don't need the loud ass store coming to me at 9 in the morning.   Oh yeah I was going to talk about Saturday night.  Nothing to special went on, at least for me.  I was running on fumes and should have stayed in.  But it's Saturday and we can't be having that happen.  Dinner was at Bennigan's.  I had the burger again and it was just as good.  We then had some serious problems trying to figure out where to go next.  Eventually we landed in this bar called Friend.  I haven't been to this place in over a year.  This is another case or recognizing the inside of the bar and not the outside.  Well we chilled here and sipped on some beer for awhile.  I talked to Kevin a good deal about his travels and this has really motivated me to check out SE while I'm here.  We at some point ended up in Bellagio.  Man I think I might as well take up permanent residence there.  It was fun, we played a some drinking games.  While I wasn't exactly on point with the finger game I did manage to not lose Titanic once.  Next of course was GR.  Nights at GR seem to have themes.  This nights theme was Korean guys.  They were all over the place.  The Paki patrol was out in force and giving people like Asma and assorted Korean girls problems.  These guys are really nuts I think.  There was a fight that almost broke out downstairs.  It took the bouncers forever and a day to get  down there and break it up.  I  dipped into BB for a bit and then realized it was way to late and I needed some sleep.  It was a cool night.   Sunday was tame as usual, which is good.  This was my first day without a drink since Tues.  What has happened?  Jeez I worry about myself.  I know I'm fine but I just don't want it to become a habit.  Well I met Caleb for board games and then Asma showed up later.  Turns out I missed out on al the good stuff that happened Sat.  I'll let Caleb blog about it b/c my second-hand account just wouldn't do it justice.  We busted out some serious board games.  I really love board games.  The girl who works there and speaks English, Gyeh-Son, was nice enough to sit down and kick our asses.  We ended up getting some grub afterwards with her.  In theory I should see a movie with her later this week so we'll see if that materializes.   I'm hungry.  I think I'm hitting the wall with Korean food.  I really need some more variety.  The fact that I can't cook doesn't help either.  How can Koreans eat the same thing all the time?  The eat kimchi and rice everyday for breakfast.  I like that stuff, but for breakfast?  That's nuts.  I wish there were some more foreign restaurants in this town.  I'm sure there is more I want to say but I'm just too tired.  You know I also think about stuff I want to blog about at the strangest times and I can never remember when I'm actually here.