Observed…   --Saw former classmate for the first time since high school graduation.  Heavier?  Check.  Grungier?  Check.  In trouble with the law at some point in the past six years?  Check (two counts of possession, referred to as “that time I was in trouble,” and “then there was that other time I was in trouble, but that time I learned my lesson”).  Occupation?  Works at the chicken plant.   urlLink The PETA-accused one .  It took everything I had to keep from asking the burning questions, like, “how far can one punt a hen?” or “what noise does poultry make when stomped on?”   --Frozen food section has  urlLink Totino’s Party pizzas  (my pre-Tombstone discovery favorite) now, and they’re only 94 cents a pop.  And… Totino’s has a new Mexican variety.  Must investigate ASAP.   --The odd couple is still working at the jewelry counter.  Always two.  Always female.  Always young.  Always a different pair each week, but every pair shares characteristics with the rest of the pairs.  One half of the pair is always homely, and is always helping a customer.  The other half is always a hot piece of ass, and is always just standing around… looking like a hot piece of ass.  One of these days I’m going to pretend to want to buy a watch while the homely one is distracted.    --Wally-World poster-customers of the week: shopping in magazines/greeting cards aisle, seven year-old little boy, wearing winter jacket, running untethered and brandishing a long roll of red giftwrap, proceeded to go lumberjack (with roll) on the floor and Christian bookshelf.  Mom, aged late 20s, clad in faded and grease-coated Denny’s cook uniform, paused in her browsing of the latest issue of  urlLink  Circle Track  magazine  long enough to drawl, “Sweee-har’, yuh behr stop bashin’ that thang ‘round… gon’ hurt somebahdy…”  Dad (or boyfriend), modeling a crusty Harley-Davidson trucker cap and motor-oiled flannel vest/blue jeans ensemble, then took control of the situation, muttering under his breath, “I’ll bash him, s’whuttle do…”  The attack on regular fiction was interrupted mid-swing, as Dad yanked the battered roll from son’s grubby paws and dragged the young pup back to cartside by the hood of his coat.    Purchases:  none.    God bless  urlLink Sam Walton  and his dream of discount shopping for all of America.