Well to start off, it was annoying to wear the old green uniform again. I was so lazy to put on the badges and my Headwear was atroucious>lol bummer. Well who cares...I still had to go to school anyway. So I reached school, had a good morning greeting with Nat and Marlina, went to my seat and in the hall and starting crapping about everything with Alvin. It was so lame we weren't allowed to watch the parade from the parade square so instead we watched it over a projector which of course had no sound system.Geez... So yeah then came the silly boring long award giving. Not that I recieved anything from all that I've done but just a memento, maybe that's the reason for my apathetic behaviour. Then we had to sing the national songs and stuff like that but I didn't take part for I found it quite silly. I know I know I'm being hypothetical but by now I reckon ya should know why. The best part only was to see the ex-graduates again. They looked different but still the same. Lol. So there was a reception which I ate to my fill and then I helped bring the hampers to the Old Folk's home. Lol we had such a jolly time there joking and messing around.I was like pretending to be one of those folks being relunctant to leave school. Even Mrs Pang was giggling about how I acted.lol it sure was a fun trip to the home. Glad to know that we were able to bring about a smile upon their faces.Its like, they're better off being there with the friends then being with their family members who ill'treat or rather leave them with no one. Thus proving something, friends are indeed important, its just how ya make use of ya friends and WHO are ya friends that counts. So yeah that was about the morning, then we came back to school, took photos, played around stuff like that. headed to central for Bubble tea for the juniors, I only bought some peanuts.Lol don't know why but I just wanted to buy some. I reached home feeling so tired that I slept from 2 to 8pm just now.Geez... and when I woke up, no one was home but little DeeJay and me.Well the usual, I starved. Just hope that mummy or daddy would buy back some food for me. Anyway I'd gotta go sleep in the shower waiting, peace out ya'll.