Ok I finally went out and found my own quiz.  It's pretty lame but I was tired of taking them from everyone elses site.  So here you go.   your asshole.    urlLink   What swear word are you?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    Today I went downtown and had a nice lunch with Ji-un.  Nice girl.  I've known her for a fairly long time.  She is really cool and good  company.  Keeping with our tradition we ate at Pizza Hut.  Good stuff.  I only have five classes today so that's awesome.   Saturday night was just plain nuts.  First it started downtown where I ate dinner with Ju-mi.  I've known her a long time too and lately I've been seeing a lot of her.  I wonder why, I'm not sure really.  Anyway we had Chinese and then shopped.  She wasn't down with coming to a party with all foreigners so I bid her fairwell and headed to Meabh's house.  Meabh's B-day was a lot of fun.  Their place is really nice.  I'd bought her something when I was shopping with Ju-mi but I managed to forget it in X-Milano.  So, to make up for it I picked her up a bottle of wine on the way to the party.  The party was fun and there was lots of drinking and nerdy talk to follow.  Fenton's childhood friend Lee turned out to be really cool.  Once done here we went downtown and hit TC for a just a bit.  Just long enough to down a shot of Jager and vodka.  Really really really bad idea.  Now this is where it gets interesting.  So Gumi James, Caleb and I decide to go to GR.  Well on the way there Caleb gets the bright idea to attack a penis balloon.  Seems harmless enough but looks can be decieveing.  Apparently this penis balloon had enough and decided to hit him back.  This being said he fell down and cut his chin rather well.  At first I didn't think it was a big deal and I told him to suck it up.  But Gumi James quickly pointed out that it was a little more then a scrape and that we should probably go to the hospital.  And that we did.  So we get to the hospital.  Nobody spoke English well, but they spoke enough English and I spoke enough Korean.  We got the paper work squared away and I paid, or so I thought I did.  It came to 17,000 K.  We got taken upstairs and Caleb go stiched up and we were going to be on our way until they decided he needed a shot in the ass.  This is where stuff just got crazy.  In his drunken fury Caleb refused to take the shot in the ass.  I can kind of understand that.  So the nurse asked about the arm.  But Caleb wasn't down with that either.  After argueing for what seemed like an eternity I told the nurse it wasn't going to happen.  Thinking that we were all done we split out and headed back downtown to the "new couple party" at AU.  Giver to Caleb who went out drinking after having 4 stiches put in him.  I didn't have much left in me andI didn't stay long.  Turns out the mixing off alcohols made me pay the price the next day.   Ok I found another quiz and this one is a little cooler.  I'm a little pressed for time as I have to go to work now but I might come back and update some of the details of Saturday, or maybe not.  No spell check.    The Lost Soul    urlLink   What sign of the Black Zodiac are you?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla