I finally received an email back from Gary Ross, Colgate's dean of admissions. I emailed a week ago after I found out that my brother's friend did not get into Colgate. I was literally shocked by the school's decision to deny him. I could maybe see if they admitted him but did not offer financial aid, or even possibly if he were waitlisted. But the fact that he was completely denied outright made no sense to me. He has a 4.0 GPA on a 4-pt scale, a 30 on his ACTs (we Midwesterners don’t take the SATs), played 2 varsity sports, is a member of National Honor Society, etc. Now, I understand that college admissions are increasingly more competitive, but his academic record is very impeccable. The only reason for not admitting him is looking at his overall extra curricular record and deciding that he is clearly a good student, but not necessarily "exceptional."   Now, he might not be an exceptional student if he were coming from a private school or even a good public school system. But given the economic and academic background of my hometown, he is actually an incredibly exceptional student. That is, when you consider his achievements in the context of his background, he should shoot up to the exceptional student status. This is generally the argument in favor of affirmative action programs. Sure, admissions counselors will argue, some of minority students admitted to top colleges are lacking on objective measures of achievement, however when considered in the context of their background the achievements are quite note-worthy. Because the student was born a member of a disadvantaged racial or ethnic group, objective measures of his achievement do not necessarily capture the full range of his ability. Therefore, race should be considered when deciding whether or not to admit an applicant.  I'll buy that argument. The problem I have is that race alone is not the only measure of disadvantage. Economic status is also an important measure of disadvantage (and in my opinion even more so). A student from an economically poor background should be given the same sort of special consideration that other minority students are given in college admissions processes. However, based on an (albeit very small) sample with this particular student, it appears that economic background is not considered as a special circumstance.  Gary Ross tried to argue two things in his email response to me. First, he highlighted the "strength of the accepted students" this year. Average GPA 4.0, mid 50% ACT scores 30-33. Throwing these numbers at me does absolutely nothing to quell my concern over this situation, considering that the student in question is well within these numbers and thus should have been considered academically strong. He also tried to point out that no, indeed, Colgate DOES accept poor kids. Why…this year alone they accepted 200 students who parents make under $40K a year. My response to this is that 1). Of course I know they accept poor students, considering that I was a poor kid accepted to their school. 2). These 200 students represent roughly 9.5% of the students accepted. Racial minorities represent 24% of the accepted class. While I am sure financial aid dollars prohibit nearly a quarter of the student body to be in this income bracket, these numbers are hardly comparable. Furthermore, given the unfortunate situation in our country where racial minorities are more likely to be economically disadvantaged I would argue that there is much overlap between the 9.5% and the 24%. If I had to guess, the proportion of poor, white, males would probably be 1-2% of the admitted class. Furthermore, spouting off numbers does not provide any insight into the admissions procedures. One charge against affirmative action programs is that entering minority students have lower objective measures of achievement, though as admissions professionals will argue these lower objective measures do not necessarily represent lower ability. Of course there are smart, high achieving economically disadvantaged students. However, the question that is still not answered is if these economically disadvantaged kids are considered in light of this adversity, and thus would tend to have lower objective measures.  That's enough of that tirade. My mom just called me and told me brother did not get into Ithaca College which was his first choice school. I think, based on their student profile, that he should have gotten in. I'm happy I’m not applying to college again this year, obviously it's a really crazy year for admissions.  urlLink  postCount('108119943290798808');