dude... in 15 days i will be one happy camper... until then, STRESS.  i'm actually not doing too bad... but like, (1) major graph theory assignment to do in the next week, and i'm not encouraged to start after my record low score on the last one (2) analysis homework due in 3 days... leigh and i worked for quite a bit of the afternoon today and solved absolutely nothing (3) i have to teach part the lie groups lecture tomorrow... mostly i'm set... i figure the things i don't know how to explain on my own i list as "preliminaries" before i start to prove the theorem i'm proving and give page references in our text book for them... that works, right?  it worked last time at least! =P  mostly, i'll just be glad to have a break for a bit!  hitch to the vegas trip... eric and me were way excited to get tickets to see "O" (cirque du soleil)... went to buy them online tonight and saw there are no monday or tuesday shows!  my flight gets into vegas at 8:40pm on a sunday, so we could get tickets to the 10:30 show and be royally screwed if my plane is late, get tickets for wednesday night and delay leaving vegas for 2 days later than we planned on, or not see the show... we were frustrated by all of the above and decided to think about it (moving my plane to earlier on sunday would cost $50 plus the difference between the two fares...)... we shall see.  leigh and i visited another apartment today that was pretty cool (colleen was en route back from boston, and thus didn't come with)... the landlord was really nice... it's the top floor apartment of a two-apartment house... we'd get 3 bedrooms, a common room, a kitchen, a bathroom, AND a whole attic with the floor space of all the other rooms combined to use as an extra rec/party room... basement space besides with our own washer/dryer... the basement was kinda yucky, but mostly because the current tenants were a little sloppy... space wise, the attic was a nice feature... we'd each have to pay $600/month for the place...  we'll see where we end up.  that's pretty much the scoop... back to work for a little. later dudes.