...And Car and Gun and Spotlight...  Hehe, shooting was fun last night. We left at 9:30 (right when the final of Alias was about to start. Hope the VCR worked). Bevan, Travis, Mandy (not  the  Mandy) and myself went out last night. There were heaps of them, and a couple foxes. The first one we (meaning they) tried to shoot was a really energestic one. He was jumping all over the place. In the end Bevan (driving/shooting) passed the gun to Travis (holding spotlight) so they could try and get the roo on the move. It was like on of those highspeed chase cop shows you see on tv. However, Travis missed too and the kangaroo jumped right over the fence.   On a side note, we were listening to ABC radio and there was this quiz thing on. The 23rd question was "What is the most poisonous fish in the world, with spikes that become erect?" I guessed Stonefish right away. Some idiot rang up and guessed Box Jellyfish. Do Jellyfish have erect spines? No, duh! I was right, woohoo. (Note, out of 25 questions this was the only one I thought of an answer for.)  We got like 5 kangaroos that night. One of them dropped its joey and Travis went out and picked it up. It was sooo cute! So I said "It's sooo cute!". He brought it over for me to hawve a closer look. It has big dark brown eyes and cute little paws. I patted it on the head. Then Travis gently lifted it out of the window and bashed its head against the ute and it died instantly.  It's been raining today so I've had lunch onwards off. There's nothing much really to be done, so there's no use getting even wetter. We had to move a couple sows close to giving birth, and move some stys and fill them with hay. Stys are actually rather clean, by the way.  Travis fell over in the mud... twice... Hehehe  Damn karma. I had to shut one of the gates but couldn't. He ground was turning into liquid under my feet. Not matter how hard I pushed the metal post didn't go forwards; I just went backwards. The gates by the way are nots swinging shut gates, more like metal pole with wite a wire fence attached, and you have to pull the metal pole over, tensing up the fence wire stuff, and hook a wire loop attached to the pole onto the post thats part of the fence. Getting it off is easy. Getting it back on when you have no friction with the ground is slightly more difficult.  Something happened yesterday that I was going to write about, but I've totally forgotten it.  I don't like the ute. Two seats, three people. Hmm... Go figure. I prefer the station wagon. At least it's not cramped.  Another bad thing about rain: the mud. My boots accumulated about 5 cm of slippery mud. Even walking on normal non-muddy ground resulted in me sliding.  Brr... it's cold. I had pancakes for lunch. Yummy!  Hey Morgan, what's brought around this anger towards trend setting. Can't wait to hear from you. As for everyone else who knows about this website, come read and post! I know it's pointless saying that if you don't check it. Oh well.  This is Hayden signing off.  (There's nothing like being isolated for making big blog posts)