it seems like i've been doing a lot of late-night blogs lately... which means that under most circumstances, i've been staying up late and sleeping during the day... meaning, like my dear cousin, i'm beginning to pick up his habits of being nocturnal instead of, rather, diurnal. seems like i have something to talk about in the nighttime anyway. maybe my brain's beginning to take a different gear forward. i actually got a song stuck in my head today, one that i haven't heard in forever. you know the musical, "cats?" the one that used to be a big hit by i-forget-his-name-but-someone-supposedly-famous? anyway, one song, called "memories" just popped into my head. i don't even know the lyric to teh whole song, but i know the tune in general, so that really caught on quick. and then like every other idea i get, something else has to catch on, and then it just goes on and on and on... it's real weird because my brain continually cahnges subjects whenever it can, even now as i'm writing this. it constantly changes, so i'm going to have to force the subject back again...  ...memories... it seemed only a year or so back when i actually arrived at this new "home." the term's so funny these days. so different from new orleans, and definitely a change of culture. so far, one out of every twenty person has actually heard the country "zambia," and out of them, maybe one in ten people have heard of "lusaka." so many good people have i met here... it wasn't hard to find. unlike newman, in which it took ages, and people changed so quickly, that you didn't know if they were your friends the next day at times. oh, you had people like will who always looked out for you, adn what-not. but it seemed i knew less people there. sure, i got my first taste of love in new orleans, but i screwed up real bad there. and it seems like second chances of that nature are hard to find. maybe i just changed too much.  i wrote a piece called "memory lane." this is pretty much my blab on what was there.   time always moves forward. you can never go back, at least, not with the present stuff. we can always look back, but it's always just an empty shell. the only reason why it was so alive was that it had the life of present tense. the present is for the iving, the past is dead. it will never really return again, and if it does, it will never be the same again. that's the point of living in the present. to savor it, because in the end, it'll become the past, an empty shell of what we call "memories." the term "present" is absolutely hilarious, because as we speak, present immediately turns into past. every step you take in memory lane, the moment that you lean forward to walk, the moment that you decide to take that step even, you have already walked past something of memory lane. that present has turned to past. every hour, every minute, every second, every moment. i think stephen king's "langoliers" made the best sense. the past gets eaten up by these creatures because they are needless, because it will be dead. no life is in the past, it only lives on in memory. the present is filled with those alive, the past is gone and gets eaten away, and the future is always being prepared, set up, and you have to understand that while the future is created, the past is destroyed, and the present is just the flow tha tallows something from "created" to "destroyed."  i know one of my largest flaws is that i look back at the past too much. i always look back, and i always see the past. i rarely look forward, because when i do, i always seem to look too far foward, something that won't take place for a while yet. but when i do, it seems like my logic is to say, "being that far away, it will come too soon." too soon... i worry so much, because it always seems like my sixteen years was a blink, so i think that the inevitable's a blink as well. i worry too much about the future. and the past? i always look at the good old days, wishing they would come back. good memories, and wishing with envy i could relive them again, rather, redo some again. i've made mistakes too many times that i wouldn't ever want to repeat again, but it always seems like i do. people say to "live your life with regret," but it seems like when i try, i always do. what does that say? my heart is full of doubt, and i have myself to blame.  it's hard to walk forward, and live in the present when people say to "don't look back," or "don't look forward." it's like telling someone to not think about something. that idea then springs to your mind, and then you can't ever think it out again. that's the problem with our brains... ones we don't want to think, when we consciously don't want to think, always spring to mind. then when you want to get rid of them, they won't. it'll always be in a corner of your mind, until you get your mind subconsciously on something else. then it disappears forever.  sometimes, i wish that the people i know i've made mistakes towards would see this blog. i guess i look back at the past filled with regrets because i realize that some, which can be fixed and partially mendable for the future, are not. i guess it always starts with an apology, or it starts somehow with a phrase or word. i guess i owe so many people apologies that i want to deny that i don't, that in the end, i have to look back to relive them again. egotistic, isn't it? the fact that i want to mend something seems to be that it's for me. who can say? i guess in the end, it's always just for us. love, anger, despair, sorrow... but  i guess some of these help in the end, don't they?  i made a very large mistake recently that i want to undo. logic says that i can't go back in time, so it must be mended now, while it's all fresh. and an apology is probably what's needed, and hopefully with time one forgiven and brought back. memory lane...once you walk past something, that is gone forever. so you have to do something the second that you DON'T walk past it.  i hate to be so corny at this stage, but... you have to seize the moment. carpe diem. sieze the day.