I had a pretty normal week, a few cool things, but  I thought I'd review it to shed a little insight on a dmh week.  DMH Week in review. Starting with: Thursday, March 18 - I was a sub for a P.E. teacher at Hillview middle school.  I worked with Tisa.  It was picture day for the jr highers.  all i did all day was read the newspaper.  After school I read some bible, then I wrote a few pages on my 'bigfoot' script in the writing room at the Bayou, then I skipped my weekly bowling night because Brent invited me to go down to L.A. to see Barry Cavin's (ex- biola theater prof) new play 'fetish.'  friday,  March 19 - I was back at hillview m.s. in a class that I've subbed for before.  It was 8th grade language arts and social studies.  the class watched an Anne Frank video (babe!) and I surfed the internet all day.  Then I went home, read some bible, and wrote on the script for a while.  at night Billy, Dan, Frank and I saw "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" in Long Beach.  We got some brews at E.J. Malloy's afterwards.  I didn't spend the night in Long Beach though, which is a departure from my normal weekly activities (i'll do it tonight :) )     saturday, March 20 - Went with Frank down to a protest march down in Hollywood.    It was protesting American military occupation overseas.  I don't like the amount of US involvment overseas, but I went mostly to see the show.  It was incredible!  Thousands of people going crazy.  Signs, chanting, drums, shouting, preformance art, anarchists, democrats, socialists, homosexuals, palestinians, koreans, me, frank, a hummer made out of cardboard, excellent.  I loved it.  I met a hot muslim babe too.  Frank got all up in her game though.  Frank introduced my to the famous LA street hot dog.  It rocked.  a hot dog wrapped in bacon bought from a street cart.  yum!  Then i went home , read some bible, and wrote the rest of the night i think.  sunday - march 21 - went to church (grace brethren of long beach). i talked matt maust and nate warkentin too long though and missed the adult bible fellowship i go too afterward.  ate lunch with matt miller, frank, Bryan mazarello and hsi wife down on at pauls place 2nd st in L.B. i had a savory gyro.  we walked around belmont shores and I went home, wrote a little and then went to Matt bethancourt's engagment party  monday, march 22 - kindergarden at Ceres elementary.  It was exhausting.  oh, but i had a huge lunch break on which for some reason i went to stater brothers and bought 10 cans of wolfgang puck soup. I'm pretty sure all i did that day was read the bible then write on the script (seriously, exciting life, huh?).  tuesday march 23 -  1st grade at scott avenue.  I liked this class.  They were a bunch of huggers.  cute kids.  We learned about the number 10.  He hopped 10 times.  counted 10 shamrock and 10 stars, and colored 10 flowers and I drank 10 cups of coffee (well, almost.  I've really been pounding the coffee lately.).  After school, Jesse was back from hawaii so we ordered a little caeser, talked about our scripts and watched 'modern times' a charlie chaplin flick.  I don't think i wrote too much this day.  i chilled on the porch at the Bayou (matt, andy and jesse's place), then went home and bibled it up.  wednesday march 24 - i had a half day at oceanview, one of my favorite schools, the day started at 11:30a.m, so i slept in (yea!), made some coffee and bibled it. until work.  Dude, what did I do wednesday? oh yeah.  I wrote a little after school, started reading "for whom the bell tolls" by hemmingway,  then Dan, Billy and I went to a Long Beach state baseball game.  Jared Weaver, one of the top pitchers in the nation, was throwing.  it was cool, but the best part was this 'mascot' at the game named Joe.  He was hilarious.  I didn't really understand the whole thing though.  He wore a LB State jersey that said "joe" on the back and walked around carrying a laminated picture of a woman from the JC penny catalog.  he made fuuny faces and noises at people and was mentally hadicapped.  seriously.  between innings, he was "elvis joe" and put on a wig and danced and sang and played guitar.  i don't know, dude.  afterwards Andy met up with us and we had some pints a EJ Malloy's  thursday march 25 - for some reason I was in a serious funk yesterday.  I was down in the dumps, like really depressed.  I was back at oceanview.  The day went ok, but I got a huge headache, went home laid on the couch.  I didn't feel like writing, reading Hem or the bible, or watching a movie, or taking a nap.  I was in limbo and it sucked and i had a headache.  Ever feel like that.  it wasn't that I didn't have motivation, but everything that i would normal do appeared repulsive to me.  I wanted to run away.  I was depressed about writing, about relationships (or lack of femaleness), my own spiritual state before God, everything.  I hiked up taranutula hill, which is a few blocks from my place.  form there you can see the ocean, LA, Long beach, orange county, catalina island, most of the Southland really.  its one of my favorite spots.  I like trying to figure out where things are like a really life Rand mcNally in front of me.  I watched the sun go down and the lights come out.  the sky was beautiful.  baby blue, and purple and orange and black with all the greater la lights too.  It was great.  I still had a headache though and was still serverly depressed.  i wanted to drop out of society.  Then i began to remember memory verses I had learned on Teen Mission Int'l went i went to Ukraine and Thailand and Belieze.  I started saying them out loud.  verses like matt 10:28-30 and jer. 33:3 and phil 4:13 and Romans 8:18, 28, and 38-39, Acts 1:8, john 3:16,  Dude, it was like i could remember them all.  i had a huge peace.  afterward I went to hear matt miller read some poetry and then we all hit up bowling night in LBC with billy and dan.  friday, march 26  today is great.  i skipped work.  and got up at 11:30.  i'm doing the read through the bible in a year and i read in deuteronomy.  it's rough man.  repitition.  but i'm getting through it.   Then i hit up "For Whom.." I was listening to jazz while i was reading, then it hit me.  There's this cd, by Christopher o'brien.  it's solo piano of Radiohead songs.  I really wanted that cd right then.  I just had an urge.  it was like the munchies..  so i went up and put my laundry in at the MAT and bought the cd uptown at loevels.  it is incredible.  earlier i talked about how radiohead puts me in the trance like state.  well, i'm listing to it on my disc man.  i go back to the laundrymat and put my clothes in the dryer.  i sat there listening to my cd watching my clothes spin for about 10 minutes.  it was hypnotic.  i was in trance or something, but is the most peaceful I've felt in a long time.  i recomend doing it some time.  i just watched the dryer.  "oh theres my tigers shirt, there's my cat in the hat boxers, there my towel, theres my red boxer briefs, there's my paisley shirt..."  i loved it.  i wish i would have stayed all afternoon.  then i ate at this new cafe in Uptown whitter 'crepes and grape"  i had a chickem, roma tomato, feta cheese, mushroom, whole wheat crepe with an espresso.  i dreamt i was in europe.  it was so savory.  it was the most satisfied i've been my a meel in a long time.  today has been incredible