On Friday, I took the City Liner bus wanting to go down to Asia Jaya and take the LRT to Taman Bahagia. When I told the bus driver that I wanted to go to Asia Jaya, he said that he needs to refill the petrol and so won't be passing through Asia Jaya. However, he said I could follow him down to Section 15 because there will be more buses there. So, I went on the bus and sat behind the driver's seat, so that he can tell me where to get down. However, the bus driver never said a thing and so I sat there like a dummy, knowing that something is really wrong yet don't know what to do. So, I was looking out the window all the time trying to figure where I am. Then suddenly, I saw a LRT train passing by. Trusting that there must be a LRT station near by, I got off the bus at the nearest stop and followed the trail of the LRT railway to its station, only to find that I landed myself in Pasar Seni. So, realizing that I must be somewhere near the centre of the city, I decided to go sightseeing. To my delight, I found out that Petaling Street was just around the corner. So although I got myself lost, it was quite rewarding at the end, as I got myself more familiar with the surrounding area.     I asked Wei Chun and Yi Loon to go out on Saturday. Sadly, Yi Loon said he wasn't feeling well and didn't want to go.     We went to KLCC and had our lunch there. One thing I learned there is that a plate of rice with a piece of fried chicken, some veg and a cup of soya bean can cost up to RM 8+ ( Luckily I wasn't the one who bought it :P ).    As we had absolutely nothing to buy, we wanted to take a tour to the bridge. Unfortunately, the tickets for that day had finish.     After that, we wanted to go to Mid Valley Mega Mall. When I was coming to KLCC from Taman Bahagia, I noticed that the nearest LRT station from Mega Mall is at Abdullah Hukum.     So, we took the LRT there and came out of the station looking for the Putra Line buses. As we could find none, I asked a Malay girl in school uniform how do I go to Mega Mall.     She told us that we should take the LRT back to Bangsar and wait for buses there.     As we didn't want to take another trip on the LRT, we decided to take a cab. Yet, all the cabs passed by without stopping. We were not able to walk to Mega Mall as it was raining quite heavily.    Finally, the girl from whom I asked direction came and asked us whether we want to "tumpang" or not, and we accepted the offer.     When I reached Mega Mall, I messaged Wai Peng asking him how do I get back to SS2. He told me I could take bus 99 back.    At Mega Mall, we met Shyr Jinn ( my secondary school classmate) and his mom and brother.     At 3.30pm I decided to go back. So, I came out through South Court (I saw that there is a bus stop there when I came) and saw a Metro bus 99 and on it was written " Mega Mall-SS2" , so I hop onto it. The bus driver didn't ask where I was going but just asked me to pay RM1.20.    On the bus I suddenly remembered it was someone's birthday that day. So I was trying to find out who's birthday it was, and I got to know that it was Chun Yang's birthday.     Suddenly I realized that the surrounding area seems very familiar. When I look out the window, I saw that Petaling Street was just outside the bus!!    And so I landed myself in Pasar Seni by mistake twice in 2 days time :~(    Again, it was a good experience, getting myself familiar with places and to remind myself always ask the  bus driver which direction it's going....