Softball.  I covered another softball playoff game.  I tried to Hunter S. Thompson this one.  Phrases that got cut from my article include "She was half Kelly Osbourne, half Eric Gagne" and "McPherson castrated the Rebel offense. Few balls left the infield."  I thought the last one was especially funny.  One of the nightly exersizes is thinking of a headline.  It has to be witty and functional at the same time.  For instance, when the Angels forced the Giants into a game 7 in last years world series, the headline was "Tied and Gone to Seven." Last night's involved the Ducks losing the first game of the Stanley Cup finals to the New Jersey Devils.  I first suggested "Ducks go to Hell." but that didn't fly.  I tried to think of what Devils do, what ducks to, how to describe the Ducks getting stomped.  Then I remembered Norm Mcdonald on the Dennis Miller show.  We was talking about the painting "piss Christ' which depicted a crucifix in a jar of urine.  McDonald when on to say what he thought the Devil would to do that "artist" when he got to hell. I echoed McDonald's sentiments in the form of a head line for the Sports section, but my editor didn't think it would work at a family newspaper.  oh well.   http://www.avpress.com/n/westy16.htsRebels ousted This story appeared in the Antelope Valley Press Wednesday, May 28, 2003.  By DARREN HARBAUGH  Valley Press Staff Writer ------------------------------------------------------------------------ QUARTZ HILL - On a sweltering Antelope Valley afternoon, Quartz Hill's hitting was drier than the desert air. Royal shut out Quartz Hill 6-0 on Tuesday in the second round of the CIF-Southern Section Division I playoffs. The story of the game was Highlander pitcher Jordan McPherson. She was an imposing presence, leaping off the mound and grunting fiercely after every pitch. "The intimidation was the speed of the pitches coming in," Quartz Hill coach Coy Ray said. After a strikeout, she performed a secret handshake with the infield. At one point in the game, she burst into laughter on the mound. "I joke around a lot," McPherson said. "I just felt really relaxed out there." Quartz Hill's bats were relaxed as well. A little too relaxed for a team that entered the game with a .314 batting average. McPherson, who has allowed only one earned run all year, stymied the Rebels offense, allowing just a few balls past the infield. Nicole Means and Kelsie Blankenmeyer, who each hit a home run in the Rebels 10-4 opening round victory over Bishop Amat on Friday, were a combined 0-for-7. "I was scared (of Quartz Hill's offense) coming into the game, "McPherson said. "But we were prepared. (Jennifer) Curtier had those hits off me, but my defense really backed me up." Curtier had a perfect day at the plate as the rest of Quartz Hill struggled. She accounted for three of the Rebel's five hits in the game. The turning point was the third inning. Quartz Hill pitcher Brieann Huling had set down the first seven batters she had faced in the game. But with one out in the third, Royal's Jenessa Allen smashed a line shot off Huling's leg. Allen reached base safely and advanced to second on Tori Dario's bunt single. The Rebels looked as if they were safe as they retired Nicole Hartfield for the second out. But the next batter, Heather Erickson, drilled the ball into centerfield.  Nicole Means fielded the ball and fired it to catcher Rachel Green for a play at the plate. The ball was there in time, but Royal's Allen was charging home and collided with Green, who fumbled the ball allowing a run to score. The Highlanders went on to score six runs on eight hits in the inning, all with two outs, all off Huling. "Huling didn't do that bad, "said Coy, "just a little hit here and there. Everything that could go bad for us did in that inning. Their hits just fell in." Huling gave up five consecutive run-scoring singles. "If we get one of those plays, it's a whole different ball game," Coy said, "but if you keep giving them chances, they make you pay." Royal will face Rosary on Thursday, Rosary defeated El Toro, 11-0.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Royal 6, Quartz Hill 0 Royal 006 000 - 6 11 2 Quartz Hill 000 000 - 0 5 1 Huling (3), Ricker and Green; McPherson and L. Allen. WP-McPherson (8-1). LP-Huling (10-4) Records: Quartz Hill (21-5); Royal (22-5)