i'm still in so much shock, i can't believe thati have just "broken off" with jammi. truns out he didn't receive the email so i just told him through chat. it wasn't as hard as i expected it to be but it was too painful. especially when i was done telling him my piece, it was like he wasn't taking me seriously. he wanted to change the topic. i couldn't log out because i really wanted to know his response. but then, several minutes already passed but there was still nothing. so i ended up asking him if it was okay with him. he said it wasn't but since it what i wanted, he'd pretend he was. it was really embarassing when i told him i was kinda hoping he'd stop me because he replied i shouldn't have told him in the first place. i made the wrong choice of words. i should've said i expected, not hoped. and besides, i couldn't keep on letting him love me when i'm not sure anymore if i loved him. i wonder if he was just shocked last night or if he was just nonchalant of the matter. whatever...it's through. i blew off the only desperate wish i ever made. i'm really so pathetic. but, hey, i'm human, i make mistakes and i have no other choice but to face it.  then paula was so sweet to try to help. i guess it got to everybody that i broke up with jammi. she said he wasn't being very nice today. hey, it's normal, i hurt him so he's hurt or angry. man, this is affecting many people...  *** daryl's being a bitch lately. she told everybody else that she was kinda feeling sad because i kept on hanging out with monique and that she and i seldom get together. what's her problem? when i see her i greet her and smile hoping she'd wanna join me but no! she just smiles...more like smirks and says a stupid hi. monique and i heard that news a few minutes before we saw daryl with carmina in the canteen. i said hi in the liveliest i could and she was such a snob! then she turned to monique and was seeking for her attention. i was really impressed when she kinda stood up for me. she pulled an annoyed face and told daryl to hang out with me with the hidden message of "bug off". then, monique and i came to the conclusion that daryl was being a hypocrite. we mean, why would she say those things to other people and be so nice to monique. i'm so tired of dealing with her childishness and i'm tired of being the one whose always making peace with her. there were times when she was unfair to me. i was the one who always apologizes even when it was her fault. i do love her but it's not fair to me. i know that she cared for me a lot but it was like she never matured...even just a bit. i did, in my defense. she kinda helped me with my tolerance of other people. sometimes, she would do things that would really make me feel angry or disappointed but i would just let it go. i was too tired to confront her and then be the one who apologizes afterwards.   well, screw her...  *** i haven't been inspired in quite a long time. i was a mess so an outpour of words came out..  isang huling tingin sa isa't isa mga puso ay tila balisa nakaraan na ang mga salita mga luha'y di na nakita wala nang muli pang iasa  isang huling tingin sa mga alaala naisip na mali ang lahat ng inakala katahimikan na lamang ang nananatili isang huling tingin ang huling sandali bago ang lahat ay tuluyan nang mawala  paalam na, aking sinta mahirap man tanggapin ang katotohanan  nabitawan na ang mga salita  ngunit sana limutin ang nakaraan paalam na... --- fly, my butterfly, fly flutter your wings and soar high don't let a day pass by without ever reaching the sky  carry my hopes and dreams to a place where laughters are streams where life's as sweet as lemon creams and the lovely sky never dims.  fly, my butterfly, fly spread your wings and fly no one shall bring you down no one shall hurt our hopes must never fly fly... my butterfly --- ambivalence... of doubt and love...  doubt... of absence or comfort...  love... of you...  confusion... between pain and relief...  pain... of affection, of change...  relief... of bliss...  a decision... between life and death...  a life of light... with doubt and love...  and death... of confusion and frustration...  darkness... alone...  i choose... --- in the silence of my heart in the ceasing of my soul i am a girl broken apart by love and faith's important role  letting go and falling back with lullabies of shedding tears now i know what i lack enough smiles to face my fears  a wish was granted but then i hurt too soon it was to settle down now i'm down under the dirt without any but a frown  the past is done, what more can i do? things were said, tears were said now the light has gone and so have you nothing more, just wished i was dead... --- to GOD  Yu're the sun of my days each is bright with Your face You're the moon of every evening giving life it's very meaning  You're the rainbow after the rain which washed away my grief and my pain You're the water to quench my thirst You're the love i had at first  You're the color of my sky the wind here low and high You're the smile across my face You're the grace that love relays  You're the spirit that lives in me like the leaves of every tree You're all that have and i ever will i cherish You now and always will...