long time i have not blogged..busy maa...although it is mid year holiday..still have to go to the library to do my revision..updated target.. 100% for add-math... crazy huh?? but worthy having high expectations in your life because u will strive to achive it.. and if the target is not achieved.. u have done the very best..that's important..  this new girl..WoW.... a love that is ignored..left..unanswered.. at last revealed..finally both of us know each and others heart.. but is it a game?? her game? no i doon't think so.. how come she can be so cruel.. everything that is kept in each others' heart have been heard and amazingly both of us have the same feelings but denied it.. but weird huh??loving your dads cousin? but still there are no restrictions in islam.. love is blind.. anything can happen.. it is not love if it is not being spoken.. though both knew each others' heart.. still there are fear.. fear of being tear apart by distance and time.. and life must go on.. a deal made.. later.. in 10 years time.. if still both of us are singles.. then.. that's the destiny.. destiny for us to be together.. 10 years.. not a short period of time.. even a second in the real world can cause a big change in life than how about 10 years?? if still there are love between us in the next 10 years than that love is totally pure and belongs to us..  met this girl just now.. came here to visit her relative.. >that is my grandpa.. still she's very cute.. but both of us turned speechless.. don't know what happened.. seems like there's a barrier between us to talk lively in realtime world but in the msn seems no trouble talking with each other.. maybe 'kemesraan' yang terjalin during our chat lasts only when we're chatting.. but not in realtime..in the real world 'kemesraan' yang diimpikan must be created by actions.. face to face.. plus both seems to be shy with each other.. hahahaha... don't know how come i can be shy with her.. mann... plus my grandpa, auntie, and her family keep talking about both of us.. mestilah dua-dua jadi segan! ..   my princess..  well i still love u.. we have not seen our destiny yet.. maybe i'm meant to be with u.. or with her.. or with someone else.. or maybe BOTH??? hey.. r u crazy? duh! life is really crazy.. confusing..  but still i need u..  studies..a few steps after this.. is the trial exam.. i MUST do VERY WELL.. target > 10 1As ..no sweat.. must get that.. must clear my bad record in school and i know i can achieve this.. NOTHING can stop me for this except death... hahahaha.. macam nak pegi berperang pulak.. but exam is a kind of war.. have to sacrifice to gain victory and the victory is getting perfect 1As... i know i can do this!