There are three great arched plate-glass windows in my office. The credenza that houses my laptop butts against the base of these windows and when I settle in my high-back, Cadet blue leather chair, I can see the top story of a neighboring apartment complex. Behind the charcoal-drawn rooftop, sprout massive, old oak trees so thick with dark leaves they resemble the outline of some distant hills. Heavy clouds roll and shift hiding all but veiled crevices of the lilac sky.  Centered in the frame of the last window, I can see the back patio entrances to two adjacent units. A single staircase leads from the ground level to a central landing. Three more steps up in each opposite direction, railed patios mark the sliding glass door entrances of the two dwellings. Secured at the edge of each railing is an American flag, the kind you wave in patriotic glee at a hometown parade. They silently portray the simple message – united we stand. Identical Wal-Mart white plant baskets heavy with orange-red begonias hang in line behind each flag.   In the apartment on the right lives a woman, probably in her late seventies, slim and perky. She fancies white crop pants, ballet slippers and plaid blouses in pretty pastel shades, though she never tucks them in. Her iron and fleece hair waves away from her face, tucked behind her bare ears. She smiles so much, there must be a secret held in her heart.  A gentleman, a few years her senior, lives next door. Slight but spry, his belted khaki pants are always well-pressed and his starched white cotton short-sleeved shirts secured neatly at the waistband. His tanned face holds a look of distance and longing, but a knowing contentment as well.  My eyes have naturally fallen to this scene again and again over the past few months. I have seen these neighbors sharing tea on the steps, watering plants and sweeping their patios.   Once I found them standing on the steps leading down to the parking lot. With her arms outstretched on opposite rails on the top landing, she looked to him standing square below, his head tilted and hands clasped. As he turned to move down, she pushed her body up, arms stiff with support on the railings. She twirled her feet and tossed one playfully forward as she returned to the ground. It was something a fifteen year old girl, nervous with flirtation, would do and it made my eyes tear with wonder at this life.  Although this privately-viewed show has brought me some amusement, I did not fully realize what they had been sharing with me until today.   I was in a moment of sighing, breathing fully and heavily to relax the tension in my neck and shoulders. These times for me nearly always come with thoughts of my insignificance in terms of the story of the world, and the aching belief that there has to be more to life than this life I’m living.  I opened my eyes and turned my head to see these neighbors in a standing cuddle. Her arms were swaddled between her chest and his. One of his arms held her at the waist, the other across her back to the nape of her neck. They shared a playful, targeted kiss on the mouth, and then she rested her head, nuzzling the place his shirt began its line of buttons.   “Oh,” I breathed, and my hand moved to my mouth in tender admiration.  I have been searching so hard for love, with such urgency that an untruth has been cultivated in my mind about the life of love. Love does not belong alone to the young, those supple in body, uncharted in experience. There is no time-limit on love.  	 Love is about the heart--the heart of a seventy-year-old who only remembers her line-less face of fifteen, but still feels the same school-aged wonder; the heart of man, battered by life, yet soft and open to the mystery it holds.  In  Under the Tuscan Sun , the film based on Frances Mayes' best-selling novel, the namesake heroine was a woman betrayed and worn by love lost, but also healed by love. When she found healing and wholeness, she spoke truth from her experience. “Great things can happen, even late in the game.”  Late in the game, these neighbors, friends, lovers have surprised me with hope and given me whispers of tomorrow--with their youthful fervency and wise appreciation, with the mere moments of their lives glimpsed from a nearby window.