I was going to write apost today about why I homeschool my kids.  In fact, I did write the post, but decided not to publish it.  I'm not sure why.  Instead this one is for Tommy.  Those of you that have been reading my blog for awhile know that we have had a rough several months.  Very rough.  It has been harder the past 6months, than our entire 16 years together.  That's bad.    But I have to say, we have handled it pretty well.  The thing that has helped us the most is dating again.   Dating again, has let us prove to each other how committed we are to this marriage.  Every Tuesday night, we get Renee and Stan to babysit the boys, and we go out.  It doesnt' matter where, or how long, as long as we are together, without the kids.   When we became parents, we lost the couple, and became totally and completely involved with our children.  Every second of every day was devoted to them.  At least for me it was.  I tended to neglect my husband, for taking care of my babies.    A few weeks ago, Tommy asked me if I thought Renee and Stan would trade one day a week with us, so both couples could have alone time.  It was the best thing any of us could have done.    I've notice, we smile at each other more, I call him at work more to see how his day is going.  We sit on the couch together watching TV, instead of being off in seperate rooms.  Almost every night, we cuddle, talk about various things from the day, until we are both to tired to speak, and then just fall asleep.  It is definitly the little things.  The looks between the two of us, when the kids aren't watching us.  The every so slight pat on the butt when we pass in the hallway.  Coming back for one more kiss goodbye before leaving for work.  Telling me I am beautiful, 16 years, 5 kids and many, many extra pounds after that first initial "hot" streak came alive.    I feel more in love with my husband than I was on the day I married him.  I feel closer to him than I have ever felt.  I miss him during the day while he is at work.  I smell his shirts before laundering them, just to get a whiff of him.    That's what dating your husband does.  It changes everything.