I'm not really very big on poetry; I always thought poems mean so much more to the writer than they ever do for the reader, and T.S. Elliot's stuff always goes over my head.  There are a couple of poets who are exceptions, of course, and probably the biggest is the great Chilean poet  urlLink Pablo Neruda . I have this thing when I encounter work by really talented people where I just say to myself, "Man, I wish I had thought of that." Neruda makes me do that all the time, and he's really the only poet who does that. His most famous collection is called  Veinte Poemas De Amor Y Una Cancion Desesperada .  Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair . I think it's a great, simple title. I wish I had thought of that.  Yesterday marked  his 100th birth anniversary, and I thought I'd share one of my favorite poems of his here.   I do not love you as if you were salt-rose, or topaz, or the arrow of carnations the fire shoots off. I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.  I love you as the plant that never blooms but carries in itself the light of hidden flowers; thanks to your love a certain solid fragrance, risen from the earth, lives darkly in my body.  I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you straightforwardly, without complexities or pride; so I love you because I know no other way  than this: where  I  does not exist, nor  you , so close that your hand on my chest is my hand, so close that your eyes close as I fall asleep.   If the poem seems familiar, it's because it was featured in the film  urlLink Patch Adams , and is probably one of his two most famous poems along with the beautiful   urlLink Tonight I Can Write  .  I find that the magic in Neruda's writing is very similar to the magic that you could find in the works of  urlLink Gabriel Garcia Marquez , another Latin-born Nobel Laureate for Literature. I suspect this has something to do with the fact that both authors write in their native Spanish and their works are then translated into English.  Curiously, I find the same magic in the work of our recently departed National Artist  urlLink Nick Joaquin . Of course, Joaquin was famous for writing in "Joaquinesque" English; that is, he wrote using the English language as if he were speaking in Filipino.  When I was in grade school, I was lucky enough to be invited to a literature workshop at the CCP. When it was time for us to write poems, the kid beside me raised a question we all had been meaning to ask, "What language should we write our work in?" The guy answered, "The language of your dreams."  It all seemed silly to me at the time (I was 11), but I think I've got it all figured out now. I think Neruda, Marquez, and Joaquin were never really better at writing words than we all are, but I think they're better at dreaming up dreams.