The air-conditioning was not turned on until 10:47 today. I know because I looked on the clock that was on my neighbor's desk. On that clock is also the temperature and humidity. I bet you don't want to know what they were.  Yeah, it is hot. I could complain until my face turned blue (or bright red, the color it is now after walking up that damn hill...) I can sit for hours with my friends in Japan discussing how hot it is, hot as hell, hot as a pancake, hot as shit on a skewer...whatever definition you would like to attach to the all encompassing word that we feel each day as we trudge to work... I no longer get ready for work. Why should I? All I do is sit on my bootie in the teacher's room and notice how long it takes for it to get numb.  On a more interesting note, I did receive a few hundred hankerchiefs as going away presents. Don't  get me wrong, I love to blow my nose, but I only have use for so many hankerchiefs. Is there a sign in the store that says, `For foreigners exiting the country, please by this gift only` ? Just wondering.  Sorry for all the sarcasm. It isn't good to be cynical. I actually do have some good news today. I went to the bank with Haramoto sensei to close my bank account. I couldn't believe that it was a year since I came in there in all my sweating glory to open the account. This time, I was relaxed and at least aware of what was about to happen to me. At that time, I was wearing black pants, a long sleeved white shirt and a black suit jacket in the sweltering heat while Haramoto sat next to me in a nice sundress.  Again, I have come a long way. I cursed myself in the bank for not going to travel after leaving here. I mean really, what do I have to do at home? (Other than spend way too much money on shoes and pants and bras????)  Thanks bloggers for writing back. I like to feel the love.  Selene, I am sorry I mentioned the white gloves. I didn't know it was sensitive. Abra, please get me some white driving gloves as I want to maintain sanity and UV rays while driving in my car.