I finished packing.  (The process had become less nostalgia-inducing and more exhausting by Friday morning.)  Then my dad and brother drove me to the bus station in Bloomington.  I was nervous, because I've never taken a bus before.  (Of course, I  have  taken Trans-Atlantic flights to London and Haifa, Israel, but that's just how I work.  I get nervous about traveling in new modes of transportation--and to new places, for that matter.  It's silly, but I'm still a small-town girl at heart.)  When it was time to board the bus, my brother hugged me somethin' fierce and even kissed my cheek.  (This is the boy who gets pissed-off when I tousle his hair.)  I will miss him.  He's been my sidekick for the past two years.  The bus ride was long and cramped and boring.  I was disappointed by the Chicago Greyhound Station.  Having been to O'Hare Airport and Heathrow, I was expecting something bigger.  It didn't even have a gift shop.  Only bathrooms, seating areas, and vending machines--nothing to distract from its functional purpose.  Between Chicago and Milwaukee, I sat with a middle-aged nurse named Brenda.  We talked about good recipes for greens, nursing, Michigan, and the healing properties of water.  When the man in front of her recline his seat, she hit his back.  I assumed they knew each other until she started ranting about "some people..."    Three transfers, two time-zones, and sixteen hours later, we arrived in Iron Mountain.  My back has hurt like hell ever since.  I can only imagine how much fun  thirty-five hours  on the bus to Houston will be.  But I'm grateful that buses cost much less than airplanes.  Right now, it's worth the hassel.   ***   Now I'm home.  I finished packing my suitcase.  (I think I've over-packed, but that's okay.  It's better to have too much than too little when it comes to long trips.)  I spend my days reading serious articles like "Start With Standards," "Teaching For Understanding: 'Getting Into Your Students' Minds,'" and "Creating and Implementing Effective Rules and Consequences."  It's pretty amazing, how much I've learned about teaching already.  When I get around to applying to grad school, I'll be uber-prepared for a teaching assistantship.  In the meantime, I just hope I'm ready for the Summer Institute in Houston--or what I like to call Teacher Boot Camp.  Or, One Big Five-Week-Long Ass-Kicking.  The sample daily schedule is pretty intense.  I'll have to get up around 5:50 to have breakfast between 6:20 and 6:50, then activities are planned from 6:50 a.m. to 10:30 p.m., with 30 minutes for lunch and 75 minutes for dinner.   Aye, Carumba!    The best times are when I can just go outside and wander around.  The garden looks amazing.  Mom has wrangled me into helping her water the garden and plant some Impatiens, Violets, Dusty Millers, and Marigolds.  This doesn't sound like much until you've seen her garden.  Her garden slopes down into our orchard, fences in our house, and runs down another hill.  She's got eight normal-sized beds, two rose bush hedges, a wall of lilacs, and three gigantic beds.  (They're probably twenty-five feet long and three feet wide each.)  So, I've got some work cut out for me.  But I love just digging my hands in the dirt, especially after it rains.  The chickens hang around when we garden, pecking at the turned-up worms.  Speaking of chickens, my sister saw two mating for the first time.  Since she's eleven and  changing , such topics are of utmost importance.  She told me, "I saw the chickens   mating. The rooster was, like, holding her down with his claws and ripping out her feathers.  And she was stickin' her butt up in the air, but her face was mushed in the dirt."  My mom, who overheard our conversation, said: "Now you know why I don't have any feathers, honey."  Many bawdy jokes followed, inducing my sister to run upstairs shrieking, "You GUYS!"