Hey i just woke up and it's about 10 now so ya and umm i've been havin all these crazy dreams.... gosh and they seem so real! then when you wake up it starts to make you thing... like i had this dream about a guy i know and awhile ago i was going through that thing well do you like him? no nono you don't like him... you can't like him and things like that... i would write more about him lol but if he reads it i don't want him to figure it out but anywayz... so ya i finally got over that stage and didn't think about that stuff anymore...until last night! in my dreams! i dunno it was the weirdest thing. i can't member what was wrong but something was in my hair or something like that and i asked him to help me with it... well he got it out i guess and ended up brushing my hair until someone called me and it was really soft....  well i think it was while he was brushing my hair he was only using one hand or something and his other hand was in front of me so like i was holding it with both of my hands in some odd way to where it was like he was holding mine lol if that makes since... but ya then he squeezed it.... weird i know.......... ya so then later on in the day we were over at this other person's house and a song came on that we both knew and there was a pillow like between us and i layed on it... hmm maybe that's not so weird but i guess for me it is.. but after i layed my head on the pillow i woke up... that was one dream lol  My other dream lol has to do with one of my crushes from 5th grade lol and if you knew me in 5th grade then you know that it would be JC and (ya the dude from nsync lol) well i dunno it was like we were on one of those decorating shows or something and i was supposed to be making this pillow or something weird so ya and i didn't do it and i didnt' wanna be around the people because they prob thought i was a slacker or something but really i just didn't know what i was doing! so ya anywayz so they asked me to help JC i think and we had to go somewhere and he fell or something and limbed back to my house and went to bed or something but when we got back they were all gone and they had gone to another house and i didn't know the number and i didn't wanna leave him incase he woke up and needed something haha! well then i decided to run really fast to the house and when i was on my way i woke up.... haha i have the strangest dreams but ya that's all from i think this morning between 7 and 10! lol anywayz i must go now lyl