Minor spoilers ahead   Saw  Collateral  last night, the new Michael (Heat, Manhunter) Mann flick.  Plot:  "Max," a stuck-in-a-rut L.A. cab driver (Jamie Foxx) basically agrees to drive "Vincent" (a gray-haired Tom Cruise) around all night so Vincent can complete five stops required in sealing a real estate deal.  The truth is soon revealed, however, when Vincent's first "client" falls out of a window after being shot, and lands on the roof of Max's cab.  Vincent's really a hitman with five targets to eliminate before dawn, and now Max is an unwilling accomplice/chaffeur for the whole ordeal.  My take:  Eh.  Great acting-- Cruise is a badass, and Foxx has more than just comedic chops after all.  Amazing how far he's come since horsey-mouthed LaWanda and snapmaster T-Dawg on  In Living Color .  Several great "how are they gonna get out of that mess?" moments and a few good laughs along the way (loved Vincent telling off Max's dispatcher over the CB).  However, too many neat coincidences for my taste-- the whole plot revolves around two doozies at the beginning... and the ending was extremely predictable and plain.  6 out of 10.   Major spoilers ahead   Cokemaster saw it with me (he said his hangover lasted nearly three days, by the way, and he's never going out again), and on the way home we had the standard post-movie dissection/discussion.  CM was pissed about Vincent's demise at the end of the picture-- "He was just doing his job, man... makin' an honest livin,' killing people.  It sucked that he died.  I hate movies that end like that."   Good to know... The next time CM pukes in my car, I can pay someone to put two in his chest and one in his head, and he'll be cool with it.  'Cause being a hired gun is a  respectable  profession.  The only thing still bugging me about the movie is its title.  I don't get it.  When I think collateral, I think something you put up as security for a loan, or collateral damage.  Neither definition fits properly for the movie.  Other definitions for "collateral" (that I had to look up):  -- situated or running side by side; parallel  Nope.  Vincent sat in the back of the cab.  -- having an ancestor in common but descended from a different line  Nope.  Definitely no relation here.  -- serving to support or corroborate  Marginal.  Max helped out occasionally, but I don't think "supporting" is something one does with a gun to his/her head.  -- coinciding in tendency or effect; concomitant or accompanying  This one works.  Barely.  Max  did  accompany Vincent.  Hollywood, take note-- when an dude with a degree in English must research vocabulary to decipher your movie's title, pick another damn title.  Like  Driving Miss Daisy's Sociopathic Great-Grandson.