Now, most of my blogs are indeed not funny, just sort of ranting. Well this one is no different. I have a friend that went back to school. He's a little older than me and last night at about 1 AM we had a discussion on the computer about politics. He went to an "We hate Bush" kind of rally in Oakland. He said I would have not liked it since I was "one of those..you know Rs." (republicans, which seems to now be the party of the people strangely enough from what the news says. They want to give the power to you instead of taking it and letting decisions be made by the government, cause apparently the democrats know what I need more than I do! But that’s another argument)  He then proceeded to say that the whole system needs to be changed. I was like "What? What? What?" a la Kyle's mom on South Park. He said democracy exploited people. And I laughed and asked what system does not? Democracy is the longest running and most successful political experiment in all of the world's history. He argued that monarchies were longer, so I had to point out that every time a new king or queen takes the throne, it's a whole different government. We've had the same government for centuries now. How awesome is that? It may not be perfect, but it's the best there is.   I asked him for alternatives. He said ... socialism. Which of course can't work in a country as large in land and population as the US. There are places like Norway that have socialistic tendencies and they work for the small freezing country of the hot, tall, and all super white.   He said you just have to have enough people to want it, that’s all. That’s all? That’s the hardest thing of all and that’s why it won’t work. Cuba has been trying for a long time to be a communist state. They have a small population and small amount of land to control, and THEY can’t even get their shit together. There are less minds to change there than anywhere else.  This is why communism is absolute horseshit.  Here’s an example: You’re at a store. The clerk says, “I’ll give whoever gets to the counter first all their stuff for free, or you can both get here at the same time and I’ll give you 50% off.” Now, some people would want to work together, but most people would be like “screw him” and try and get free stuff. We are ready to screw the other person for personal gain. There can be none of those people at all for communism or true socialism to work. Personally, I’m glad to be one of those greedy bastards. That’s what makes our economy run: the search for more for me.   I said that for any step towards a social society, you have to change the hearts of men and women, not the government. Government and indeed all sovereignty is granted by the people. So unless all the people want it, it doesn’t happen. You can’t change people’s heart with force. That will make them resent you and hate your happy, feel good government.   He said it takes time. I told him that’s impossible. For as many as you change to your mindset, there will be changing back, or switching to the other side for the first time. The only way to change it is all together with a Marxist revolution (to see a great example of what that is, watch the movie ANTZ). You get rid of the people that don’t agree. The workers rise and revolt. And the world becomes a time share, kibbutz style.   Communism is great on paper. Socialism seems even workable on paper. But there is one problem: people tend to be jerks. You go back to Marx and Rousseau and they think people are naturally good. But there is a whole other camp of people that think people are naturally bad. I’m in the latter simply because if we were meant to be good, it’d be a lot easier to be good than bad.   So while communism is a fun thing to talk about in college, and even a nice daydream. It’s never going to happen cause someone will always take advantage of the situation. Read Animal Farm by Orwell. All there needs to be in one person to screw it up. With democracy, if one person is screwing up, the people kick his or her ass to the curb. That’s why we need to vote. You do have the power, like He Man. People discount that power, but it’s tough, and right now, mostly old people use it.   So get out of your peace and love hippy haze, your happy land of suger plum trees and lollipop lakes and wake up and smell the crusty burnt 7-11 coffee at the bottom of the pot. Democracy is ever changing and slightly flawed but anything else just doesn’t make sense. So yes, communism is horse shit.