Approximately one year ago, I was unceremoniously dumped by my girlfriend of ten months.  The relationship was ten months old-- not the girlfriend (just because I'm friends with the Russian doesn't mean I share his tastes).  She was 19.   The circumstances of the breakup were quite odd.  She came to me after work on a Thursday night with that dreaded "I think we should date other people" line.  This was a hit-by-a-semi kind of shock.  We  always  got along great, and just two days previous, she had dragged  me  into a jewelry store to look at diamond engagement rings.  Her supposed reasons for the separation (besides wet panties over her bagger-boy coworker) at the time:  --I was too much of a "father figure" to her-- I tried to take care of her too much, and she needed to learn that responsibility on her own. --She wanted to be independent in her youth and "find herself" at college; wasn't ready for our level of commitment. --I was too introverted and sedentary; when I would rather sit around the house, she would rather be out partying and dancing. --After the breakup, she referred to me as "Father Time" to her friends, presumably because I'm five years her senior (age difference was apparently a problem for her).  Let's fast forward to the present.  In the past twelve months, Miss Heartbreaker's exploits:  --Immediately entered three-month relationship with aforementioned bagger-boy.  When I say "immediately," I mean, "the day after the breakup when I returned her stuff he was at her house."  He lived with his pothead brother, taught her how to smoke, and cheated on her with his ex-girlfriend (for the whole three months). --Dropped out of college after one half of one semester.  So much for learning responsibility. So much for learning much of anything, really. --Tattooed her ankle.  Pierced her nose.   Those are the relatively tame newsbites.  Then there's the doozie I heard last week.  --Just moved in with her new boyfriend. Her new boyfriend's name is Rick. Rick is her supervisor at work. Rick is 35 years old. Rick is a paraplegic.  Let me preface the following comments by saying "good for her."  I'm over it.  We didn't work out.  I no longer carry a torch.  If she approached me in the future and wanted to rekindle the romance, I would respectfully (and swiftly) decline.  I do, however, retain a right to think of her as "the brown-haired skag who stole Uncle Krypto's life" and to take perverse pleasure in the hardships of her life minus yours truly.  Those are the rights of man whose heart has been stomped upon.  Every bit of news pertaining to her has been volunteered; I didn't ask for any of it.  Commencing bitter diatribe...  Uhh... not ready for commitment?  She's known him for three months and she's shacked up with him!   I'm  Father Time and a father figure??  He's 16 years older and her boss!  He  could  be her father!   I  live a sedentary lifestyle and don't dance???  He sits in a chair all day and the only rug he's ever cut was the one that got caught in his spokes.  But ol' Rick's still got something on me-- even though he can't feel it, he's still gettin' more ass than I am.  And that is very wrong.