There was a great, little moment in  Nuts Entertainment  last night that I was glad I caught. The opening involved the great Joey de Leon dusting off his  bahag  for a little sketch starring Starzan, the Pinoy King of the Jungle (Pekto played Chitae). I loved every little bit of it, even if Janno Gibbs overacted the whole time (as usual), and Joey de Leon had a large gut and sagging boobs.  (It did help a lot that the lovely Ms. Angel Locsin played Jane in the sketch. She's hot enough as it is, but in a Jane costume? Wow. It's a wonder the set, which had a lot of paper decorations, didn't just catch fire right then and there.)  Of course, the Starzan trilogy and the other great Joey de Leon-Rene Requiestas movies ( Elvis and James ,  Long Ranger and Tonton ) were some of the fondest memories from my childhood (and it was a happy one, too). One of my most favorite Pinoy comedy moments came in a  Starzan  sequel (I think it was  The Jungle Triangle , pronounced  Jang-goll Tri-ang-goll).   The witch doctor, played by Vangie Labalan, was doing her witch chant to the beat of the jungle drums. Then out of nowhere, Starzan taps her gently and asks, " Bisaya ka man, 'day? "  And she answers, " Hindi, tagalog ako. "  I know, it's just so mundane and stupid. I don't even know anyone else who finds this funny. Maybe it's because I actually grew up in an  Ilonggo  household, or maybe because Vangie Labalan always has this funny  Bisaya  accent. Or maybe I'm just plain weird. After all, my favorite part of  Long Ranger and Tonton  was the ending where they revealed that the surname of Tonton (Rene Requiestas) was *actually* "Gutierrez".  (Haha, speaking of stupid things to find funny, I could not possibly be the only person in the country who finds Yoyong Martirez's angry man schtick funny, right? " Galit ka ?" " Hinde, nagpapaliwanag lang, 'dong ." Man, I'm weird.)  But let's get back to Starzan. I can't believe it took Joey de Leon this long, almost 15 years, to bring back the Starzan. I mean, people  love  the Starzan characters so much that last year, Rene Requiestas' life story drew monster ratings. How many do you think tuned in because they fondly remember the classic line " Chitae, ganda lalake! " (and the more classic echo " Ulul, sinungaling, panget! Panget! Panget! ") one more time?  Besides. Joey de Leon's bread-and-butter acts for the past few years, Tiyo Pot, the "Truth-or-Charing" guy from  Eat... Bulaga , and the Balakubak anchor from  Nuts , are basically just re-hashings of his old Barbie character (he just made them bitchier and more candid, because Barbie was supposed to be classy). For my money, those acts have been the funniest things you could watch on Pinoy TV this past couple of years.   Wait, I think I have to qualify that statement. Those acts have been the funniest things you could watch on TV this past couple of years that did not involve Madame Auring and her houseboy-slash-underage-fiancee.   Seriously, c'mon, could anything possibly top one of those Startalk banner stories asking,  MAY ASIM PA BA SI MADAME AURING?   Man, those things make my weekend. Then again, I'm weird that way.