I was feeling kind of down today.  I was flipping through old emails. I found a great one that I hope will add a smile to somebody on this Friday.   urlLink Love  is the answer, but you got to love yourself first before you can truely love another. I am not sure of the author, but this is something to think about. . .Keep Smiling :) because God loves you and so do I!!!!!!!!  [HAPPY FRIDAY, SISTERS!  SISTER TO SISTER...So often, we look at others and compare ourselves to them.   And often, we come up short. We look and say, "Oh she's 25 and she's done this, this, this and this. Or we watch people who "have it all together" and we begin to get down on ourselves. We find any number of ways to compare ourselves to the next sister - and come up short....STOP!  There's a saying that the grass is always greener on the other side.....Well, their water bill is higher too. And guess what? You can have green grass also if you seed, water and fertilize your lawn. You can't have what somebody else has if you're not willing to go through what they went through. But, that's another matter.     Stop comparing yourself to others. Love YOU!!!!   Each of us has our own thorns. Be it weight, single-parenting, job dissatisfaction, husband problems, financial distress, children woes, over-worked/underpaid issues, loneliness, confusion, self-doubt, etc.  You've got to love you, and if you can't do that right now, At least quit comparing yourself to others, because you don't know what they are going through. Someone will always be prettier. They will always be smarter. Their house will be bigger. They will drive a better car. Their children will do better in school. And their husband will fix more things around the house. So let it go, and love you and your circumstances.  Think about it. The prettiest sister in the world can have Hell all up  in her heart. And the most highly favored sister on your job may be unable to have children. And the richest sister you know - she's got the car, the house, the clothes - might be lonely. And the word says if I have not Love, I am nothing.   So, again, love you. Love who you are right now and let God be your barometer.    Mirror Him. Look in the mirror in the morning and see how much God you see. He's the only standard, and even when you come up short, he will not leave you or forsake you.  Smile and may God continue to BLESS YOU Real GOOD!!  "I am too blessed to be stressed and too anointed to be disappointed!"  The shortest distance between a problem and a solution is the distance between your knees and the floor.  "The one who kneels to God can stand up to anything."  "Winners make things happen. Losers let things happen."  Be Blessed ladies and pass this on to encourage another sister.  - author unknown]  :)