Well, I think I've been adopted by Debi and Butch as the daughter they never had.  (They have two sons instead.)  They invited me to spend Sunday afternoon with them, along with Debi's brother and sister, complete with spouses and children, and her parents.  It was such a fun time!  Debi lives on Lake Hartwell, so we spent the afternoon just hanging out on the dock swimming, watching different people water-skiing, sunning, tubing, and just having a great old time.  It was fantastic!  My arms have this really great tan, but my legs are still sickly white.  :oP  After swimming, we all went out to a resturant in Gumlog for supper, and then came home and sat on the back porch chatting and eating brownies and home-made ice cream.  It was so great!     Of course, then I had to come home and do all the Statistics homework that I didn't do over the weekend.  I did other work on Saturday.  Oh, and since the rest of my family (sans Luke) was going to see Mom in a play on Saturday evening, I went to see the community theatre put on "Annie Get Your Gun."  It was really good.  I'd seen it before by the community theatre in Barron, but that was long enough ago that I couldn't remember all the plot.  Just the songs.  Gotta love the "Moonshine Lullaby."  :o)     I actually missed class yesterday anyway, so I didn't worry about getting all the homework done.  I had another appointment in Gainesville for my cough.  A different doctor this time since we're exploring a different possible explination.  We didn't really do anything other than talk about the symptoms and he felt my stomach (that tickles!!) and listened to my innerds.  But I have to go back next Monday to have a gastroscopy.  That means that they're going to stick a camera down the back of my throat and look at my esophogus, stomach, and maybe the top of my large intestine, I guess.  They're going to sedate me, so I have to find a "designated driver" to take me home afterwards.  That's really the thing I'm worrying about the most right now.  Where am I going to find someone who can give up basically their entire morning to help me with this?  I'm hoping someone from church, like a stay-at-home-mom or someone who's retired, will be able to help.  I'm going to ask at Bible study tomorrow night.  But, woo-hoo!  Yet another medical adventure.  I'm very curious to see how it goes and what the results are.  I'm glad I only have to wait a week.     But that's all I have to say on that.  I have something else I want to say yet, but I'm going to devote a post completely to that because I think it's more important than all this stuff.  This is just so people can bore themselves to sleep by reading about my crazy life.  But the other thing has to do about God.  Between the two, there's really no comparison.  God is so incredibly cool!  Anyway, I'll get onto that.     Love and blessings, ya'll!  :o)