Where to start?  Living downtown and having plenty of free time is really cool.  Today I went by and finalized my paper work with Scott.  There was a little scare concerning my getting a plane flight home but that turned out to be a miscommunication and so all is settled.  Everything is looking good for the SE Asia vacation/adventure this summer.  Kevin gave me the downlow on what to do an not do and Caleb has said I can borrow his bag so this pretty much means I'm good to go.  Gumi James and I will be going somewhere, I'm not exactly sure where, at the end of May.  Then I'll start off on my own until I die or run out of money.  Kyobo finally got a great restock of lonely planet books and they have Vietnam and Cambodia so I'll go sit in the bookstore and read some of those tomorrow.  I have tomorrow off and there are plenty of things to do.  I need to go to the bank and send money home, then hit the travel agent and then go shopping for stuff at homeplus.  I've never been to a homeplus but I hear they are nice.  Some where in the middle of all this I'd like to go to the zoo.   I found a pretty good gym and signed up today.  It's not 100% better than the other gym, but a definite step in the right direction.  I now don't have a military press and the dumb bell selection does leave something to be desired but this is made up for with better leg machines, more, space, a much nicer locker room and workout clothes.   The weather is crappy today.  I hope it clears up tomorrow.   This weekend wasn't bad at all.  Dinner was at WABA with Jenny, GJ, and Caleb.  Tim then showed up.  We all migrated to a party that was being held on the roof of my building.  It was actually a pretty cool party.  There were a lot of people there and there was plenty of food and alcohol.  Now when I say there were a lot of people there I don't mean that many were cool or that I wanted to hang out with them.  Still the turnout was impressive.  I think Ursula now hates me b/c of my association with someone who thought she was crazy.  Oh well big loss there.  I'll explain an incident on from Caleb's blog.  Apparently he went looking of a bottle opener and asked a table of teachers for one, upon hearing this they proceeded to act dumbfounded b/c he might possibly be drinking beer.  I saw that table and I've met most of them.  The are the ultra lamo "we don't drink smoke or do anything people."  That is why they were sitting alone at their table doing nothing.  At some point the crew plus Jenny and her friends all ended up in my dirty as hell room.  We drank some vodka that I received for my birthday (thank you Asma) and then I ran everyone out.  We finally made it back downtown and first stop was TC.  Really not as bad as I remember it.  I think I almost had a good time.  At some point I broke off and went to funkaholic alone.  Pretty much a mistake.  Not many people.  This was corrected quickly as I left and went to AU.  On the way there I ended up running into the guy Mieka wants to ask out.  We started talking and went to hang out on the terrace at AU.  Pretty cool guy.  I was drunk and he wasn't so I don't have any clue what he thinks about me.  I then ended up at BB.  I hung out for a bit but this was the last stop for me.  At some point GJ was in trouble with his girlfriend, got forgiven, then got dumped but then they made up in a DVD room.  I'm guessing things are pretty much ok now.   I'm working on getting a page for pictures so I can put some faces to these people and places.   I wish I had a computer at my house.  This way I feel I could capture deeper thoughts as they come to me.  But I'll settle for this.  During the day there are always random thoughts that hit me about Korea or life in general but aren't important enough to hold onto so when I come here I lose them.   I had a really vivid dream last night.  It had Caleb and Gumi James in it.  It went something to the effect of that GJ was opening a bar called the "Golden Bear."  I think he might have had another night club or bar or something, I'm not sure, little hazzy.  Anyway I learned about it b/c Caleb was the publicist or something and was going around telling people about it.  So I finally went and it turned out to be pretty cool.  The End.