WHEN I'M 64  I knew I had something important to say a minute ago, but now it's just dust in the wind, dude.  Oh, I'm thinking again about joining the  urlLink Peace Corps   sometime.  I'm into that.  I know it's a bit caught-up-in-the-moment, but I'm interested in helping out the people of Iraq.  We'll see what becomes of all this.  I took this  urlLink Political Compass Test .  It's pretty interesting.  I guess I'm fairly economically liberal and a moderate ideogically.  Which I guess would place me as a centrist republican or possibly moderate democrat.  Although i don't respect many democrats outside of Lieberman.  My numbers for the test were Eco: -5.25;  Auth/Lib: -0.87, if anybody actually cares.  I saw "The Pianist" today.  I recommend to everybody.  Pretty intense.  Interesting the omission of any sort of religious themes though.  While on the topic, I think it's about time Palestine became an independant state.  No, need to elaborate.  Count the death toll.    Anyway, ever wonder what you'll look like when you're old?  Like, really old.  Wrinkly and stuff.  I know it's a gradual think, but i have the feeling I'll wake up one day an look really old.  You hear those stories of 85-year olds that run marathons and swim for miles.  I think I'll be lucky if I can wipe myself at 85.  Anyway, back to the wrinkles.  Some people try to fight it.  Example A) Elizabeth Taylor.  As much as I don't really want to be old, People that are old and can't accept it are about as bad as it gets.  5 million plastic surgeries.  Welcome to L.A.  Actually, I wouldn't mind being the old man on the porch smoking my pipe, shouting as passersby.  Ha.  Well, maybe for just a day that'd be cool.  But think about it.  Senior Discounts anyone?  Free Coffee?  Um...Shuffleboard.  Bingo.  Prune Juice.  Viagra.  Hey, being old isn't so bad afterall.  Well, I'll deal with all this later.  Right now I'm in such prime form it's ridiculous.  I'm a stallion.  I make myself weep sometimes.  and that leads me to the next topic, pest control.  I saw a rat one time.  It smiled at me and I didn't rally know what to do.  So i left the room and drank a coke.  I'll never forget that rat.