I've been examining the risk of terrorist attack.  There have been 3 notable successful terrorist strikes on the US since 1990.  WTC bombing in 1993, OK City in 1995 and 9/11 in 2001.  The losses of life at each of these attacks were 6, 168 and 2819.  Please note, in this analysis I will be looking at these numbers very objectively, this is not meant to trivialize the deaths of these people or the loss of their families.  In addition to these three attacks there has been the anthrax attacks at congressional office buildings and news organizations, a series of mailbox bombings in the Midwest, a foiled attack during the Clinton administration when terrorists attempted to smuggle explosives across the Canadian border, and numerous police and federal investigations that seem to be caused by a level of hysteria. These events resulted in little direct loss of life, there were a couple of deaths from the use of Cipro and a pilot that flew into a building with his Cessna was killed, I am not aware of further casualties  I have no knowledge of the effect of security, the number of attacks that are foiled, the effects of continued unrest in Palestine, etc. but attacks over a 14 year period seem to have a frequency of 1 attack each 3-5 years. It seems that a safe worst case scenario would be two successful attacks a year and a best case scenario of one successful attack for each ten years.  Likewise, the best case for a terrorist attack would result in a minimum loss of life.  The worst case is unpleasant, the atomic bomb over Hiroshima killed 70,000 people and the one over Nagasaki killed 40,000.  Due to the improved construction of buildings, as evidenced by the low loss of life in the US from natural disasters in comparison to densely populated areas in other countries, 70,000 deaths seems to be a safe cap for the worst case. However since these attacks tend to deplete their available targets the attacks that result in the best case are much more likely than those that would result in the worst case.  Let's assume a worst-case median of 2500 people for each successful attack; anyone who has visited the WTC or even studied pictures knows how terrible that median is.  But here's my point, using a worst case median of 2500 casualties (which is roughly equivalent to the bloodiest attack on American soil) and a worst case of 2 successful attacks each year, and ignoring the fact that the US would run out of World Trade Centers and Super Bowls at such a profligate rate of attrition:  The result would be 5000 deaths each year.  In 2002 there were 43,000 deaths from car accidents.  There were more than 17,000 deaths in 2002 from alcohol related accidents alone.    Any loss of life is a tragedy and there are no easy answers when it comes to dealing with terrorists.  This is something I am sure of however,   if you assume that there will be two 9/11 type attacks that succeed every year, you are still eight times as likely to die in a car accident as you are to be killed by a terrorist.  .  I notice that the administration regularly manipulates the color coded terrorist alert system to maintain a maximum level of hysteria.  Given the fruits of my research I would like to give my own color coded alerts.  Red level warning that some SUV will run over your ass.  Red level warning that someone from the government will lie to you today.  Red level warning that this administration will return to office  Red level warning that someone in power doesn't like you having the rights that you have left.  Red level warning that someone will send me a pissy e-mail about this and call me partisan.  Green-level warning that someone will be able to refute the basic truth of this post.     Incidentally, in the course of my research I learned the following: many scholars estimate that 15,000 to 20,000 Iraqi civilians were killed in the first Gulf War.  According to the CBC between 9,100 and 11,000 Iraqis were killed so far in this Gulf War.