I finally decided to change my template.  At first, I had such a hard time imagining changing my template because my older template was a product of sleepless nights, sweat, and tears.  Yes, tears!  I started blogging whith zero knowledge of html and those other things (that I still don't know a thing about).  But, with trial and error combined with all the patience I could muster, I was able to make a quite decent looking blog.  Of course, I was so happy and so proud of it.  It was like my "baby" or something.  Y'know, like when people have projects and they call them their babies.  I felt that way.  But last night, I went to the Net Cafe I always went to and found out that they've swtched from internet explorer to mozilla firefox.  I checked my blog, as usual, and found that it looked weird in firefox.  I know it looked weird in Apple Macs, too, because I once used a Mac at the UP Computer Center.  I don't really know why.  My tagboard isn't where it's supposed to be, etc.  I didn't like that.  I wanted my blog to , well, look the same no matter what browser (or PC at that) I use.  So, finally, with tears welling up in my eyes, I said goodbye to my "baby".  I checked the "ready-made" templates that good ol' Blogger offers and saw that there were so many available designs.  Why, when I started there were only about five or six (very plain and simple) designs!  And, imagine my happiness when my eyes fell on Ms. Moto's design!  I'd say, it's SOOO me! It's so  pink  that I really felt it was made especially for me.  Suddenly, I forgot half of my sadness.  I knew I'd found the perfect template for me (while I still can't design my own)!    Of course, I still had to spend one whole night for this "new look" because of the freakin' add-ons!  And, I still can't get my haloscan comment board back!  I'll be working on that more later.:) Oh, but I activated my Blogger comment board (Oceanic Thoughts). ( If you want to comment, please do so. And, if you're a non-Blogger (read: user of other blog services other than Blogger/Blogspot), like my friend   urlLink Balbonics   said, please be a friend and post your name. )  So, there you have it... MY NEW BABY!    The Ocean of My Being   with a new look.:)  Nothing special really, just wanted to blog about it.  Hehehe:)