I'm checking in with you readers today while in a sour mood, so forgive all my complaining.  I am leaving for Japan with the Houston group. I have to get myself to Houston by 1pm on July 23rd. I live in Dallas, and my parents live in Shreveport, Louisiana. The  monkey wrench  in this situation is my car, which I am leaving with my mother so that she can trade it in or sell it. Also, since I don't see my parents very often, I thought it would also be nice to spend some time with them before I leave for what might be one year, three years, or the rest of my life.  Adding another dimension of confusion is the fact that I sorta got fired yesterday. Not really fired, but my  dumber-than-a-sack-of-wet-mice  boss erroneously filed paperwork that effectively terminated me as of June 30th. Somehow, she had no idea that she had done this, and claims to have no idea that I was slated to stay on through July 15th. So that means that a)I no longer have a job through July 15th, and b)I've been working for two days now while having "terminated" status.  Can you believe that  cretinous, conniving shrew  actually suggested (with a nervous chuckle) that I might be able to write off my unpaid days as a "donation" to the workplace? I might have considered it IF I had an ounce of respect or fondness for this woman at all. But my hatred of my former boss is known far and wide throughout the land, so she was not to be so lucky as to reap any "donations" from me.  The relevance to my story is that I had originally intended to stay in Dallas until the 20th, so that I could work until the 15th, then collect my final check. Now I have no such  fetters , although my plans will probably remain pretty much the same. Also, this development has left me without those last few dollars that I was intending to use for moving costs.  On top of that, I am getting kicked out of my apartment on the 17th, which means that I'll have to squat somewhere for a week. I'll be staying at Damon's apartment with him for my last days in Dallas, then drive to Shreveport to drop off the car and spend time with my parents. After that, I'll take a plane to Houston from Shreveport.  Or so I thought.  Yeah, it kinda sucked that I'd have to say goodbye to Damon four days before I was actually leaving, but his car won't make it to Shreveport or Houston, he can't drive my car because it's a standard, etc. But then my dad offered to loan his  truck  to Damon so that we could drive down to Houston from Shreveport in the truck and Damon could see me off properly. Then Damon could drive back to Shreveport, return the truck, and take a bus home to Dallas.  That sounded great to me! Alas, Damon has some big school project that can't be neglected. My personal feelings about this are that he'll probably regret not tossing logic to the wind and seeing me for those final moments. After all, difficult and unpleasant and precarious doesn't equal  impossible . But his reason, however disappointing and frustrating, is valid enough. It's gonna have to be, anyway.  So then I start looking for plane tickets to Houston from Shreveport, and they cost an arm and a leg ($300). Then I check how much the flight would be from Dallas. A paltry $100. Furthermore, the flights from Shreveport to Houston all  connect in Dallas  anyway. So I'd be paying an extra $200 just to fly back to the same city I came from anyway. The city I live in. The city I could have departed to Houston from if not for the damned car. Do you feel my pain now?  So I could take a bus from Shreveport to Dallas in order to save myself about $170...coincidentally, the extra $170 that I probably wouldn't have been stressing over if I had just  gotten that last damn paycheck !! But I don't really want to go Greyhound at some godawful hour (very early, to ensure I'll make it to DFW in time),in my business wear, carrying my international luggage, having nothing to look forward to afterward but another trip in another cramped, crowded space (my flight to Houston). I mean, bus trips are scarring experiences. But I really don't want to pay way too much for a stupid flight to stupid Houston. I thought about using my frequent flyer miles to pay for it, but that just offends my sense of justice and dignity. Frequent flyer miles are for impromptu visits to Hawaii or Germany, not for the most utilitarian and dreaded of voyages.  I'm still undecided about what I'll be doing to get the hell out of Dodge, but I'm sure it'll be a headache no matter what. If you know anyone driving that weekend from Shreveport to Dallas, or from Dallas to Houston, or from Shreveport to Houston, or from Dallas to Tokyo, put me in touch...  Soon: pics from Mexico, i.e. pyramids 'n' me.