Features of Cockney English:  Some of the more characteristic features of the Cockney accent include the following:   Monophthongization  This affects the lexical set mouth vowel.   MOUTH vowel  Wells (1982b) believes that it is widely agreed that the "mouth" vowel is a "touchstone for distinguishing between "true Cockney" and popular London" and other more standard accents. Cockney usage would include monophthongization of the word mouth  Example:  mouth = mauf  rather than mouth   Glottal stop  Wells (1982b) describes the glottal stop as also particularly characteristic of Cockney and can be manifested in different ways such as "t" glottalling in final position. A 1970’s study of schoolchildren living in the East End found /p,t,k/ "almost invariably glottalized" in final position.   Examples:   cat =  up =  sock =   It can also manifest itself as a bare  as the realization of word internal intervocalic /t/  Examples:   Waterloo = Wa’erloo  City = Ci’y  A drink of water = A drin' a wa'er  A little bit of bread with a bit of butter on it = A li'le bi' of breab wiv a bi' of bu'er on i'.   As would be expected, an "Estuary English" speaker uses fewer glottal stops for t or d than a "London" speaker, but more than an RP speaker. However, there are some words where the omission of ‘t’ has become very accepted.  Examples:  Gatwick = Ga’wick Scotland = Sco'land statement = Sta'emen network = Ne’work  Dropped ‘h’ at beginning of words (Voiceless glottal fricative)  In the working-class ("common") accents throughout England, ‘h’ dropping at the beginning of certain words is heard often, but it’s certainly heard more in Cockney, and in accents closer to Cockney on the continuum between that and RP. The usage is strongly stigmatized by teachers and many other standard speakers.   Examples:  house = ‘ouse  hammer = ‘ammer  TH fronting  Another very well known characteristic of Cockney is th fronting which involves the replacement of the dental fricatives,  and  by labiodentals [f] and [v] respectively.   Examples:  thin = fin  brother = bruvver  three = free  bath = barf    Vowel lowering  Examples:  dinner = dinna  marrow= marra    Prosody  The voice quality of Cockney has been described as typically involving "chest tone" rather than "head tone" and being equated with "rough and harsh" sounds versus the velvety smoothness of the Kensington or Mayfair accents spoken by those in other more upscale areas of London.   Cockney Rhyming Slang  Cockney English is also characterized by its own special vocabulary and usage in the form of "cockney rhyming slang". The way it works is that you take a pair of associated words where the second word rhymes with the word you intend to say, then use the first word of the associated pair to indicate the word you originally intended to say. Some rhymes have been in use for years and are very well recognized, if not used, among speakers of other accents.  Examples:  "apples and pears" – stairs "plates of meat" – feet   There are others, however, that become established with the changing culture.  Example: "John Cleese" – cheese "John Major" - pager  Numerous examples and usage of rhyming slang can be found online. See Note 2 for information.