I read Seraphim's  urlLink post  recounting a seemingly sponteneous conversation about the merits of the Present Progressive(pp, for my purpose here) verb tense. In my blury, blog-reading haze I thought it a normal, average conversation...one that I have had repeatedly. I remember distinctly several times gritting my teeth in frustration due to the lack of this particular verb tense in French.  From here my brain split in two paths. 1) Last night I had a conversation about the nature of and relationship between language and thought. I prefer the idea that thought is only possible with language. (It it consistent with certain brilliant theories of 'self' and 'embodiment' and other such fabulous concepts) Is it possible that speakers of languages without the pp do not conceive the difference between the the act during the act and the act in general? Certainly not, I know the French understand there is a difference between someone playing football before their very eyes, at that specific moment, and someone who plays often, occasionally, in general, but not necessarily at this moment. Although, both would be described "Il joue." It is a time distinction, we use it as emphasis and clarification in Enlgish. Why is there only one verb tense for both in French? I have to add entirely new adverbial clauses in French to get the effect of the verb change in English.  New train of thought: no longer as interested in thought/language phenomenon as the more important question - WHY do some languages have pp and others do not?  2) To come up with any sort of viable working thesis I would have to know a lot more than I do about verb tenses in different languages and their respective cultures, history, climates, societies, etc. Since I don't have this information I should just stop, but...maybe I can find a few patterns with those I do know. Spanish has it, French doesn't, Romanian (I'm told) doesn't, English does - where is the connection? Language does not develop randomly, it is an extremely rational, pragmatic evolution. (eg. the English have dozens of words for 'ugly' and the French have as many for 'cheese' and we have a bunch for 'fat' - it's cultural) There is an explanation - there must be!  Romance Language: No(2) Yes(1) History, wars, values, society, leisure, government, national identity...AHHHH  My problem is that my mind is going to keep following one path, then the other, then both at the same time, etc. until I find something to satiate it, but I am also WAY too lazy to get the information necesary to figure it out. Result: Logical Confusion and temporary insanity.  Thank you, Seraphim !