So, I completed my last day of school, but felt I needed time to decompress before looking back on the last day and year.  And, I am left with a feeling of "huh."  You know the feeling.  When you reach a big event, and you're really excited and looking forward to the feeling of relief or satisfaction when the event is over.  But, it turns out that when the event is over, you're not quite sure what to feel, so you end up feeling disappointed.  That's how I feel.  Now, don't get me wrong, I am definitely NOT regretting my decision to quit teaching.  No siree.  But, I think I had built up the moment in my head so much, that feeling anything less was sure to be a letdown.  And, maybe I am feeling a tad uneasy because of my unemployment but, I have plenty of time to worry about that.  Right?  You're probably thinking, "Surely the kids behaved on the last day."  (If we were in a movie, this would be the part of the movie where I spit out whatever I was drinking.)  Uh yeah, if you call throwing spit balls, taking pictures, and talking nonstop behaving.  Sure.  They behaved just fine.  So.  I am done.  No more bitching about principals, or other teachers, or the kids.  What will I have to talk about?    No matter how good teaching may be, each student must take the responsibility for his own education.   John Carolus S.J.      This next story has nothing to do with education, or parenting, but rather, my harrowing trip to Colorado this past week.  Strap on your seat belts.  It's going to be a bumpy ride.  I flew from Dallas to Denver recently to visit family.  I've made this particular trip numerous times, and have never experienced anything out of the ordinary.  However, I knew this was going to be a special flight when I took my seat on the plane.  Not only did I receive the middle seat, but I was seated between an old man (with very sensitive skin I was to find out later) and a lady with a baby on her lap.  Believe me when I say, the baby behaved better than the old man.  This guy was Farmer Joe.  I wondered if he had ever been on a plane before.  But, I was not about to ask because I was not in the mood to hear a life story nor see pictures of grandkids.  About halfway through the flight, one of the stewards walked down the aisle very quickly and bumped the old man's elbow, which was protruding into the aisle.  The old man gasped, jerked his elbow back, and rolled up his plaid sleeve.  His elbow had a bloody gash.  When the steward walk past again, the old man waved his hand in the air and said, "Look what you did to my elbow."  The steward's eyes widened and said, "No.  I couldn't have done that!"  The old man pointed at the flashlight he was wearing on his belt and said that's what hit his elbow and caused it to bleed.  So, the poor steward, pulled out his little Clifford the Big Red Dog first aid pouch and put a band-aid on the old man.  All the while, the steward is apologizing(I am sure he was thinking of ways to get out of this potential lawsuit) and apologized every time he walked past.  That's not all.    Let me preface part two with a visual.  Have you seen the movie Stand By Me?  Remember the part when pudgy Jerry O'Connell is telling the story about the pie eating contest and the puking with the domino effect?  Good.  Now, we've all experienced turbulence.  I've experienced turbulence so bad it lifted me out of my seat.  But, I have never experienced turbulence quite like what I experienced descending into Denver.  It was more of a slow, back and forth, side to side movement of my entire body (and the bodies of the other passengers).  For 15 minutes straight.  Now, place the crowd at the pie eating contest in an airplane, and you have my flight.  I have never seen so many people puke in one place.  First an old lady ahead of me, then a kid behind me, then another lady to the side, and another kid up ahead.  It even smelled like puke when I got off the plane.  I was very proud of myself.  I had my hand on the barf bag, but I did not have to use it.  Who says years of eating fried foods doesn't toughen your stomach?   urlLink Thank you, David Sedaris, for releasing another book for me to read.  Yay!