Greetings in the name of Jesus!  Romans 7 15 I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do.  16 And if I do what I do not want to do, I agree that the law is good.  17 As it is, it is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me.   without comtemplative "chewing" on verses like this, i'd be left at, "huh?". you know P. Min fasted, prayed and reflected on it. here are some sermons on it. listen to God more carefully.  urlLink here's one ,  urlLink here's the other .   here's my breif understanding of it.   when God gave the Law through Moses, our Sin was revealed. though we did not know what Sin was until the Law came, we still had it. the Law made us slaves to Sin. because of the Law, we are now accountable to our sins. by the Grace and Mercy of God, through Jesus, we are set apart from our sins and are freed from the Law and along with that, the punishment deserved for Sin. see  urlLink The Passion of the Christ .  growing Christian or sometimes sinning hypocrite? good desires vs. sinful desires. though we are set apart and freed, are we sinless? did Jesus or does God expect us to become Sin-less in this life?   i only know of One who lived without Sin. everyone before and after Him lived with sin. but because Jesus died for us, we are justified. in justification, we are considered sinless and are adopted into His family. in adoption, we are His perfect children, because of the blood shed by Jesus. in us, He sees Jesus. while we live in this world, we are being sanctified. in sactification, we are becoming more like Jesus here in this world. it is our part to persevere, with the help and strength given through the Holy Spirit.  (post publication addition) know the phrase "do what i say, not what i do"? i believe this is typically used in the context of hyporites. the response of this hypocrite is that i must make what i say, what Jesus did. Give Him the glory so that despite what i do, what i say points others to the cross.  2:33AM, May 31, 2004  By His Grace and Mercy, Gill