For the first assignment of the course, I've decided to phrase my reaction to Bates' article on  'Restructuring the University for Technological Change'  as opposed to our thoughts on instructional design. Having some experience in working with a public university in Malaysia in adopting e-learning as a means for program delivery, I feel that this assignment will be a good reflection of my thoughts and observations from the university perspective.   First of all, I believe that the impetus to adopt technology is no more an option for any university. Communications technology, primarily computers are for the most part an integral component in the course of study, rather than an option. The Internet being the first resource stop nowadays, whether in study or in work, requires at least a basic knowledge and understanding of computers and key software (e.g. browsers). It is easy to gauge the importance of computers simply by the virtue that its absence is more noticeable than its presence. It is easy for me to agree then that 'intelligent application of technology can improve learning'. It is the question of in what way can technology improve learning, and that requires a reflection into the goals and roles of the university and their intended aims to allow a better address.   I had the opportunity of working with a local public university in an advisory position, assisting them in enabling e-learning via my company’s solution. The main drive behind their interest in pursuing e-learning as a viable alternative to on-campus study was so that they could reach a larger student base, higher than the university could admit on campus. With the plans for e-learning being on the drawing boards and meeting agendas for awhile, it took the contracting of a third party company to get things moving. Even with a fully wired campus and satellite high speed Internet access, the IT Department didn't have the clout nor the ability to go beyond the hardware and software into a learning solution they could use. Bates highlighted this relatively common dilemma, stating that universities sometimes over emphasise technology and neglect the people infrastructure, and/or the overall vision and strategy which should precede the adoption of technology.   Similarly, with the decision for the use of learning technologies at the university being made at the upper management, the actual academic body who will be at the working end of the technology was left both in the dark and without a forum for a sharing of views. This led to a great deal of confusion as to how to approach the very rapidly setup solution and how to effectively utilise it. A long term plan, designed for eventual assimilation of e-learning as part of the academic faculty’s competency and responsibility was implemented.  Basically, the experience I had with the university and the initial steps they took clearly highlights and supports the issues that Bates elaborated, particularly with regards to the organisation, vision, goals and overall implementation. The key problem areas will definitely lie in how the technology will be used, in what role, and by whom. A lecturer who is excellent in face-to-face teaching may not be able to understand and deal with the dynamics of flexible online study. Expecting a university to adapt may not always be a viable solution as it may be much simpler to create new departments and faculties designed solely for the provision and support of e-learning. Some universities have already adopted this approach, where a ‘secondary’ or ‘e-university’ is established.   The summary of my reaction to Bates' observations on the dilemma facing a conventional university in e-learning adoption is one of mixed perspectives. It is in my opinion that most universities are just too steeped in bureaucracy and with funds limited and disbursed, it is difficult to establish a coherent and supported e-learning strategy for the long term. In my experience, the transfer of responsibility and executionary role to a third party company with the skills, expertise, and ability to implement quickly and effectively can aid in the initial setup but it will still require a great deal of investment on the side of the university in terms of the people infrastructure. The challenge being the establishment and maintenance of an e-culture, designed in line with the vision and expectations of the technology while not neglecting the learning values that is hoped to be realised.   It is of relevance to note that the public university from where I draw on my experiences are in ways very similar to the University of British Columbia, from which Bates has drawn his observations and conclusions. They are both public universities that are government funded, with an original emphasis in research. Private universities, among them the  urlLink Multimedia University  in Cyberjaya, Malaysia has implemented e-learning as both a supportive tool for on-campus students and also a means in which to enable off-campus study in a very efficient and rapid manner, without most of the drawbacks mentioned by Bates. This I believe is due to a concerted and centralised effort by the university’s management and the division of academic staff into those involved in e-learning as opposed to face-to-face. However, with just a superficial exposure to the university’s roles and aims in their e-learning efforts, no firm observations can be made beyond assumptions.