For all those who can't wait to pick out the mistakes  Here they are, some of the numerous amount of mistakes from Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.  Continuity: Spoiler: In the scene of Theoden's death, a black line appears and disappears between shots on the right side of Eowyn's forehead, over her eyebrow.   Revealing mistakes: Near the beginning of the film as the camera flies towards Rohan you can see the smoke pouring back into the chimneys rather than out of them.   Continuity: When Sam first picks up Frodo, Frodo's head is on Sam's left shoulder, but in the next shot Frodo's head is on Sam's right shoulder.   Continuity: Nearing the end of the film where we see Frodo, Sam, Pippin and Merry having a drink at the Green Dragon, Frodo places four mugs on the table. The first sequence has two green mugs on the right and two brown mugs on the left. The second shot shows the mugs with a brown and green mug on each side of the table.   Continuity: When Sam is holding Frodo on his lap during the climb up Mt. Doom, the wound on Frodo's face has moved from his right cheek to his left. The footage for the entire scene has been flipped.   Continuity: When Sam and Frodo are climbing Mt. Doom, Sam's sword switches from his left side to his right.   Continuity: When Sam cuts Shelob's silk from around Frodo's face, it is completely cleared of silk in the close-up shots but remains covered with silk from the nose down in the long shots.   Continuity: When Frodo and Sam are on the rock at the foot of the exploding Mount Doom, there is a shot of Frodo's left hand where the hand is completely clean and the finger is still there.   Revealing mistakes: In a quick shot of Gandalf holding Pippin while riding Shadowfax in front of the Black Gate you can see Billy Boyd's double's face.   Continuity: When Aragorn is running back to join his fellow men, when the black gate is open, we can see the CGI flag of the rider that goes with him is going from left to right, but in the next shot, the wind is in the opposite direction.   Continuity: During the fight with Shelob, Sam is holding Frodo's sword which switches between Sam's right and left hand in between shots at least once.   Continuity: While Smeagol and Deagol are fighting over the Ring, Deagol loses his grip on it and the Ring goes flying. Deagol finds it and picks it up off the grass with his right hand. After Smeagol has killed him, he takes the Ring out of his left hand. There was no indication that the Ring had switched hands.   Continuity: When Arwen is reading the book after she sees the vision, there is a picture on the right-hand page. When she drops the book there is no picture there.   Continuity: When Aragorn's party rides to the Black Gate, Eomer is shown as riding with them (he can be identified by the white plume on his helmet). When they reach the gate, Eomer is missing from most of the wide shots, although he's shown in at least one close-up.   Continuity: When Frodo finishes writing the book, he reaches for the stab wound on his shoulder with the writing quill in hand. Then Sam walks in and in the next shot, Frodo's hand is still by his shoulder, but the quill is gone.   Continuity: While Denethor is eating in the citadel hall and is asking Pippen if he knows how to sing, he has a smear of red wine/sauce/blood on his chin. In a subsequent shot, Denethor turns to the camera and the smear is gone. It then reappears as he looks back to Pippin.   Continuity: When Gandalf is speaking with "the steward" the end of his cloak alternates between clean and mud soaked.   Continuity: After the battle at Minas Tirith the clasp holding Pippin's cape together changes direction between shots.   Continuity: When Pippin finds Merry after the battle his leaf-brooch is pointing to the left, in the following shot is pointing to the right.   Revealing mistakes: When the black ships have landed, Legolas shoots twice with his bow - The digitally animated arrows appear and disappear several times.   Continuity: When Sam stabs Shelob in the eye with Sting, the blade is covered with blood, but when it is knocked out of his hand in the next shot, it's perfectly clean.   Continuity: The elf standing behind Elrond, Galadriel and Celeborn at the Grey Havens changes position several times between shots.   Continuity: When Frodo first sees Shelob, he falls backwards to the ground. As he lands a boot can be seen behind him. We see a quick shot of Shelob, then cut back to Frodo and the boot has now disappeared.   Continuity: When the Army of the Dead enters Minas Tirith, one of the battlements on the city's outer wall (near the bottom of the frame) changes its shape and position, losing a portion of its tower.   Continuity: When Aragorn and Gandalf are talking about Frodo and marching on the Black Gate in the throne room of Minas Tirith, Gandalf's hair changes from mostly behind his ears to mostly in front at one point.   Continuity: Gollum sprinkles crumbs of the Lembas bread on Sam to incriminate him. When Sam gets up, the crumbs are gone. Then, they reappear when Gollum points them out.   Continuity: After defeating Shelob, Sam runs to Frodo. He lays Sting down next to him, on an area of dirt with a couple rocks sticking up. But later, when we see Sting glow blue, it's on perfectly level dirt ground.   Continuity: When Sam stabs the Orc with Sting, you can see blood on both the Orc and the sword. After he pulls it out, there is no blood.   Revealing mistakes: When Frodo boards the ship the Grey havens harbor and turns for his last smile, you can see the boarding rail is actually a bungee cord