From a Starbuck's in St. Louis ...    Our Typical Travel Day  We wake around 8, which we feel is pretty respectable, especially because half of the time, we’ve just crossed into a new time zone, which means that 8 for everyone else is 7 o’clock. However, it apparently isn’t respectable enough, because it always seems that there are just a few stragglers left in the motel when we start stirring and we always seem to be the last people to leave the place. Again and again, we’ll arrive at a Motel 6 or a Super 8 at 10 or 11 at night, have a hard time finding parking because there are so many cars at the motel, and awaken to an empty parking lot, with our car parked a seemingly unnecessary quarter mile away.  We’ve decided that the reason is that most people are trying to get some place by some specific time, while we’re enjoying the trip for its own sake. It’s really a problem of American culture that travelers can’t stop to enjoy the view now and then. We don’t have this problem.   Anyway, we usually try to let the dog out and exercise a bit. We’ve brought some 20 lb weights and some grips that make it easier to be push-ups. I try to remember my yoga and pilates moves. Then we shower and pack., trying to clean out the car a little bit.  By this time, there’s usually not much left of the continental breakfast, so we grab some coffee and look for breakfast.  I used to love taking advantage of traveling as a great excuse to eat breakfasts in greasy diners. We’ve looked for greasy diners, but haven’t seen any that have lept out to us as worth it. In addition, we don’t like to leave Moritz baking in the car in the full sun, and we haven’t found many places that have shaded parking. In fact, it seems to be a fact of traveling in August that often there aren’t any shadows at all, which seems to defy the laws of physics and yet is what I observe.  So we’ve eaten out of grocery stores every day so far—in Lewiston, in Dillon, and today in Ogallala. It’s actually potentially much more healthy and inexpensive than the greasy diners. Today I went for a more German style breakfast, with cheese and rolls, plus a yogurt and some fruit. We consumed this in a park in Ogallala, which was quite charming. Not too hot either, as it was overcast and unseasonably cool.  If we haven’t just crossed into a new time zone, meaning that the local 8 is actually our 7, we usually have to cross into a new one, meaning that if we thought we were pushing off at 10, it will actually be an hour later in just a few miles. That’s what happened today. In Nebraska the time zone shifts between Ogallala and North Platte, so what should have been an hour’s drive looked like a two hour drive.  So around 10 or 11, we really begin our driving in earnest. We alternate driving every two hours or so. At this point, we’re generally up for anything, and we take scenic by-ways, stop at historical sights, and drive off the highway to see what the towns with interesting names look like.  Whenever we stop, we let Moritz out and run around a bit with him. He usually drinks some water. This trip, which I believe he is enjoying, has entirely disrupted his schedule.  It’s hard to predict when he’ll eat or go to the bathroom. We feed him our scraps all day long, of course, and he almost always eats those. But it’s a different story with his own food, even including the dog bisuqits, which he usually relishes. The closest thing to a pattern is that several evenings he has gotten up in the middle of the night and gone to eat his dog food.  The plan is usually to have a lunch sometime in the middle of the afternoon. Since we have generally been travelling on the byways, though, we often find ourselves in small towns that don’t have any obvious food choices. Unforunately, not every town can be a Dayton, with a Main Street lined with inviting delicious restaurants. And we’re trying to resist the fast food nation. So this all means that we’ve frequently ended up having an early dinner rather than a late lunch. We arrived in both Jackson and Laramie around 4 or 5 in the evening having only snacked since our late breakfast. Today, we did break down and get a pizza from a Pizza Hut in a boring town in northern Kansas.  Generally, this stop in the late afternoon or early evening has been in some attractive progressive place (Missoula, Jackson, Laramie) and we walk around a bit, checking out what the art cinema is showing and keeping our eyes open for a New York Times and an internet café. So this stop usually lasts a couple of hours.  Sometimes this early dinner has been our only other regular meal besides the grocery store breakfast. Yesterday, however, Ivan wanted us to have a third meal, late in the night, shortly before we stopped in Ogallala. And today we went to an Italian restaurant in Salina around 8.  We usually drive for a couple hours after it gets dark. That’s when I have been writing these entries.Usually we are desperately trying to reach some motel for which we have a now no-longer-refundable deposit. We have to make the reservations because we wante to be sure to get into places that accept dogs.  When we arrive in the hotel (between 10 and 11), Moritz generally goes in first and starts looking for a toilet out of which to drink. He’s become very adept at this, even managing to get his head in under the closed lid. We plug in all of our electornic devices in to replenish their batteries and transfer the photos from the digital camera to my computer. The TV usually goes on and I try to finish the Times.  We’re usually in bed around 12.      I don't want to go on at too much length, because Ivan needs to use the computer too ...