The next morning   Ok, that was fun.  Yes, I spent far too much time out last night.  No, I do not regret it.  Sometimes a good conversation is far more important than getting enough sleep.    The issue of love once again.  The issue of empathy and emotional involvement was talked about.  Disclaimer: What I am about to talk about does not concern any particular individuals, although it has been inspired by actual examples.  There is no hidden message here.  Interpretation: The people whom I consider my best friends and family are the ones that have the greatest potential for making me upset, distressed, angry, happy, or causing any emotion.  The more time someone spends with another person, and the more communication that occurs (both verbal and non-verbal) the more emotional ties are created between the two individuals (this isn't an accurate way of describing the event, but it is practical).  If two individuals find that the other individual is capable of pissing the other one off due to the smallest action or variation in the tone of voice, it is clear that the two individuals are in an emotionally unhealthy relationship.     Has it ever happened to you where you're with somebody, and due to an action or communication (or miscommunication) that your entire consciousness is absorbed with feelings of anger, envy, frustration, or some other emotion that overshadows your clear mindedness?  That is what I'm talking about.  What are your possible choices?    First, you must realize the sort of situation you're in.  There are two individuals in a relationship that interact with one another to a certain degree. (I don't necessarily mean a romantic one...All individuals exist in relation to all other individuals and everything in their environment; however, the more one interacts with another element of this network of relations, being people, places, or things, the stronger those particular relations become.  More on that later)  These two individuals have a history, both independent of and shared with the other person.  Due to a great deal of interaction, and a great deal of history, two individuals can create a relationship so strong that it is beyond their means to live around the other person and still maintain control over their emotions.  (living meaning interaction, which can occur over the phone, or even through the rumor mill without each other's bodily presence)    An imperfect picture involves a balance beam that represents the relationship.  At first, when there are no weights added, the balance beam is balanced.  If a little weight is added to each side, which represents a little bit of emotional involvement, it is still balanced, and if one side has less weight, the beam is thrown out of balance, but the result is not catastrophic.  It doesn't take a lot of energy to bring balance back to the beam, and not much has been invested, so even if balance is not restored, there is no big loss.    On the other hand, when there is a great deal of emotional involvement, there are very large weights added to each side, and any imbalance would be catastrophic.  The balance beam could break, those involved could be hurt by falling weights, and the amount of energy required to return balance is immense.  One cannot simply remove all the weights and start over again, in this case.    Anyways, two individuals in this sort of emotionally entangled relationship have a couple options.  One, is to continue spending time with one another.  The relationship is already out of balance, and spending more time, meaning more interaction, merely brings a greater imbalance.  Something in the way the people interact needs to change, or time needs to be spent away from the other individual; a lot of time (I know this one from personal experience).  Perhaps eventually balance can be restored.  Strong emotions equate to strong emotional interactions, and thus a little love or hate causes the relationship to become stronger more quickly than a lot of mere friendliness or annoyance.  To love and hate someone at the same time is playing with fire---(but oh so fun!)     Observation: One last unrelated thing.  For some reason, at some times, our thoughts our more clear, and thus our communication is more clear than at other times.  Sometimes our words flow smoothly, and are understood by everyone around.  Sometimes, disjointedly, and one is unsatisfied with their ability to communicate.  This latter bit is how I feel now.  If there is something that was not understood, let me know.