Ugh... this week seemed so long!  And since it's really warm out, the kids have been especially rammy, even though I'm teaching World War II right now.  Today was a really good day... had a discussion about the decision to drop the atom bom on Japan.  One class broke into a discussion about the treatment of Iraqi prisoners.  Thank heavens I'm against the abuse, because it's the politically correct thing to believe.  A lot of my students have these ultra-conservative views of the world, mostly because their parents do, and they are supporters of Bush without even knowing the facts of the matter.  I was surprised none of them were in favor of the prisoners being abused.  One girl said, "What is wrong with those people [meaning the American soldiers]?"  Those were my thoughts exactly.  Last night I saw the video of the Nick Berg beheading.  Truly the most disturbing thing I have ever seen.  Now I'm not saying I condone the way this poor man lost his life, but there is nonetheless something fishy about his story.  Some points to consider:  1.  Why the hell was he in Iraq by himself?  Don't most telecommunications companies that have these sorts of contracts send several people?  2.  Why was he detained by either Iraqi police or American military for 13 days prior to his kidnapping, and why was he questioned by the FBI during that time?  3.  What were the REAL circumstances behind him being investigated by the FBI in 2002 due to connections with a terrorist?  They explained this on the news last night, but I'm not satisfied with the explanations.  4.  Why was he, a religious Jew, riding around in a taxi by himself in Mosul, with a copy of the Qu'ran on his person?  5.  MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION:  Why didn't he take the US up on its offer to fly him home for free???  I would really like to know the whole story.  I mean, my heart goes out to the family, but this doesn't seem like the same situation as when Daniel Pearl got killed.  Back to the prisoner scandal.  This Lynndie England chick is really gonna get it.  Doesn't she know that you can't go with the "I was just following orders" excuse anymore?  That defense went out with Nuremberg.  And the fact that she is in more than several pictures having sex with multiple servicemen in front of Iraqi prisoners just discredits her even more.  When shown the pictures, her mom said it was "just a prank."  Just a prank my ass.  Anywho...  Finally got the USB cable for the printer so I can finally print out pictures.  Whoo hoo!  Maybe Matt will call tonight or tomorrow to hang out.  What do I get my friend Joe, who is graduating from law school?    Hunger strikes... hope everyone has a great weekend!