Oh my...  I turn my head for a moment and everything changes.  I must admit, the new layout is very impressive and it looks easy to learn.  I like it!  I have spent the past three months teaching English up in Fukushima Prefecture.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with Japan, Fukushima is a few hundred kilometers north of Tokyo.  In Fukushima I have been living and working in a small town called Nihonmatsu.  Although I have studied quite a bit of Japanese history, this is my first trip to Northern Japan.  Nihonmatsu sits astride one of the widest passes through the Northern alps of Japan.  If you are sending an army north, you must pass through Nihonmatsu.  As a result, this small village in the foothills, home to rice farmers and apple growers, has played a pivotal role in many major conflicts.  In the mid-1700s the Japanese Imperial family wrested control from the warrior class that had controlled Japan for two and half centuries.  The conflict that broke the warrior's power base and allowed this to happen is referred to as the "Bosshin War".   As far as Japanese civil wars usually go, it wasn't really much of a conflict.  The Imperial Forces were armed with new rifles and modern cannon while the samurai had learned to depend almost entirely on their swords.  Even lances were no longer a major part of the warrior's arsenal, although everyone still practiced with them.  The better armed, more highly organized Imperial Forces stormed north through Nihonmatsu on their way to Sendai, the holdout of one of Northern Japan's most powerful samurai families.  The Niwa clan, overseers of Nihonmatsu, sent the bulk of their retainers north to help defend their lords in Sendai.  The key to the Northern strategy was a delaying action in Nihonmatsu, Adachi, and several dozen other small towns between the Kanto plain and Sendai.  Between equally equipped and trained forces it would have played out as a classic war of attrition that the wealthier northern forces would have easily won.  Things were not equal and the first major battle at Nihonmatsu showed just how true that was.  The Imperial forces met the Niwa clan's remaining forces at the southern end of the valley.  A ragtag force of teenagers, young men, and retired bureaucrats stood firm against a force that outnumbered them around a hundred to one.  The resulting battle was a complete slaughter that lasted less than a day.  Every battle between Nihonmatsu and Sendai went the same.  A delaying action that the northern daimyo had hoped would buy them six months to build up their forces lasted barely a few weeks.  Half their retainers surrendered, most of the remaining forces faded into the landscape without a fight.  All over in Nihonmatsu are plaques, stone stelles, and other monuments commemorating the battle, its victims, and the history that led up to it.  Living and working in Nihonmatsu has been quite an adventure.