old argument mentioned once again...   Wed Apr 5 21:24:43 2000   Alright, I've mentioned this before, but I had to talk about it today again, because of what I read. It's about how people will go out and try to blame the tobacco industry because they became smokers and got addicted. Well, my position on this is as follows. First of all, in the united states, everyone wants to have their own rights to do whatever, we can't wait to be 21, so we can drink, we can't wait to be 18 to buy cigarettes. So I guess when we turn 18, it should be considered good or exciting that we are finally considered "adults" and are allowed to do whatever. And the age of 18 marks the age of becoming independent. Well if that is granted to us, and if we have become independent by the age of 18, then we should be able to make the right decisions (right?)--of course the law thinks so. So then why is that these stupid people out there blame the tobacco industry? They are the ones who made the decision of smoking and became addicted..it's their fault, not the tobacco industry's!! I seriously don't understand it! I mean every company out there wants to make money by selling their products, and now it's the consumers job to know what to use and what not to use!  Sure I guess if someone started smoking at a younger age than 18, maybe the above could be wrong. But then, still that person should be at fault..he/she is the one causing harm to himself/herself..not the company! Why is it that we don't sue companies that make coffee or Mountain dew, or alcohol? Aren't all those addictive as well?? I think that if someone is trying to sue the tobacco industry, they should seriously think of sueing other companies..ones that make alcohol..because alcohol does cause death too! But, STILL, we are the ones who want to be free and be able to do whatever we can do, but when we are granted the right of doing "whatever", we, ourselves Abuse it, and then try blaming others for it! This case with the tobacco industry is purely the smokers fault...I have no remorse for smokers!  note: I am not a smoker..nor would I become one. I did make the right decision, and used my privilege granted to me properly. Others probably do the same, but then when somethin bad happens they think they can blame the tobacco companies..