One Week to go!!   I am soo stoaked.  I am at school at the moment and I am lucky enough to have this last period free and I can't be bothered doing anything! I just walked up to my classroom and found another class using it, which is fine, but all my gear was left out and now they are using this for their lesson.  Not that I mind, but it would be nice to be asked.  I have remembered a couple of my end of year activities which involve a lot of coloured pencils and paper.  Couldn't believe it last week when I woke up to the huge revelation of memories of folding paper!  Strange....  I am sad.  Anyway after a week of trudging around the school trying to find some coloured paper, I now have enough to do the first lesson of two for next week! Yippee.  The kids are keen too which is a bonus, both my year 10's REALLY want to have a go at it which is cool.  Speaking of year 10's.  One of the classes I only see in one out of our two week timetable so I do not know them very well.  They are a low set and do not usually work,  I won though!!!! Today  everybody  did  everything  I asked of them, and I didn't even have to raise my voice.  Shame that it was their last lesson with me...    ;(  not really, I won't miss them, there are other classes though that I will miss.  Some of the kids have come a long way in our short time together and I can be proud of what I have done.  Even though it did not seem like this most of the time.... I have been a grumpy teacher.  Had to laugh yesterday though when a boy admitted videoing me teaching using his phone, I looked so bloody serious.  It is quite strange seeing what you look like, when you didn't know you were being taped.    The kids had a teacher called Mr Knight at the start of their school year last September, and unfortunately for him he had a lazy eye.   One of the kids came up with quite a funny joke here it is...........   You know how Mr Knight had a lazy eye?.....      He couldn't control his pupils.  Ha ha.     Anyways, was hoping to go on a round London bus tour with Aaron this weekend(or last) but he is unable to make it.  Ah well, will see what the weather is like then decide whether I will go it alone.    Next Sunday (25 - 30 July) I am off to Italy to meet up with my Aunt, Uncle, and Cousins, we are staying in Perugia, and I have heard that is very nice.  Hopefully during my stay I will get down to Pompei.  Then on the 2 Lydia, another friend, and I are off to Ireland for Two weeks on a road trip.  Can't wait. We should be getting back on the 19 of August.  After that I want to visit Cornwall and Gloucester before I head up to Scotland, hopefully with my flatmates.  Pretty busy time.  Hope I have enough money to get me all these places.       Cheers everyone!