Oh how I love to blog.  It is a shame I waited so long to start one.  First things first.  Thank you Fenton for having everyone over.  I'm sorry the crazy neighbor woman decided to try and wreck the fun, but kodos to Gabe to attempted to deal with it.  It was neat to meet all the new people who were out last night.  Things have changed but I'd defiantly say they've changed for the better.  It was also even better to see the old crew such as Asma, Andy, Fenton, Gabe and Caleb.  I was a little disappointed in myself for going home so early but I'm still getting adjusted.  I managed to stay out around 1:30ish or so.  I went to the Phunkaholic but I was too tired and too drunk to really do much more then sit around and sip on my beer.  So that was basically that.  I think I'll do better next weekend. Today went really well.  I spent a lazy afternoon downtown.  I got some good old squid rice in the super hot bowl.  That is really good shit.  I think saw Matchstick Men.  I'm still out to lunch on the final verdict but it wasn't anything outstanding.  I didn't think I would like it about 75% of the way through the movie but it did get a little better and the more I think about it, it grows on me a bit.  Next week Once Upon a Time in Mexico comes out.  I'm glad I didn't see it in the U.S. now.  I know it isn't very good but your standards in movies tend to drop when you're in Korea.  I'm just glad to have a movie I haven't seen out in the theater.  After the movie I was heading to Seattle's Best where I ran into Simon Becky and Mieka.  They were kind enough to invite me to eat with them at a Vietnamese restaurant.  I had a delightful time.  They then went to a DVD room and I went to Seattle's Best to write in my journal and read a little.  And at last here I am in the PC room typing up a storm.   On a personal note I'm not sure what to do with my hair.  I'd kind of like to grow it out some but I don't like how it looks while it is growing out.  I'll have to think on this a bit.  I also need to get a sheet for my bed.  For some reason I don't have bed sheets, only blankets.  So one of my blankets is functioning as bed sheet.