Ok, time to update :) when did I leave f 0.o... well... don't know how to start off of that, but um... Had a good time at Kat's New Years Eve LAN party(btw, Happy New Year!), we had the most people we'de ever had at a LAN party before... It was awesome, 'cept for Katherine getting more sick... Like really more sick, not so good for the whole not getting sick part. My computer wasn't turned on once during... But we fixed it and I got a new better Mobo! W007!!:D So it's working now and I'm playing DAoC a whole fucking lot, as are Zak and Nate with me so that's very nice! I'm having tons of fun with that... Must not forget anything >.0... Had some ups and downs, but who doesn't... mmmm, lays *drool*. I slept a whole lot after the LAN, as much of the day as I was home then 'till 1:00. Felt better afterwards, then spent the night at Zak's with Nate there and we played DAoC 'till about 1:30. Got up about 8 to get Nate to the bus stop... we missed it after we went to breakfast with Tom and Kat at Alpenglow... Zak's mom went balistic, she was so pissed. So Tom drove Nate, Kat and I to Portland. That was fun, didn't do much but I was glad to be with Nate before he left. His mom was cool about it, we met in a brew pub and ate dinner(they had to force me into something, I got chicken strips*rolls eyes*). Afterwards we got to the Inn and watched Once Upon A Time In Mexico... um... that was definatly a strange movie, it was like they were trying to make it funny but were trying to make it really serious at the same time... Yeah, Kat liked it though so we had to watch it*cough* brat! *cough* ;D. Drove me nuts when I went to bed 'cause Kat was sleeping just in the other room... So close yet so far, big obsical between us :/... oh well, it was all fun. We went to Powells and headed off, she wasn't feeling all that great and slept most the time... She needed it :). Got home and sorta didn't know what to do, my computer was still at Zak's... My desk feels really crappy with just my Mac sitting there, very empty and good-computerless... So my day... I got ready with my eyes closed, that was hard... took me a long time to find something to wear, but I was too tired to open my eyes. I got it eventually, 'twas fun. So I stood there in the 6 degree weather talking to Alex, John and the little freshman kid. Then I stood some more. Then a little more. Then a lot more. Then we realized the bus wasn't coming after being a half an hour late! So John dad gave us a ride, got to school and went to class 15 minutes late... Didn't do a thing in Design Tech, didn't want to do anything in Math but Carpenter was teaching something new so I had to pay attention. Was nice to see Trevor again, he was in a good mood after going to Eugene(youd know if you did)... So we went to Taco Bell for Jen and then to my house and ate, I had the strangest assortment of food for lunch... little cookie dough balls, cheese and crackers, 3 Eggo waffles, Enchiladas and some chips... But then Trevor had my old Mountain Dew from a while back, it was frozen but it was stil good. He decided to start putting stuff in it like Eggnog, chocolate, strawberry candies, lemon juice, apple cider and honey... It was... interesting, it wasn't awful but it wasn't good... It was fun!:D By that time we had skrewed around a lot and had to go back, so we did... I went to Drama and did stuff, was fun... I'm so happy Kat's going to Summit for the second semster, I still don't know if she actually wants to... But she still has time to think about it. I'm really trying to update more, just don't have the energy to think of something to post. Sometimes I just sit here and stare at the screen thinking, oh well... Love you Kat!