Character number one-  Argoff the shiny -     He is tall (liek any normaly elf) and very strong from the things he carried around with him. He has extremely tanned skin and light, shimering yellow eyes.      He wears a puffy white long-sleeved shirt, puffy yellow silk pants and yellow silk shoes. Over his torso is silver torso armor with two sholder plates on each sholder. Attatched to each sholder plate are the sides to a golden silk cloak (shiny, neh?) with the hood laying back against his... well.... back o0;;. Under the cloack are thousands of gold, white, blue and red silk pouches full of, carefully sorted, thousands of just about anything shiny.     His short brown hair is braided back into corn rows with gold and silver threads weaved in with it and randome gold and silver beads at the ends and through out at randome.  Character two-  Halgin th fearless -     She's a short, 4'2" woman with a twig-like body. Her hair is sandy blond with sand in it o0;; THE SAND JUST DOESN'T WANT TO COME OUT!!!!!!      Her eyes are a bright turquoise color and they always seem to sparkle.      She wears short navy green shorts and a navy blue corset over a puffy black shirt with puffball short sleeves. and on her feet ar tall black boots that have crimson ribbons bound up criss crossing up to her knees. Her sandy hair (hehe PUN!) is long, down to her ankles, and braided low. around her neck and over her head , but not over her sholders, is a dark, forest green cloak  that catches every wind that blows by.  character number three-  Thentrise (theh-n-trie-ss) the cold -     He's tall, extremely strong, black hair, black eyes, pale blue skin, and an all black outfit comprised of puffy pants, a puffy shirt and shoes ^ ^. He carried a black metle staff with a spear pont at one end and a crimson gem at the other. there is also a large crimson gem in the center of his forhead and a smaller crimson gem on either side of that. When ever he get's angry the wind blows eirily past people and his eyes turn crimson and glow red. o0;;