We came back from lunch.   Started on the legs.   1 cut down the center vertical cut from gluts to just below the ankle. 1 cut across the back of knee horizontal and then pull back the skin revealing the muscles underneath.  I will never look at a drumstick at Disneyworld the same way again.  Wow 4:00 pm already. Time to clean up. First we spray the body down with alcahol to prevent mold. The we covered the exposed muscles with wet handy wipes and fold the skin back over* and zied the body bag back up.  *We have been placing all the fatty tissue in a 30lb garbage bag, which we place between the cadavors legs when putting him to rest in the body bag.  * The following is a discription of how we started cutting or I should say dissection. This info is from  "Manual of Human Dissection" page 29.  For the dissection of the back, the body lies prone, with a block elevating the thorax, and the head hanging freely, (we did not use a block) so that the back of the neck is stretched. Certain surface points should be identified before the skin is reflected. in the midline at the base of the skull the EXTERNAL OCCIPITAL PROTUBERANCE. Laterally, behind the lower part of the auricle, is the MASTOID PROCESS. Arching between the external occipital protuberance and the amstoid on either side, the SUPERIOR NUCHAL LINE may be palpated. In th emedian like of the back, teh SPINOUS PROCESS of most of the vertebrae are apparent. The highest vertebral spine which is ordinarily palapable is that of the sixth cervical vertebra. The higher cervical spines are seperated from the skin by the LIGAMENTUM NUCHAE, a strong fibrous band which stretches in the median plane from the external occipital protuberance to the seventh cervical spine and is attached deeply to the spinous processes of all the cervical spine and is attached deeply to the spinous processes of all the cervical vertebrae. Below the last lumbar psine, the posterior surface of the SACRUM is sucutaneous, and below it, between the buttocks, is the COCCYX. Identify also the CREST of the ILIUM, arching laterally from the posterior superior iliac spine. The posterior part of the iliac crest is often covered by a fairly thick layer of subcutaneous fat.  Locate the VEREBRAL BORDER OF the SCAPULA. Running laterally and upward from this border the SPINE OF the SCAPULA is subcautanious throughout its length. it ends in the broad ACROMION PROCESS, which forms the bony prominence of the shoulder.  When these points have been observed, make the following incisions through the skin: (1)a median longitudinal incision starting at the external occipital protuberance and ending at the tip of the coccyx; (2)from the upper end of the first incision, one laterally and downward across the back of the skull behind the ears to the mastoid process; (3)from the first incision, one at the level of the first lumbar spine upward and laterally to the posterior axillary fold and then along this fold the the back of the arm; (4)from the first incision, one at the level of teh seventh cervical spine straight laterally to the tip of the acromion; (5)from the lower end of the first incision, one upward and laterally to the posterior iliac spine and then along the iliac crest to the posterior axillary line. By these incisions, three large flaps of skin will be marked out on each side. These flaps should now all be reflected laterally.  The reflection of the skin will expose the SUPERFICIAL FASCIA of the back. It has no specific characteristics but resembles the superficial facia in other parts of the body. Before removing the superficial fasica, dissect some of the cutaneous nerves to demonstrate their segmental arrangement. Then reflect the superfical fasica, together with the deep fascia, in cleaning the superficial muscles of the back.  The CUTANEOUS NERVES of the back are derived from the POSTERIOR PRIMARY DIVISIONS of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spinal nerves. With the exception of the GREAT OCCIPITAL NERVE, they are small, but some of them will be seen peiercing the superficial muscles of theback in teh linear series not far lateral to the median line, as these muscles are cleaned.