It's been a busy couple of days.  I didn't really have much planned--a couple of short shifts at work was really all that was in the works.  Somehow though, I ended up getting thrown a lot more than that--not in a bad way at all, which is a welcome change.    It started off with a phone call from Tim yesterday morning.  We ended up getting together for lunch, and then playing Nintendo for a few hours, slowly adding on to our Super Mario World progress.  That lasted until I had to go into work to learn the new computer system-- and how thrilling was that?  ::rolls eyes::  Anyway, after work, I ended up going out to dinner with some coworkers, and then did some shopping.  After that, we ended up playing chess for a couple of hours.  Then I got home... literally just in time for company.  Nicole decided that since her summer class was cancelled on Thursday, and her parents were out of town, she would come up and visit for a couple of days.  Thankfully, my apartment has not reacted as badly to company this time as it did the first time.  ::knocks on wood::  So, we watched a movie and hung out for a while, before I turned in early.  It's a good thing that I did go to sleep reasonably early (translation:  1:00 AM), because I was wide awake at 6:00, and had no way of returning to sleep.  I ended up lying around for a while, and then turning off my alarm before it could go off at 7:30.  I got up, and went into work for the fun of trainer certification class.  That was actually quite entertaining, all things considered.  On my way home, Tim called, and he ended up coming over for another bit of Mario.  I seriously think this may be turning into a dangerous addiction, although we have already defeated the game, and are now working our way through finding every single world that exists.  Eh.  At least we're entertaining to watch when we're playing, according to Nicole.  I think she may have been a little scared when we started swearing at the game.  I couldn't imagine *why* that would disturb her.  (Bleck-bleck!  Where's the bleck-bleck?!)  After Tim left to go to work, Nicole and I went to Uptown and saw "Shrek 2".  It was a really cute movie.  I think I found the first one funnier, because of the originality at that point, but there were some hysterical one liners in the second one too.  I definitely laughed a LOT.  After the movie, we went to Barnes and Noble for a while, which was *extremely* tempting, but I was very proud of myself for leaving with nothing.  We ended up grabbing some dinner and coming back to the apartment, where we both just... sat and read all night.  All said, it's been a great couple of days, with some very nice unexpected surprises.    Tomorrow, I'm working all afternoon, so Nicole's going to head out when I go into work.  Then I work a long shift on Friday, and I have the weekend off, just in time for Mom and Sarah to visit.  I'm not sure what we're doing on Saturday once they get here (besides a very belated birthday celebration for Sarah), but Sunday, we're heading out to the concert for Sarah's birthday.  All said, this is shaping up to be a pretty great week.  :-)