[part three]  There are also scanners inside the room and under the seats that check the attendance of the students.  Using its database, it checks if each student is present.  Absences and tardiness are automatically recorded in the database and the student will be called if he reaches his allowable number of absences, which is twenty percent of the whole schoolyear.  It also checks the attendance of the faculty.  If the teacher does not come after fifteen minutes, the room will revert to the background of the previous class.  However, once he enters after the 15-minute grace period, the background will be set back to the current teacher's preference.     During quizzes and exams, dividers are lowered to prevent students from glancing at their seatmates' terminals.  The displays will also be locked so that they cannot access the data in the other terminals.  No paper is required; the students type their answers or write them on digitized tablets.  Small cameras are also placed around the student's areas which will detect any other form of cheating, including handwritten notes.  Evidences of cheating are photographed and are sent to the principal and the head teacher immediately.     Certain activities in a subject require special equipment.  Upon request by the teacher in his lesson plan, the room will automatically produce toys for pre-schoolers, laboratory equipment for science, simulated gardening plots, cooking equipment and carpentry tools for home economics (together with the needed seeds and fertilizer, ingredients, or raw materials, respectively), musical instruments for... you guessed it... music class, drawing and painting equipment for art class, and props for any subject that requires acting or any form of simulation.  Special LCD projectors, which can transform any film into three-dimensional shows and colorize black-and-white films, are also provided from the ceiling.  The walls also have hidden speakers that generate fifty-channel stereo sound for added realism.  These speakers also have an amplifier that converts other old stereo sound and even monaural sound into fifty-channel format.