i'm back "home" now...it feels so good to be here.  i miss my sisters and my parents so much...plus, i really like having a dog or five to cuddle up with at night.  i just got back from the movies.  we went to see sunshine for the spotless mind (for some reason i know that title isn't right...).  i almost hate to go to movies anymore because the seats are always so uncomfortable...i toss and turn in my seat and still by the time the movie is over my body is sore from sitting that long.  other than that i like the whole movie experience.  i think it's weird i've never been on a date to a movie.  maybe it's not so weird, especially if you think about how many "dates" i've actually had.  the weird thing about me is that i seem to get involved with my closest friends...but we never start going on dates or anything...we just start being involved...but never quite get to the "boyfriend/girlfriend" stage...whatever that is.  then we end things and never speak to each other again.  i don't think i've ever been considered someone's girlfriend.  i think that may be even weirder than the movie thing.  so, the movie was alright.  i fell asleep during part of it, but that's been common lately...i've been getting really bored with things and losing interest in just about everything.  at the end it made me cry.  i think the part about someone erasing their memory of another person sort of reminded me of what happened with the boys and i and how i felt about it.  i still don't understand but i guess it's not meant for me to understand and honestly, i've moved on and realized that they aren't friends.  i don't think i'd even want to talk to them if they did approach me.  they aren't worth it to me anymore.  especially after all that they've put me through.  the part that really got me to cry was that the girl sort of reminded me of that jenny girl...i think it was the hair and the drinking aspect of her, oh and how she was always screaming at him...and it made me think of shea and how all i ever wanted was for him to be happy and i really was happy for him that he met her, but how he could only think about how i must be obsessed with him because i wanted to continue to be part of his life as a friend.  then on the way home, i heard some songs that reminded me of the boys and all the good times we've had.  oh, how much fun we had over the summer living in the condo.  oh, and shea's birthday.  that was great.  i made duplicates of this great picture of kurt, shea, and i that we had taken at one of the bars and i was going to frame them and give them as christmas presents but i never got around to buying the frames.  and i remember sitting on the sidewalk of nicollet and shea kissing me and i made him stop because kurt was watching us.  and he told me how much he liked me and i told him that he only thought that he liked me and once he got to know me he wouldn't like me any more.  and he told me that he already knew me and that he couldn't see himself not liking me...  ugh, i still have to get my bikes.  all i have to say is that they better still be there when i go to get them.  i paid $150 for them and they are certainly not theirs to mess with.  hopefully i won't run into any of them while i'm there.  i'm still pissed off for them not sending me my w-2's, or even telling me that they had them so i could have gone and gotten them.  of course, i'm assuming that they have/had them but i think it's a very accurate assumption considering that's where my mail was being sent at that time and it never showed up anywhere else.  i can't wait for summer.  bike riding...rollerblading...reading on the grass...hopefully meeting some new people...taking that glassblowing class...doing volunteer work...relaxing...ahhhh...it will be nice.  well, i guess i should go to sleep.  i'm tired and it's been an emotionally draining night.  i hate the fact that those boys are still lingering around in my memories and ruining my happy moments even though they are out of my life...