I did not go to this morning’s seminar because I instead had a fieldwork assignment for the Revolutionary Women’s seminar at the new Boston Convention and Exhibition Center. I was a guest and was not there on a voluntary status. It took awhile for things to get going, and had I known that I did not truly need to be there until 1 pm I would have gone to the seminar this morning.  I choose to go to the one hour-long mini-workshop that was setup before we were to go to the big convention hall to hear the main speakers. It was entitled, A foot in the door. Getting started in Politics at the local level. Although this was geared towards women there were some insightful things that were brought to the forefront.  Some of the ideas shared by these women on the panel were. You have to get into the game to learn the process. You have to be prepared to lose. Running is in itself an art and a skill. Go with your heart and interests. The one thing that they said and I never gave much thought to was, most women run campaigns on the issues and not on vanity.  The one sound bite of the day came from Martha Copeland. “They call it a campaign because it is War.”  At the event that occurred later on in the day, I had the great pleasure of hearing Governor Howard Dean give a speech and then introduce the women that would later speak to us. This group of women included, Secretary of State Madeline Albright, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Ambassador Carol Mosely Braun, and Senator Hillary Clinton.  The interesting thing about Governor Dean’s speech is that it was very toned down, but still had a forceful air to it. He later ended the speech with a very toned down version of his speech that he gave to his supporters after losing the Iowa caucus. He named a list of many states, but did not give the battle cry. The place did still erupt in applause.  Many of the women on the panel gave support to the notion of a possible women being in the White House in the next few years. They kept alluding to Senator Clinton being the first women President of the United States. The Senator was visible taken aback by such public displays of support. I think this has to do with the rumors that she is secretly hoping that Senator Kerry does not win this years election so that she can run in 2008.  Later on this evening I went to watch some of the convention speeches at the Red Hat once again. I was unable to gain a ticket to get into the convention center for the second night in a row. Hopefully I will be able to get a ticket before this week is out. I found it rather tough to get into the speech delivered by Senator Kennedy. I thought the delivery was rather flat.  I left the pub for a little while and walked towards the Fleet Center to see what was going on. I had heard that “The Cage” was a sight to see. “The Cage” is the nickname given to the fenced off area where protesters are supposed to engage in their distaste for the convention. It is rather sad that when people speak of free speech they are forced to do it in a hindered manner. I realize that all of the delegates and parties going into the Fleet Center already have their minds made up to support the Democratic Party, but these people should at least have to see the many words and faces that these protesters portray.  I later watched the keynote speech by State Senator Barrack Obama (D-Chicago). He is truly a rising star and gave a very inspiring speech to the masses in attendance and watching on televisions across our nation. His message gave hope to all those that feel that the American Dream eludes them to this day. He states that we are but one nation and that we must unite together for the common good.  I later saw Teresa Heinz Kerry’s speech and honestly was unmoved. I am not sure exactly what it was supposed to do, all I know is it didn’t do anything for me.