Once again I have posted these Nagano related posts in the wrong order...anyway...like I said in another post, I am not quite sure how I made the saves I did but I guess luck was on my side.  I could hear people on the sidelines commenting and people on the field were saying things as well.  One person shouted "don't shoot the powershots anymore because she can take them".  Another player told someone on my team that she thought I was awesome and then she walked up to me and said "you really suck" while shaking my hand.  The refs kept telling me nice saves and comments just kept coming from just about everyone all day long.   On Saturday night there was a party for all of those involved in the tournament.  One of the girls on my team came up to me and told me that another team had stopped her and made comments about me and that I was becoming a legend in Nagano.  As I walked from 1 side of the room to the other I was stopped by 3 different groups of girls who wanted to tell me how well I played, to ask me if I had really never played goalie before, and to see if my injuries were healing.  It actually got quite tiresome.  The keeper from Nagano talked to Jamie (our captain) and told her that she could watch me reading the other players and I knew exactly where they were heading and that is how I could stop all of their shots.  I honestly am not quite sure how it all happened but having all these different people talking about you and asking other people questions about me was kind of strange but in a good way I suppose.  I don't think I have ever been the center of so much positive attention.  Unfortunately, as I sit here typing (on Tuesday I will add) I am still feeling the pain of all of the dives and saves.  My ankle is a bit sore and I can't quite lift my right arm and rotate that shoulder.  Oh well, I guess a little pain now was worth the effort in goal because my team was able to depend on me and aside from the 2nd half of day 2, I don't feel like I let them down at all.  In fact I think they were a bit shocked by my play as well.