A short list of things that I have learned during my first week at Cache La Poudre Junior High School as a Student Teacher:    If your school wants all teachers to be addressed by title and surname, don't spend alot of effort the first few days learning everyone's  first  names!    Seventh graders are emotionally fragile.  They might cry if they don't get their lockers open.  Try to learn how to accomplish this simple task very early on so that you can prevent the tears.   Pubescent boys that are popular really do punch each other alot.  Don't take it too seriously.   Try to say "hi" and introduce yourself to anyone you don't know, especially in the teacher's lounge.   Sometimes Junior High School Girls say things that aren't very nice.  Try not to take it personally.   There are likely to be a couple of misfits in your class, such as new kids, overweight kids, unpopular kids, etc.  Make an effort to notice them and be nice to them, but don't let anyone see you doing it.   If you have to leave the building, let the Office Manager know.   Your cooperating teacher is likely to be different from you.  Try to learn anything you can anyway.  If they need something, get it for them.  If the phone rings during class, answer it for them.  If they need help with the students, help them.   One ill-timed fart can permanently affect your status as an effective teacher in the eyes of your students.  Take steps to prevent this sort of thing, if necessary.   If you have a great idea that you want to try in class, ask your cooperating teacher first what they think.  If they don't like it, don't do it.    Make sure your fly is always up after a trip to the restroom.   Smile alot.   Alot of times, questions that you ask the class are going to go unanswered.  Be prepared with a backup plan.   The kid wearing the black lipstick doesn't care if you exist.  Take this as a personal challenge to get to know them better.   If you get to school early enough, you will be able to find a good parking spot.   Be prepared with a good generic retort to any rude comment that might be directed at you.  Sticking your tongue out at the offending student is not likely to be the most appropriate response.   That is all I can remember at the moment.  Tomorrow, we start a new week!