Ok I'll finish up about Saipan now, or at least try.  So we met up with our guide on Monday night and hung out with the girls that we ate dinner with at one of the nicer hotels.  They ended up being pretty cool after they finally relaxed and opened up.  The married one was even nice enough to pick up the bill for us.  Ok fast forward to the next morning.  Today was a lot of fun.  First my stomach was totally better so I was able to eat breakfast.  It wasn't a great breakfast but it was good enough.  We hit up a fiery and went to an Island that I won't even try to spell.  This place was just a bit amazing.  The water was just beautiful.  Really this was a slice of heaven.  It was also good to see Japanese girls in swim suits.  I think that in general Korean girls look better than the Japanese but the Japanese have attitude, style and pizaz (sp?).  Anyway it was funny b/c there was a section of the beach where the Japanese hung out and another part where the Koreans hung out.  There might have been 10 Koreans there so we went to Japanese part and kicked it.  The Japanese aren't nearly as interested in white people as the Koreans are.  We were the only round eyes around and nobody ever looked at us twice.  Tim and I walked around the island, threw the frisbee went swimming and just chilled out.  Great way to spend the morning.  I now have a really awkward strange burn on my chest from where I didn't rub the sun screen on completely.  So we caught the boat back and then did lunch.  Same western style restaurant but this time we went with the hamburger steak.  Actually it was a pretty darn good meal.  We then went to the hotel and had some free time until we left at 2:45 in the morning.  There was an optional cocktail show for something like a $100 so we politely declined.  Instead we grabbed a quick nap went shopping and then went downtown, if you can call it that.  Very uncharacteristically of me I managed to forget my address book so I wasn't able to send any postcards.  But I managed to calm myself and came to the conclusion I would just send them when I got back to Korea.  So we caught a taxi downtown but didn't have to pay b/c we took it to the duty free shopping place.  We hung out here for a while and looked around.  It was pretty interesting.  We then got dinner at the Hard Rock.  I think this turned out to be one of our better decisions.  The food and service was great and we were also entertained by an Elvis impersonator.  Not only that but we got our photos taken with him.  After dinner we wondered around and hit a few bars.  We went to the only real club in Saipan which is a place called GIG.  But they wanted $25 to get in on a Tuesday night.  Forget that.  So they had an outside bar that we hung out and got some beers at.  Taxis in Saipan are wicked expensive.  It cost us $13 to get back to our hotel and that was only about 10 minutes away.  All in all a great trip.  Too short but it always is.  Our tour guide ruled.  I wish I had gotten a picture with him before we left but we were pretty drunk and tired when it was time to call it a day.  Ok I might blog later today after work about all the happenings of the weekend.