Something that I've been thinking about lately, is something Jonathan mentioned in an e-mail (obviously, I'm thinking about him all the time because he's not home and we're always talking about something on the phone or he's at my house when he's around).  I sent him a long(-ish) e-mail, I've sent longer, but in his response he said he didn't know he'd signed up for my newsletter.  Apparently, my e-mails are pretty long, but then again, everything I write is long.  The post before this one (well that I wrote -wrote ) is about average length for me.  At one point I was using my blog (on the other server), sort of as a chatting forum, but then again, that was kinda dorky too, because I was chatting with Caitlin through the blog, on Trillian, and on the phone all at once.  I was hyper-active and stupid.  But anyways, this will be my first official newsletter!  Yay!  Caitlin and I went together and got our nails done (and the pedicure) at B-Nails in our lil town for Performing Arts.  I think, for me at least, Performing Arts took the place of Prom, since I never went.  Yes, a teenage girl skipping both her Junior and Senior proms.  Oh, boo-hoo, you'll regret that decision, yada-yada-yada ... whatever, I've heard it all.  Prom is just not for me.  But back to my point, I've had my nails done for two weeks (on Saturday) and I haven't cracked, broken or lost any of my nails yet!  *Bows to cheering audience*  It's aaaaamazing!  My nails are usually off within the first week. I don't even really need a fill-in yet.. you can kinda see the edge, but these are looking really good for two weeks.  I might even just keep them like this for camp!  Jonathan comes back from TX on Thuuuuuuuuursday!!!  Yay!  Finally somebody to ttttaaaaalk to!  I'm getting massively hyper (via my typing, not on the outside, though).  Time to put in some Linkin Park and think to thaaat.  Dad said this week we're going down to work at Granny and Grandad's house one day this week, then paused, asking what day Jonathan comes in.  I told him Thursday night, but I probably wouldn't see him until Friday, and we'd hang out then.  Based on that, he decided when we would go down to work, because I need to spend time with Jonathan before he ships out.  Whoa Dad, you're oversteppin them boundaries AGAIN.  Admittedly, I'm still in love with Jonathan.  Love isn't something that just goes away when you break up.  He knows more about me than anyone else in my life, and understands me the best, because he took the time to find out.  But sometimes, sometimes I think Dad is in love with him more than I ever have been. I mean, if you've ever had one of your parents "crush" on your boyfriend/girlfriend, this is definately one of those times.  I put my prayers in my prayer box.  There isn't much space to shove a slip of paper in so I put in the most important ones (from least important to most): Jonathan's trip back from TX, Caitlin in Guatemala, and my brother James, who is still an Atheist.  Between the three of them, they kill me with worry.  I'm always afraid something bad will happen to James, and he'll die without knowing Jesus as his savior, without letting Jesus into his heart and soul and loving him the way Christians ought to.  I don't even love him like I ought to and I'm working on it as hard as I can, praying that God will let his will be done through me, but I feel like I need to keep praying for James.  Caitlin left thinking I was excessively upset with her, and I was, but I'm learning to be patient and understand the situation and I'm not so upset anymore.  I hope and pray she knows that.  I hope she understands that nothing I say will ever be excuse enough for my behavior... because excuses are nothing but cop-outs (something else I learned from Jonathan, blaming the problems and the attitude on the condition ain't gunna cut it).  And of course, Jonathan.  He's always on my mind, always in my thoughts, always in my prayers.  I'd be the one to fall for the military bound one, wouldn't I?  Well, most of the women in my family like them miliarty boys, we just can't settle on a family branch yet.  We've got Army, Air Force, and, thanks to my feelings for Jonathan, Navy.  For some reason, though, keeping my prayers in this little box, feels like they're closer to my heart, at the front my thoughts rather than on the back burner.  I know the box actually has nothing special about it.  It's just a little box on a necklace, it's nothing big, but maybe just having prayers in it, reminds me that I do have something to pray about.  Sooner or later, I'll have to learn short hand so I can fit more onto my little slips of paper.  =o)  Enough for this "Issue."  My fingers are starting to cramp, LOL =op  Much love!!