i had a pretty nice day today...  i'm glad i'm making new aqcuaintances while keeping close touch to old ones. i don't feel, somewhat, too committed to daryl anymore. it's kinda good actually considering the fact that i was started to feel strangled by her constant presence. we still hang out but not that much anymore. we hug as a greeting but we don't comply to past "sweet habits". weird [yet expected] thing though, i don't miss it at all. maybe it was time we loosened our firm grip of each other. we are moving on already. monique has been great! we hang out, talk, and i enjoy her company. we're open, meaning our embrace of one another isn't closed and there will always be room for many. but, i'm kinda afrain to call her a best friend so i keep it safe by keeping a couple of close, intimate companions. i feel that carla, alison and martha are kinda pissed off at me. maybe it's because i'm with monique. hey, we're just hanging out, doesn't mean i'm owning her. my current circle includes ayen and stef. i'm really glad we're able to be togethere again. i can't really realize that i missed them but i feel that i did.  i'm pretty cool with my new classmates. i think our class is made up of comediennes, intellectuals and fun girls so i think we're pretty extraordinary. i met our computer teacher today, sir ralph. he rocks! very energetic and fun. sir ralph's was kinda like mark logan's and he would do really well on a toothpaste commercial because of his irresistable smile. man, we had a good laugh in his period. he even said one thing that was so catchy. "rationality is what separates us from animals..." very nice.... ms. Bolangkita is the terror of THE. She notices every single detail and over-elaborates her point. Our speech class is my fave. It builds self-confidence, improves grammar and vocabulary, makes you a fluent and modulated speaker, etc. ms, dela cruz even commented on my piece in our graded recitation and when we explained to our classmates our hand language paper. She said I had nice choice of words. I agree with that because I did use deep shit in that. Good thing was, I didn’t nervous when I recited. I was confident. I didn’t fidget or shake. I was cool…  I miss jammi so much. I wish he had a nice day in school [damn, I sound like a mom]. Actually, I don’t care if mariz got back with him or he forgot me, just as long as he’s alive, I’m ok.  “I love you, baby…”