I would like to tell you a little bit about our beneficiary Nancy Gorman.  Nancy is a 41 year old Boston woman who suffers from multiple, chronic medical conditions including Cerebral Palsy, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), and Chronic eating Disorder.  Born disabled after her mother fell into a coma a month prior to her birth, Nancy has undergone some 25 operations in an effort to correct various physical disabilities.  She is also legally blind and paralyzed from the waist down.  Her condition has left her permanently disabled and wheelchair bound for life.    She has had 3 service dogs over the course of her life – all golden retrievers.  The dogs are highly trained and have assisted her in her daily life.  They have not only acted as guide dogs, but also to help her locate items, answer the telephone and retrieve things she needs to function.  The dogs have been integral to Nancy, not only by allowing her to live independently, but also for companionship and her emotional well-being.  I happened to meet Nancy in Honolulu in June 2004, the day after her last service dog “Daisy”, had died suddenly from heart failure.  Without a dog, Nancy is severely constrained physically and even the smallest of her day-to-day tasks are a huge challenge for her.  Losing Daisy has also taken a big toll on her emotionally, as she has lost her constant companion and help-mate.   Without assistance, it will take a year for Nancy to both raise the funds needed to get a new dog, and have that dog trained.  In the interim, Nancy will almost certainly be dependent on volunteers to function, and her mental state is likely to be compromised.    With the Step up for Life Program being about Life, Health and empowerment of women, we have an opportunity to not only empower our own lives in these areas, but to empower Nancy to return to a life of independence and emotional wellbeing more quickly than she could on her own.  Nancy needs to raise approximately $6,000.  Our goal is to raise this amount as a team effort.  With 20 participants, this means raising $300 each; with 30 participants, $200 each etc.  This may seem daunting, however is achievable if we can get 10 sponsors each.  On behalf of Nancy I would like to thank you in advance for taking this on and for making a difference to a sister in need.  Life is short.  Thank you for stepping up!  MaryKay Mullally July, 2004