Depleted Uranium Press conference  mp3 file  The AUDIO (mp3) is available from yesterday's National call-in press conference on 'depleted' uranium with Doug Rokke, Ph.D.  Traprock Peace Center hosted the press conference with particpants from Washington, DC; New York State; North Carolina; South Dakota, Oregon and Massachusetts. The entire press conference is available for free for download (an mp3 file). Go to http://traprockpeace.org/RokkePressConf23July03.html for information and a link to the mp3 download.  More information:  Traprock Peace Center hosted this national call-in press conference with Doug Rokke, Ph.D. on 'depleted' uranium, which has been used by US, UK and Australian troops in the Iraq War.  Dr. Rokke made a number of startling revelations. Over 221,000 veterans from Gulf I are on permanent disability. Now, soldiers are coming back sick. DU is suspected as a cause. He goes into details about how the soldiers who went to the Gulf were ill-trained and ill-equipped to deal with radioactive munitions. These munitions cause a radioactive and highly toxic dust when used.   US, UK and Australian troops have spread this radioactive material widely in Iraq, to the long term detriment of Iraqi civilians and coalition soldiers as well. This spreading of radioactive contamination in Iraq is something that the US could not have done in the US without violating environmental and health laws.   Participating in the press conference were:  Doug Rokke, Ph.D., former Director of the U.S. Army Depleted Uranium (DU) Project in the aftermath of the Gulf War; Vietnam and Gulf War veteran.  Sunny Miller - Moderator, Traprock Peace Center, http://traprockpeace.org Andrew Stelzer, WBOO, Portland, OR Elizabeth Christanson, WRBO, Syracuse, NY Jon Hunt, The Fuse, Boone, NC Jean Koster, South Dakota Sun Mike Zmolek, National Network to End the War Against Iraq, http://www.endthewar.org  Dr. Rokke spoke on the road, as he is in the start of a 3 state Summer Tour on 'Depleted' Uranium through August 10. The tour is organized by Traprock Peace Center and local hosts. More information on the tour is available at http://traprockpeace.org/rokkesummerdutour03.html  The tour continues in September with mainly mid-west and west-coast dates. Groups wishing to host Doug Rokke or media wishing to interview him should call Sunny Miller at 413-773-7427.  In mid-October, Dr. Rokke will present at the World Uranium Weapons Conference in Hamburg. Get more information, with valuable links to resources on DU at http://www.uraniumweaponsconference.de/speakers.htm  Traprock's home page has recent items on 'depleted' uranium. It's main resource page on DU, with links to other resources, is found at http://traprockpeace.org/depleteduranium.html