Annoying girls...    Yes I am back again, and back again with another complaint. Gosh, it seems to me like I can't get over it. It's weird, you get done with one friend, and think God, I'm finally never going to have to talk to her, and have to hear her cries for men...and then you run into another girl like her again!! I don't know, and I don't get it. Why do girls try soo hard to get a males' attention?????? My friend, previous/very annoying, thank god I'm not friends with her friend, yes her...I had to put up with her constant nagging for geez almost a year about how she always wanted someone and they did not notice her in that way!!! She would always get mad...she was always frustrated..and even a smile to her was a huge huge thing....I wish I could have told her, dammit get over it..everyone smiles at everyone, it does NOT mean a thing!!!  So finally, I'm over this last leachin type friend..   So next friend...SAME thing! geez, what is this world made up of?? Desperate girls or what?? This new one isn't that bad, she doesn't waste all her time on men..she does get straight A's..she knows the limit..but what am I? A complain booth?? Geez, I get all these phonecalls from her (like I got from the previous leech)...and the phonecalls are all about...Oh god, it didn't work out..oh god I think it was a smile..oh god why does he not see that way?? Mmm.....yah, I've memorized her number, it's quite fun just ignoring her number coming up on my cell phone.....    It's not that I think girls are totally messed up..but I think they need to set their priorities straight!! I mean, it's one thing to make time, and go about it, but another to waste all your time about such frivileous (sp!) things! And it's very annoying when some of these girls take their study group time as an opportunity to get someones' attention..how crazy is that???     Priorities should be in life...not everything is about finding a match.....People need to find a time and place for everything...uggh, it just gets me.that's all!! Everyone has their own priorities I know, but there should be specific times for each priority....give or take a few!!