Bonjour! This is the first time ive been able to get on here since i got to Quebec...   the drive here on Saturday was long and boring... i wanted to sleep in the car but it was very uncomfortable. on Sunday we drove around forever looking for the place.  Jodie and I quickly met lots of new people, including Feona, Charles, Thanh, Christi, Jeff and Jun.... les animateures [the people who run the thing] are really fun!  the first day [Sunday] Jodie, Feona, and i toured around the campus to find everything... then that night we got an actual tour, and learned where everything is, even though we already know!   yesterday [monday, which seems like a million years ago] we had our placement test to see which class we are in... im in intermediate 2B... its basically the 5th of 7 levels.  in the evening les animateures gave us tours of Vieux Quebec.... we didnt see a huge amount, but it was fun. except for when it was constantly raining LOL. we`ve also been playing frisbee in the gym, and there is pool, air hockey, etc. in the game room.  the food in the cafeteria is good, but they must eat a lot here in Quebec... i never get the full meal offered and i still cant finish it all! [you get to pick the things you want in the cheap meal... if you buy something else, it costs more for much less]  today we had our first actual class... Julie is my teacher.... it is okay, but boring... although its more doing things and speaking than learning, which is good. Feona is the only person i knew in my class, but i already know all the names and some things about the people [there are two Michaels, 2 Amys, 2 Amandas and 2 Anastasias!!!]  .... later we are having a BBQ for supper, and then a welcome party  internet time is a hto commodity... there are probably 30 computers at the most for 265 people, and they are only available at certain times... we missed out yesterday LOL  this afternoon i have my first workshop day... every tues and thurs we have our workshop which we had to choose [i am doing Summer Book with Jodie... i wanted photography but i didnt get my first choice... we are basically making an album for the entire time we are here]  i think thats enough for now... enjoy the Big Brother and Amazing Race premieres tonight [for those people who will be watching] oh by the way, we are constantly busy, so i dont know how often ill get doing this, but keep checking anyways!  Au revoir!  PS.. mom, can you get my report card and email my marks to me? thanks