Articles like  urlLink this one  make me cringe - Not because they portray Newton as an alchemist (which he pretty much was, among other things), but because of phrases like "When we think of Isaac Newton, we usually think of [...] his invention of calculus." Now, repeat after me children: Newton did not invent Calculus. The term  Calculus  was created by Leibnitz, and Leibnitz alone. Newton would put your face to a blender if you spoke of Calculus. Yes, he came up with the ideas behind Calculus (1). But Leibnitz came to the same methods independently, and while Newton sat on his work and turned to pursue a career in alchemy and theology, Leibnitz did the true work to develop Calculus itself. As of today, there are two schools of Calculus - the one used in Physics (delta this, delta that) and the one used in mathematics (d this, d that). The first one relies more on approximation, the latter on clever formulas. Neither is wrong. But only the latter is, by origin, Calculus. And no matter who coined the term, no one  invented  it. It's not like it didn't exist one moment and suddenly  BOOM!  there it is. It was discovered, not invented. Capiche? Having said that, the  urlLink article  itself is decent material (excluding the aforementioned horror). Just as it happens with about every known important character in human civilization, Newton has been glorified by history books. Newton only had an exceptional intellect, but he also erred and had his superstitious, like every one of us. And it doesn't happen only to important characters. Many times we see news broadcasts proclaiming a rise in gang activity, as if gangs were a 20th (now 21st) century phenomenon. That is untrue - things happen, and they happened a long time ago as well. In the 19th century. In the 17th century. In ancient Rome. In Japan. Everywhere, everytime. What  is  different now is that information travels faster now than it did a mere 30 years ago. People feel overwhelmed by the barrage of news they get, and distances seem to shrink. This last week there was this newspiece about a supermarket fire in Paraguay. Some time ago that news would have taken months to get to the US and Canada, if at all... Now we hear about it on that very same evening. But such things happen now just like they happened in the past. History doesn't wait for us to repeat itself. But those that say that "it was better in the old times" are full of bullshit. At least now you don't have to worry about smallpox and fanatical religious persecution. Err, scratch that last one. The way things are developing in the US, you  do  have to worry about religious persecution.   --   (1) Some Leibnitz enthusiasts claim that Newton was a crook and stole the concept from Leibnitz. Newton's followers claim the contrary. I used to believe the former, but after reading  urlLink  Quicksilver   I ended up giving them both credit. Speaking of which, the third book of the Baroque Circle is out next month. That is something I'll be looking forward to buy.