urlLink Learning to Be Wired      The main idea of this article is that you have to be careful when trying to integrate technology into the schools. Technology should not just be a class that is offered, but it should flow through all curricular areas. It is also something that should not be forced on people as "the only way" to go. Some teachers are not ready for it, and some students are not ready as well.  The Lowell school, in this article, is a prime example of how technology can work for a school. Though Lowell was no typical school... "The school already has a corps of skilled and dedicated teachers, and it provides the supportive environment they need to do their jobs well. It already has small class sizes, perhaps the single most important prerequisite for effective teaching. It already has a beautiful, safe, newly renovated building; an extensive library; and a full range of programs in art, music, dance, drama and physical education." They initially started out as a K-3 school. When they moved to a new building, and had room to add grades 4-6, they needed to create a whole new curriculum that would set these grades apart. With the explosion of technology and a new building they could pre-wire, they thought technology would be an excellent base for the curriculum of these upper grades. With class sizes so small, they could afford to have computers, more importantly laptops, for all of the 4-6 students. They had a great technology coordinator that worked with the teachers to help them implement technology into the classrooms. This is something that all schools should have. A lot of times we have a "technology teacher" in schools that teach the kids, but not the teachers. This leads to defiant attitude towards technology. A good thing that Lowell does to encourage teachers to implement technology is that they offer $400 mini-grants to teachers that complete a course and create a computer-based project that they will actually do.  There are a lot of skeptics mentioned in this article, but I think that the Lowell school proves them all wrong. I agree with the use of technology in schools, and I feel that more money needs to be spent on it. There seems to be a big problem with where money is going, as the article states "One, there's a real displacement of resource distribution between rich and poor schools. And two, there's a push to spend money disproportionately on technology instead of on the other ways of improving school environments. Put these two things together, and you get the argument that okay, if you're going to spend more money on poor schools, let's spend it on technology." And I agree with that. I teach at a school that has a population consisting of 96% of the population on free and reduced lunch. And when I brought in the laptop cart that our school purchased last year, all of my students eyes lit up. Some had never even seen a laptop before. They loved learning and working with the computers.  The article also mentions using the technology at appropriate ages, and appropriately in the classroom. The Lowell school also set a good example at this. When 3rd grade teachers said that they did not want their students using word processing because they needed to learn how to right, the school listened. They didn't introduce computers until 4th grade. When a math teacher had success teaching her class with manipulatives, and didn't want to switch to computers, they were ok with that too. A school has to listen its teachers if it wants to make the integration of technology a success.