Wow wow wow! This has been such and odd day! I seem to have this weird thing going on... honestly i'm beginning to think that it's from the one and only man upstairs if ya know what i'm saying... but yes anywayz... Like i'll be sittin there think 'wow wouldn't be cool if such and such happened?' or i'll be like 'i think such and such is going to happen' and just weird stuff like that........ but then that's not all. It actually happens... at first i thought it was just haha lucky guess or whatever but then it started happening more and more when i was drawing closer to God... but then i started drawing away from him too and as i did it became less frequent to the point where it didn't even happen anymore... but now just recently it's starting to pick up again... i dunno i guess mr man upstairs is tryin to tell me something and gosh darnit i need to listen. This past weekend mom and dad's friends came over (bob lynn gabe{  Another thing is that i was just watchin this Christian concert on channel 141! lol jctv and it's got various artist on it and i just realized how much of a gift music it is and what a beautiful gift it is! Oh it would be hard to live without music... it's like some of it is speaking to you like the writer of the song wrote the song just for you. i wish i could play an instrument or something... i think it would be so awesome. Music is just like so beautiful i know that i already said that but it's so hard to put it into words right now... it's our gift and some people have in my opinion abused it by using it to sing about drugs and sex and crap like that........ anywayz there's my other story!  no one sits with him,he doesn't fit in but we feel like we do when we make fun of him cause you want to belong,do you go along? cause his pain is the price paid for you to belong it's not like you hate him or want him to die but maybe he goes home and thinks suicide or he comes back to school with a gun at his side  and a kindness from you might have saved his life heroes are made when you make a choice   you could be a hero - heroes do what's right you could be a hero - you might save a life you could be a hero - you could join the fight for what's right, for what's right, for what's right  no one talks to her, she feels so alone she's in too much pain to survive on her own the hurt she can't handle overflows to a knife she writes on her arm wants to give up her life each day she goes on is a day that she's brave fighting the lie that giving up is the way each moment of courage her own life she saves when she throws the pills out a hero is made heroes are made when you make a choice  you could be a hero - heroes do what's right you could be a hero - you might save a life you could be a hero - you could join the fight for what's right, for what's right, for what's right  no one talks to him about how he lives he thinks that the choices he makes are just his doesn't know he's a leader with the way he behaves and others will follow the choices he's made  he lives on the edge, he's old enough to decide his brother who wants to be him is just nine he can do what he wants because it's his right the choices he makes change a nine-year-old's life  you could be a hero - heroes do what's right you could be a hero - you might save a life you could be a hero - you could join the fight for what's right, for what's right, for what's right  (rap) little mikey d was the one in class who every day got brutely harassed this went on for years until he decided that ever again would he shed another tear so he walked out the door grabbed a 4.4 out of his father's dresser drawer and said i can't take life no more and like that a life is lost but this ain't even about that all of us just sat back and watched it happen thinking it's not my responsibility  to solve a problem that isn't about me this is our problem this is just one of the daily scenarios in which we chose to cause a riot instead of doing the right thing if we make a choice to be the voice to those who won't speak up for themselves how many lives would be saved changed, rearranged now it's our job to take a shot now don't keep walking by now why didn't you try cause you don't wanna exist and never be seen so let's wake up change the world our time is now  you could be a hero - (our time is now) heroes do what's right you could be a hero - (our time is now) you might save a life you could be a hero - (our time is now) you could join the fight for what's right, for what's right, for what's right