urlLink Applications of Participatory Action Research with Students who Have Disabilities. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Cynthia Warger and Jane Burnette.  From the ERIC Digest:  Participatory action research is an approach in which researchers and stakeholders (those individuals who might benefit from the research findings) collaboratively engage in the various stages of the research process. Participatory action research provides for greater influence of stakeholders in the research process and a higher level of support for the implementation of research findings in practice. This digest offers several examples of how researchers and practitioners are using participatory action research data to select effective practices and support change and innovation. The following sections illustrate applications of participatory action research in related services for young children, inclusion in elementary schools, working with families, and transition to adulthood.    Generating Data-based Strategies in Natural Environments    It is important for related service providers to validate what they do in their daily practice to ensure that their services improve the quality of life for children and their families. Participatory action research can help therapists explore questions about the efficacy of therapy practices within a child's and family's natural environments.   A study in progress at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia pairs therapists with research mentors to conduct individualized research. Occupational and physical therapists implement small-scale research studies with a child and/or family who are part of their caseload. To support the research process, the research mentor provides guidance on formulating research questions, conducting the study, interpreting the results, and preparing a presentation on results.   The therapists volunteer to receive training related to best practices in natural environments, data collection, and other aspects of research investigations. The nature and type of data to be collected depends upon decisions made by each therapist/mentor team. Much of the data and documentation required for this type of participatory action research may already part of the child's individualized family services plan (IFSP).    According to Phillipa Campbell, the study's director, these collaborative research teams work because there is ongoing contact between the mentors and therapists. Mentors need to be present at all stages of the research, and they must feel comfortable sharing their expertise and skills as part of the research process.