Yes, I know, I left you without a new post for a few days. I have had life happening so that's my excuse and I'm sticking to it! Let me add that my cousin CS is visiting for the week also, so include her on all activites.    Monday/Tuesday    A day full of camping fun.  My first time camping since I was in girl scouts...about 15 years ago or so.  It really was fun.  We played in the lake, taught CS how to dive (she'll be 15 next month), built a campfire, put up our brand new  urlLink tent  (kick ass one isn't it??), cooked dinner (hamburgers) and dessert (S'mores oc course).  Shorty had a hell of a time trying to get to sleep.  I spent the longest night of my life trying to sleep and still have the bad back to show for it.  Next trip will require some type of air bed. Surprisingly Shorty didn't awake with the sun as is his custom, he waited until 8:15 when S got up.  This was nice since I was so damned tired. Unfortunately, Shorty seems to have developed some kind of tear duct infection and has nasty goopy eyes. This will complicate life a little later.  Made our breakfast at our campstove (pepper bacon and eggs).  If you have never tried pepper bacon, I highly recommend it. It is my favorite kind of bacon.  We successfully got our tent repacked into the bag it came out of.  We were really proud of that!  And headed off to go climbing.    Tuesday    Climbing in the greenbelt.  A fun task for any normal group of people, but for S who lives for this stuff (just doesn't get to participate a lot anymore) it was bliss.  That would be until the handhold he was using gave way before he was able to clip into the first safety point.  A 10' fall later and back at home, his foot is killing him.  S goes to the hospital to make sure all is well.  He's now on crutches with a broken foot, a referral to a orthopedist, and some time off work.  Lovely.  Tuesday was fun.    Plus! I missed almost all of  urlLink Amazing Race  because shorty was being such a huge pain in the ass (pita for short).  I gotta hand it to Chip for blazing through that caviar like that.  I like some caviar and cream cheese, but jeez that was a freaking lot of caviar.  So now to today   Wednesday    So now here we are. Shorty slept in until 10am which was a slight relief since he was up so much last night.  Unfortunately that means he is too late to go to daycare today, which means he has missed almost this entire week.  Not good since they are in the process of moving him to the next level up room.  I hope that tomorrow goes considerably better since he will also be out Friday.  Hell, at this point I might as well just keep him home completely, but I'm supposed to meet with his teacher to discuss his progress through the year.    Can things get any worse? I know, I know.  Don't ask.