When I was in the fourth grade at Pleasant View Elementary, I had a teacher who must have understood my love for words and imagination.  It was a "PERRRFECCT A!", on "The Giant vacuum Cleaner," I mean REALLY GIANT, that took over our beach city.  Mr. Fletcher, a kindred soul, might have been even slightly amused that all our brave heroine had to do was simply pull the plug. With strength like Wonder Woman, she gave a yank to the cord, ending forever all that mass destruction of mass-sucking and mass-thrashing...  Indeed, everyone was happy in the end.  The sun set peaceably on Bolsa Chica Beach once more...   How I loved and understood the power of literature in the fourth grade!  No, I'm not sure that we read poetry at school then, but I know I was getting it from somewhere... Both my mother and father had an affinity for language, poetry, music, art, dancing! Nonetheless, in the fourth grade, it was my story, and it was a very good story, and it made me happy!   How fiction enchanted my little forth grade life, and fifth grade, and so on and so on... Fiction, make believe, imagined words and power, happy la-la land of fiction; I get it now in present 34 year old College instructor terms--fiction, like what didn't happen to me this week, but "What Should Have Happened:"  K--called me at 7:30 on Wednesday. His words were kind, and deep. He asks about my day, and then we settle on a place for dinner.   We sit in the patio of the restaurant going beyond, lost in Neruda,  lost in VanGogh, lost even in each other. Kisses and touches. Awkward pauses!  I go to his house, and he  hides my beige, hush puppy mules  under his bed...  A long awaited night begins, and when we wake up, he says, "Stay, stay, stay!"  Ah, yes, "What Should Have Happened" is just as ficticious as the Wonder Girl following the cord of the intrepid machine to save her city with a tug! But to the contrary, had the enchanting K story really happened, been de-fictionalized, it should have made me just absolutely happy and content!   But really, I'm not unhappy right now.  I love my life too much for that.  I'm just disappointed and disillusioned and slightly depressed. And literally, I've shared my grand illusion of K here, about what should have been.  Now for the truth to illustrate the grand disparity, the making of disillusionment.  I called him at 7:30, and he did not return my call. After waiting and hour or so, I called once more being that I had to get the info, for the mutual. I had no choice but to call.  We all have deadlines.  He was the usual cold, rude, cantankerous! Out of self preservation I said, "You throw barbs when I speak to you." He didn't say a thing. I said, "I do feel sorry for you."  or something to that effect... I was too tired. He was tired. He gave me the muted data/info, and then partially hung up... "I will talk to you later/good bye" Breathe--I couldn't  BREATHE!!! & then, The mutual talked to him the next day--Thursday... He got nothing out of it, so the mutual called me to try and figure.  The mutual explains, that for some reason, he feels, "I, JumbledChaos, am a threat to K, but K denies it..." I call K to straighten this mess out.  He's unpliable, and yet simultaneously shifting information from the night before. Yes, even paradoxical!  I maintain my professionalism; he jokes and says, "Since we have a special relationship," adding "just kidding..." I say clearly and realistically, "No, not especially, since you hung up on me last night..."  And then I'm feeling it, slightly agitated, so I say, "just leave me a message when you look at what the mutual gives you. I am more than curious since I did work with him on this for several days..." K says, "Ok..." I end the conversation gracefully.    Of course, I don't really expect a message from him.  He doesn't know how to show courtesy; he doesn't know how to care.  Caring would be for the K in the fiction piece. But then again, I didn't answer the phone yesterday, nor check the messages. I just didn't want to talk to anyone or to him; I wanted space, distance, air, silence, dust and sand, wind, anything to fill this gap between us--anything, but his voice, presence, being!       But V called this morning to say, "I just wanted to make sure you were out of bed, and that you hadn't gone and cut your hair, put on black, and sold all your clothes..."   Ah yes, dramatically so, but in that instance, it was EB! I had been made suddenly alive! Love, that fire storm between us, rolled the enormous boulder away, and EB called forth to my depths, and I like a feminine Lazarus, did rise, rise from that frigid, dusty and lonely sepulcher! Really, had any woman, in her right mind, experienced the amazing and beautiful EB for the two years, four months and twenty three days that I did, it would have been blasphemous not to mourn for one's life!   I never knew that Love could be like that--never! I swear I thought I had been reading WAY too much poetry, but then it did happen to me! Both V and H--remind me that it happened. And H--always remembers that he called me, "My chickadee..." How cute is that!!! And when I need a memory boost, H--tells about the time that we went to hear William Jefferson Clinton speak.  How, EB, was just dancing next to me; and how tight we were in the crowd...  I remember feeling EB's long arms, on my arms! Just now, I smell the coffee on his breath, and feel how his skin felt on my skin! Sticky, steamy, sweet.  I am so glad that I have the best two best friends on the entire planet! I'm so glad that they do remember EB, and all his good fruit in my life; because otherwise, I would be thinking that I had imagined it, more fiction, or that it was a grand hallucination, like that guy in the movie, "A Beautiful Mind!" Ok, so at least this way I know that EB, did, really happen to me, and that I'm not as neurotic and crazy as I feel.    And yet still that was so very long ago; I know as Neruda says, "We of that time are no longer the same..."  But looking back to EB always brings me great comfort--solace. I know I will love again, and I know how to love because I loved EB.  And stupid game players like K really mean nothing!  EB is the diamond and K is the foil!  Like in Hamlet where he's comparing his father (the former king) to his uncle (the new king): "This Hyperion to a Satyr." After a week of unwanted drama and evocative fiction, I understand, and feel that comparison today: EB, my great Hyperion, to this pathetic K, just a satyr--indeed!     Jumbled Chaos