Thank you MJ for that great song.  So I now have Gyeh-son to hang out with which is great.  She is definatly a Korean tourist (see previous) entry but she's trying hard (I'm also doing my best to help).  Caleb brings up some good pionts in his blog about Korean tourists but I'm too tired to add anymore social commentary at this point.  Perhaps another time.   It has been a long day of sight seeing and I'm now killing time until the water pupper show which starts at 6:30.  Today was started by the zoo which wasn't really good by any means but fun anyway.  I feel sorry for some of those animals.  While they didn't seem to have it too bad they sure as hell didn't have it so good either.  The heat here is killer so I can only imagine what the poor bears were feeling like.  If that isn't enough Vietnamese are very antagonistic towards there animals.  They are always throwing things, tapping on the cages and making noises.  They did have some really cool active monkeys I must say.  We then went to the fine art museum and the temple of literature.  I think the fine art museum is the best museum I've seen thus far on my trip.  This place actually had stuff worth seeing and displayed in an attractive fashion.  Not too shabby.  We tried to go to the army museum but it seems that its closed on Fridays.  Stuff is so odd here sometimes.   I'm pretty worn out.  I hope I don't fall asleep during the puppet show.   Gyeh-son managed to squash my glasses yesterday so I need to go get a new pair while I'm here.  I hope they don't cost a lot.  Everything else is cheap here so glasses should be too right?  The a/c in my hotel is awesome.  This thing is like on artic blast or something.  How did I ever survive without it?   Thank yous go out to Asma and Caleb for starting to blog again.  This gives me a little more to read during my travels.  Becky you're consistant and that's appreciated.  Mieka and Gabe you guys need to pick it up.  I've pretty much give up on Andrew.  If he hasn't blogged in 2 monthes I doubt he'll stop now.   I had an interesting encounter yesterday.  For whatever reason we decided to stop in and see the national archieves (which is really just a neat way to say library) and managed to meet a Vietnamese girl who was dying to speak English with a foriegner.  I thought I'd pretty much left this behind in Korea, guess not.  She was really cute as she was visably nervous and confessed that she had no clue what to say.  It was funny at just how excited she was to speak English.  I think she said she had to do this for an assignment in class or something.  What was really funny is that despite the fact that she and Gyeh-son both spoke English they couldn't seem to figure out what each other was saying.  I gave her my e-mail so maybe I'll hear from here someday, maybe not.    I love who cheap food is here.