Human Beings are a very complicated animal. They are made of the same thing, but somehow they are all unique in their special way, including you and me. I always wonder how many secrets they have. When I was looking the lecturer talking, he really gave us a feeling that he was a knowledgeable person. But, does he have a lot of secrets? I always think if we manage to know a person's secret, we can get to know that person's world - what he is thinking and what he intends to do? Secrets do link us to their attitude and style. Some people may have the hidden intention of being someone stylish, but he or she doesnt dare to express it. Why is this so? Why do they have to hide? This kind of character, to me, is really making a person contradicting themselves. This is somehow like a sign of complication. Someone ever mentioned, 'One day, If I have millions and millions of secret and I lock in somewhere in my mind, it will be the most interesting and coolest thing that I think I have ever done'. From, here, human love to lock up their 'secrets' or tell someone else, which will be spread to others. To me, secrets are something that cannot be kept forever. So, why not you yourself be the one who express it in a different way? Express what you think in a different way, and through your attitude and the things you do. If I could get to know the secrets of people and read the mind of the people, I would make them into my little projects and create an 'image' for them. Personally, I am interested in 'image design', I think people grow and they are different at different stage of life. Their mind will change and their concepts may never be the same as previous thought. Flexibility is also another factor has to be brought into consideration. Studying human beings is a very interesting thing to do. There are too many people, of different attitude, culture, society and so on. Each of us does have something to say, but we cant listen to everyone of them - just too many of them. From my point of view, I am sorry to bring in the concept of judging a person by appearance, but I do believe the world of fashion plays an important role in expressing a person's thought, belief, or even reflects their culture. Franky speaking, I am the type of person who likes to be straightforward and dont beat around the bush. Personally, I cant really keep a secret of myself, I really have to express it in order to feel less stressed and better. This is due to the fact I know I cant keep my secret.... So, do u think you are one as well?