It has been such an annoying day today. I woke up this morning in pain and knew I couldn't make it into work. I was really annoyed as I desperately feel ready to return now and I'm actually missing my job. I miss my pupils too. Anyhow, I made a doctors appointment and after an hour of waiting he saw me. He phoned the hospital to find out my test results but they hadn't been sent for analysis while I was there (er...what's the point in doing them then?) They now no longer exist so my diagnosis, whilst being likely, of a kidney infection is not definite. My doctor thinks it could also be problems with my spine that is causing me pain, but again he's not sure. It's really reassuring isn't it, when you're in pain and no-one really knows why. What he was fairly sure of was that I had been prescribed with too strong a medication, which, if I did have a kidney infection, would have cleared it up. However, it's also likely that in turn that medication is causing me the pain I'm currently in (think of 2 common conditions women suffer from, then add to that that the doctor said on examination that it's the worse case he's ever seen, and you get the picture.) A side effect of these antibiotics, apparantly. Considering that the doctors at the hospital knew that I have a history of these complaints, you'd think that they would have prescribed me something milder, or at least warn me in advance. So there we have it. Nobody knows for sure what's giving me this pain, the medication has made it worse, there's a lot of guess work going on and nobody's entirely convinced how to make the pain stop (although my Doctor thinks stopping the antibiotics will make a positive difference.) Filling out my sick note is going to be fun! As a diagnosis of Kidney infection was given, my Dr thinks we should work on the assumption that that's what I had; especially as the antibiotics did make a bit of a difference. Personally, I'm not too bothered on knowing the medical name, but I would certainly feel a lot happier if they could tell me the pain will stop. Doesn't the medical profession fill you with confidence? I'm going to lie down now with a couple of painkillers and a hot water bottle, and hopefully the pain will soon subside.