I wanted to blog but the keyboard I'm on is pretty crappy so we'll see how this goes.  Friday and Saturday nights were fun.  Lots of alcohol was consumed.  Friday we hit up BOOM which was badass.  The weather was great and the beer was plenty cold.  We then ended up in Bubble Bar.  Before that Becky, Asma and I had a drink at Bellagio.  It was all good until they went on a 30 long cocktail show.  We told Connan that Megan and Michelle used to like him.  I'm not sure he understood.  He might have just thought I was saying he is handsome.  There was more drinking and some dancing at Bubble Bar then it was a night.  It is good to have someone to split a cab home with now, thank you Becky.   Saturday was good fun.  After work I hit the PC room with some of my students and I beat up on them in Counter Strike.  They tried hard but I kicked their ass.  Seeing as how they're half my age I guess I shouldn't be so proud.  I then went to try and get my hair repaired.  At first it looked like it was going to be a disaster but as it turns out I'm pretty happy with it.  I love how cheap it is to get your haircut here.   Next was downtown.  Man we have to find another place to meet besides The Commune.  It is nice but damn like every night we are there.  We were there a while last night  but when we rounded everyone up we headed to Jazz on Jazz for whatever reason.  Johnny English doesn't talk.  From there we went to Gypsy Rock.  It pretty happening.  I got dumped on my Eilleen and Gumi James.  First Gumi James passed off some girl from South Dakota to me.  He was trying to get away but in a strange twist of fate I think they might have met again, in fact I'm pretty sure they did.  I'll keep my opinion to myself.  Eilleen in an attempt to get away from someone said I was her boyfriend and ranaway.  This turned out to be a Korean soldier who spoke awesome English and talked my ear off.  We went to Bubble Bar after and nothing major was going on there so we hit up New Blue.  At this point it was Asma, Eilleen, myself and someone named Digger.  I wonder if that is his given name.  He actually seemed pretty cool and maybe I'll get a scooter from him.  I don't know where I'll drive but I just want one.  This keyboard ain't too bad I guess.  Been talking on MSN so I'll have to write more later.