Alright, I have cheered up a bit.  J has not forsaken me yet for D, so I am content.  I will deal with J leaving Halifax in at the end of December only when I have to.  That is, mid to late December. (I can't believe he is leaving me... I am so selfish).  We have decided too fast next week.  Actually, starting on Sunday, we will be fasting.  Actually, it is cleanse.  No solid food, laxative tea, and oral sea salt solution that encourages bowel movements.  I know, pleasant.  But a cleanse detoxs your colon, kidney and liver, and increases your metabolism.  There is also some anecdotal evidence that it improves mood by elevating "happy neurotransmitters".  I am looking forward to it.  Yesterday I wallowed in my hatred of Halifax, so I am waiting with baited breathe for the day that waking up in this city does not cause me a slight sharp pain in my heart.   I ruined J's most important accomplishment in life.  He has been waiting for three years for someone to write him a PSST in the coast magazine, and he finally got one this week.  At least he thinks it's for him.  And it is - I know it is.  I told D to do it for him.  But J doesn't know that.  And I stupidly joked that I wrote it - me, the person who sees J check the coast each week for his name in the PSSTs.  Before that, he was basking in the glory of some masked and anonymous white knight who was madly in love with him, admiring from afar.  Now, I have poisoned him with my silly comment, and he is convinced that I wrote it.  Particularly because the content of the message was so similar to the things I tell him all the time... i.e. you are pretty, and brilliant, and hot (apparently, D and I think alike).  So I have taken away J's fantasy.  I am a terrible person.  But I intend to fix it.  And I heard from the ex today.  This is more monumental for me that that sentence might imply.  Chris, who is not from Halifax, so I can use his name (besides, Chris is fairly ubiquitous, right?), emailed me today.  I admit, I was telling J all about my messy broken heart, courteous of Chris, and it occurred to me:  When you date someone for 5 years, from 15 - 20 years of age, not seeing or talking to that person for 4 years is mad.  Particularly when you can honestly say you have yet to meet someone as charming, sincere, attractive, and amazing since then.  That is me.  Apparently, Chris and I feel very similar about each other.  He has a gf, and has no intention of leaving her for me, which is fine - I am a different person, but it was good to know that he thinks I am as excellent as I think he is.  I have never had a bad word to say about Chris, and I never will.  I imagine one day I will be able to be the person I was when I was with him all on my own.  Cross my fingers.