Sitting in China was definitely a bit surreal at times.  I was sitting in a country I never thought I would actually be in with a friend I had met the day before flying out of Chicago.  One night Elizabeth, Mike (lives in the same city in Iwate-Ken as Elizabeth) and I were sitting down at dinner when we suddenly realized just how unbelievable our lives have become in the past 9 and 1/2 months.  I have been in 5 different countries since leaving the U.S. the end of July last year.  Sitting in a restaurant in China, we realized that at that very moment we had friends in Vietnam, Thailand, South Korea, Cambodia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, the Philippines, Papa New Guinea, Australia, South Africa, England, Japan, the US, and I am sure other places I can't think of at the moment.  I guess the JET program consists of a lot of very similar people with the same adventurous mindset, curiosity about the world we live in, and the same passion for traveling as I have undoubtedly developed. The friends I have made here in Japan are all so different with amazing stories and experiences to share.  We all come from different countries, vary in age, and have had different experiences, yet we are all quite comfortable setting out on unknown adventures, leaving the familiar behind, and just trying to live a life in which we constantly are able to do the things we love.  We are all so different yet so similar and perhaps that is why everyday here in Japan there lies an opportunity to discover something new.  I think my problem is that with every trip and experience abroad, I learn of new places I want to see and experience.  In China I met people from Chile, Colombia, Poland, Sweden, Israel, Wales, Australia, and again more places I can't think of at the moment. I find myself quite excited about all of the traveling I have done, but also a bit jealous of others who are traveling around the world for several months and hitting every continent.  I think I am going to have to settle down soon and get a real job if one day I hope to be able to set-off on an around the world journey and not end up broke after the first stop!