Nick Adams, Vampire Slayer     I'm about two-thirds through with  I am Legend  and a question arises:  why is it impossible, or at least, apparently impossible, to write well on fictional subjects like vampires, robots and pirates (with or without large pecs and open shirts)?  Why is genre fiction so poorly written?  Why are its characters so consistently disappointing?    The easy answer here is that genre fiction doesn't need to be well-written; people read it for plot, intellectual and/or physical arousal, and escapism.  That's the standard answer, right?   But I can't be the only person out there who wants to read about emotionally complex vampire-hunters, robots and pirates (bare-chested or not).  And I can't be alone in thinking that such characters are perfectly possible, and that they can live in rich and fully-realized worlds presented to the reader in rich and fully-realized sentences. At the very least, Poe would be with me here.  It's worth noting where genre has been able to transcend its limitations.  Mystery/Crime writers like  urlLink James Ellroy ,  urlLink Walter Moseley , and to a lesser (or different) extent  urlLink Richard Price  and  urlLink Colson   urlLink Whitehead  have all been able to bend and play with the conventions of the genre to novel, compelling and, dare I say, literary ends.   Is the problem, then, perhaps a condition of fantasy, whatever form it takes?  It seems unlikely.  Consider Kafka, or the aforementioned Poe.  Barthelme, Borges, Marquez, and  countless others have lurked on the outside of strict realism and not suffered reputationally; if anything, it’s their signature.   It does seem, however, to be a condition of the written word.  Consider genre in film and television.   urlLink  Buffy the Vampire Slayer     broached a number of interesting thematics, allowed its characters a notable complexity and capacity for change over the show’s seven seasons, and has rightly attracted   urlLink literary-critical   and   urlLink philosophical  attention.  Examples in film abound; if anything, we seem willing as a culture to overestimate on  urlLink  the screen   what we turn our noses at on the page.  And that says something about our cultural relationship to artistic form; what, exactly, I’m not sure.  Perhaps we have low expectations of film and television, forms in which entertainment value, at least in terms of revenue, can be counted on to trump artistic merit.  Or, more worrisome, is the converse; that we have inflated expectations of literature to be good for us more than it entertains us.    It is, of course, a false distinction.  Intellectual engagement can and should be entertainment, and enjoyment is a multidimensional experience not dependent on the lightness of an effort alone.  But perhaps we are incredulous of this idea, falling back on the familiarity of poorly written genre novels because we can count on them for a desired effect.  Like an old roommate once told me, “If you’re going to date an ugly girl, she might as well be easy.”  This was, of course, a base sentiment and it is perhaps not a perfect analog.  But I see it like this:  because genre fiction is poorly written, we read it as an ultimately benign but guilty pleasure.  Because it is a guilty pleasure, we want it to be as guilty and as pleasurable as it can be while still being both.  Like a thirteen year old boy with a nudie mag,   Playboy  has nothing on   Hustler .   Not even the articles.