Another day gone by, without much in the way of interesting things at all. About the most memorable thing of today was being in History and somehow... falling backwards off of my chair :S. I was honestly noy leaning back on it! Swear! :P. Apparently I made a few grasping motions at thin air to try and prevent myself from falling - I think that I did manage to grab sucessfully onto the table but it was only a quarter of a table so that all I did was pull it back with me :$, I managed to gracefully topple over backwards - though gracefully may be my point of view - and land safely sitting on the back of my chair, stareing ahead - whilst the whole room sat around laughing at me ;). I just had to sitting there hugging my chair for a few minutes before moving again - and enjoy the delight of starting to Draft my coursework/essay thing. At least I miss the next lesson on my trip to Oxford on Thursday - so I have an excuse to get it in very late, for some reason, despite the more numberous distractions, I often do better work at home... IT was ok as well - I spend it all finding a way to correctly get my borders to appear on a printout page. In the end I had to adjust their size on Fireworks (I dont know how pixellated they'll turn out :S) and copy them into Freehand and see them properly on an A4 page. The worst bit was trying to save the 5MB file it turned out to be - I had to get rid of last term's minor project (well - put it on email) in order to save it. I just sent it off to Ms. Knight with instructions on how to open it. I'm very picky I suppose.  The problem with it was that the pixels/cm were just being really odd and inconvenient, and without using the peril that is Powerpoint (what the DT department want us to present everything in,) which places big borders around the side... Which is why I opted for Freehand to correctly display the stuff as it is going to be Printed - I'll bear that in mind for future meddling in various computer graphics packages - that (esp. with what's available at school anyway,) Freehand is probably the best package to use that print's it out as displayed. They also have Corel draw and other Corel things - but I haven't had enough time to... experiment with them yet.  Also today I got an invite to join about 40 other people from our year to go to the Industrial Museum for some engineering thing - I suppose I'll write more about it tomorrow. The best thing about it is that it means I get to miss English! I don't have to do my Speaking and Listening assessment! Thank god... I now have until Friday to do it :p.  I've started using some of my gmail account as well, it now has 0.5% of its storage space consumed after I attached that Freehand file through it.  I'm looking at the Jaffa Cake cake bar in front of me and wondering when to eat it... mmm... so tempting. I'll eat it later in Bed I suppose...  Me and Sabrina (I started it whilst having NOTHING to do in Maths) have spent most of the day since telling everyone Notlob. Which interestingly enough, isn't a palindrome. Nor is Nathan, or Sabrina, however close one of them may be (not Nathan... ;)). However, if I were to say "Satan, oscillate my metallic sonatas." then that would very much be a palandromic request :). We didn't have anything to do until the very END of the lesson when Ms. Kaur gave us a London A level Pure maths module 1 book, dated 1994. Which I find very strange considering that we are doing OCR in the year or 2004.... Ahh well... I need to ask Ms. King for the  correct  book sometime. I hope that we get it, rather than unnecessarily study stuff.  Book of the moment: Star Wars NJO: Rebel Dream