I have never actually written my thoughts for all to see, but am bored right now and figure this will take up some of my million minutes of free time, and possibly entertain someone just as bored as me!  ;)  I live in Japan and have been here for just over 2 1/2yrs...3yrs come November...just moved to a new job, but have really had a hard time adjusting to the new move and starting all over again.  PLUS the fact that I live in one of the WARMEST SPOTS in Japan doesn't help.  I don't deal well with heat and if I could I would have 3-4 showers a day.  I like COLD.  I am from Canada and I love the snow and cold...not the -40C to -50C that we get but the -20C I can handle with no problem! It's the +20C and over that kills me especially with the humidity...it was +32C at 9:20AM.  This is not human! I don't understand how people can actually live here and STAY knowing that this weather is coming! AND worst of all, I don't have a proper air conditioner and have not set up the one I have because I didn't know how until this past Tuesday.  First thing tomorrow morning, I will be setting it up and hopefully I can have a decent sleep for the first time in a month!!  I don't like my job.  I'm not really sure why, but it could be due to the fact that I had to spend what savings I had to move and set up here.  I just found out that I will have to pay another 40,000yen, on top of everything else I have had to pay...I do however, get 30,000yen of it back when I leave(which reminds me, I have to find my contract to see if this extra 40,000yen is actually stated) but for right now, that is alot of money especially when I now have don't really have any savings!  Most of the kids I teach are alright and I do enjoy some of my days, but there are alot of days that I just want to stay home and not go to one school or another...and I can't call in sick, cause I just have to do that class again another time.  This job sounded great(and I am sure most do before you actually get there) when I was looking for a new job, but honestly, it's not what I thought it would be and has really made me consider a few different options.  One is leave this job now and go elsewhere, but I can't because I don't have enough money to.  Two is to stay until my contract finishes which is in April and move to a cooler part of Japan or just a cooler country altogether!  Three is to stay until after next summer and get my 4 weeks(possibly 3) paid holidays and then leave.  I really don't know what to do, but am hoping this trip home to Canada in 22 days will help me decide what to do.