Krakow features a rather...tragic collection of "human statues" this summer. A couple of years ago, there was just the one guy parked in front of the cathedral in his bizarre statue of liberty drag; now you can't walk twenty yards without passing a new "statue." The economic situation for younger people is dire, and I guess it looked like easy money.   But at least the original would, you know, hold a pose and everything. I guess there was some kind of quasi-mime(ish) performance there. A lot of these new statues don't even hold still; they just put on a cheesy costume and sort of stand around behind a change cup. "Shrouded Beggar" is a popular theme, but I did see one guy wearing the "Scream" mask with his tatters. It's kind of depressing--brings out the sardonic cynic in me.   There is this one amazing accordion player (there's a phrase I've never used before) that's been appearing lately. Just a humble-looking guy with a repertoire of easily recognizable classical pieces. He never puts on a show or anything, just sits hunched over this giant black accordion avoiding all eye-contact, but he always draws an amazed crowd. It is something to hear "Toccata and Fugue in d minor" played PERFECTLY on an accordion. And I mean the whole damn thing, all the parts, note-perfect in perfect time, and full of virtuoso energy. He also wows his fans with the "Winter" section of "The Four Seasons." You haven't lived until you've heard Vivaldi on an accordion. I didn't even realize you could squeeze those sounds out of an accordion.  It kind of bums me out in a way...I mean here's this guy demonstrating just amazing art and skill and talent, keeping the good, important parts of us alive through what must have been years and years of diligent practice, and he's got to do it behind a change cup. I wouldn't mind seeing all the middle-managers behind change cups instead. Ah well...I guess it's always been like that. I'm just thankful for people like him, keeping civilization going, because. (He's just the opposite of some of my former students who just wanted a "good job with a good salary." Well, what kind of job? "One that pays well." But what is it that you want to DO? "Make money.")    And of course, I walked past one of his usual spots today. He wasn't there, but there were two new accordion guys, playing easily recognizable classical pieces, and it just sounded like Beethoven having an asthma attack. Poseurs faking it for the tourists. I had to go look for the original statue to cheer myself up.