Haven't ever blogged about -ahem- professional matters before but I was chatting with a couple of people about the proposal to (among other things) teach  urlLink Atheism in RE  last night and thought I'd put down some thoughts.  Personally I think its quite a good step for three reasons.  1.  I believe that education in the Humanities (including RE) is about widening pupils horizons,  allowing them to consider this amazing world and to draw out and consider differences and similarities between themselves and other people.  Therefore I welcome any widening that allows pupils to consider other view points.  2.  It seems to imply that Athieism and Humanism are Faith/Belief based worldviews like any other religion.  Doesn't this open up new avenues of conversation between "religion" and "humanism?"  3.  My Faith informed perspective has led me to have serious questions about the role of RE, and in particular the teaching of Christ, in Schools.  Schools remain places of Control.  The intention is that pupils are turned into good, hardworking, responsible and skillfull adults.  To achieve this I shout, I threaten pupils with sanctions if they do not listen.  I have to stop some forms of self-expression.  And then I try to tell them about a man who lived and died to preach love.   There seems to be an irony here.   I think we (Christians) have taken the teaching of religion in Schools for granted for too long.  I do not subscribe to the belief that Christianity has any moral right to be taught as the main religion in Schools.  That seems to me to be a hang-over from a time when Church and State were more closely merged.  That time is (happily) coming to an end.  It is The Church's job to teach Christ, it is not Schools.  Schools have a very different job and these proposals seem to reflect that. I am not saying there should not be RE.  I actually love teaching (and finding out about) world religions and discussing them with my pupils and of course the heritage and religious traditions of Christianity have as much right to be taught as any others.  But "my" Jesus lived on the fringes of acceptable society and was crucified because the political and religious authorities of the time were too challenge.  Can he be taught well in Schools by establishment figures like teachers?