So I am cleansing my colon this week.  J and I are doing the master cleanse, the accelerated version.  So we are drinking plenty of the special lemonade concoction that is a legitimate part of the cleanse, plus laxative tea at night and a sea salt flush in the mornings.  Needless to say, our bowels are working overtime.  The juice that you get to drink with the cleanse is actually really effective at suppressing the appetite, but it can't stop you thinking about food.  And I have been thinking about all the food that I want to eat for a week.  I have been "cleansing" for 1 day.  This is not going well.  And J and D are doing as good as ever.  I am so fucked.  It really pisses me off, and makes me anxious, and I feel really awful about it all the time.  When we are hanging out together, I know that J is just thinking about if he has spent enough time with me, and when it is he can see D again.  We were watching movies on Saturday, and suggested we invite D over.  Yeah! Can we?  Then we had plans to go to the mall on Sunday, and again, suggests D comes along.  J: "D said he can give us a ride.  He isn't doing anything today." M: "Do you want him to come?" J: "Only if you do."  (Are you mad?  Why would I want to spend time with *your* new bf?  Are you mental?)  M: "I am not dying to spend time with D. But if you want him to come..." J: "-no!  That's fine."  And now I am the bad guy.  Thank you very much.  That was fun.  Whatever.   My situation would be helped out alot if I just had a bf.  At this point, I need a bf.  Just a quick fix for the short term, so that I can fixate on something else for a minute or two.  Christ!  I need to focus for a minute.  Perhaps I just need something to eat.  Ha!  My entry for the coast PSST: "Since I have arrived, I have met only humility and loneliness.  I thought Halifax had some excellent people, but I am lost.  Where have all the good people gone?  I know you are out there... but where are you?"    Do you think I will get any reply?  Me neither.