Nothing fantastic happened today. Just felt abit down cos i still cannot get my kayaking skills rite. Tomolo going down to PC to practise before going to OC for my camp briefing.   Just yesterday, some negative thoughts came thru my mind suddenly when i am watching TV. I have one very very big fear. Fear of death!!! Kia Si. Suddenly i just felt this fear again. I kept thinking tat i will vanish on this earth when i die...will be nothing...cannot feel anything , hear anything or even say anything...the feeling of emptiness....VANISH!!!! I dont like this feeling....and our lifespan is so short!! I am not going to waste my time any longer. I want to live a fufilling life!!! Scary siah!!!  Was talking to Janne today about doing some volunteering work and suddenly i found some things that i can be good at imparting liao. I may not be as good at academic subjects as compared to my friends to be able to teach others when we are volunteering but i found where i stand liao. I have a skill. Experiential Learning Cycle thru Games to impart many different skill and attributes such as teambuilding and leadership skills!!! I have been using this tool in my camps and i am considered a so called "professional" liao. I can use this skill to help people too since it is so expensive for the underprivilleged to go for such courses. I have alot of confidence in this tool and think that many people can benefit from it.   I have been wondering/reproaching myself if i had been a chao slacker during the Project Sangkhim Expedition cos i have been delegating alot of things to the members to do. Now, i dont think i am a chao slacker (i dont think i am then too...heehee) . Reason is simple. My job there is to ensure safety and smooth flow of the project. A leader is not a superman....he has to know where his limits and skills are and work within it. Delegation can put the more suitable person into the job and free the leader's hand with things that will and might require his personal attention. One case that had kept me wondering about is the allocation of "chefs" for our daily meals in cambodia. I was one of the few that did not do any cooking. I dont want to limit myself to the cooking duties for one reason. I dont know when i need to suddenly be bothered with some emergency incidents thru out the project. If i am the cook of the day and suay suay emergency fall on that day, i would need to put down the cooking duty and attend to the emergency....this will result in the meals not being ready on time....as a hungry team is an angry team, this is one area i dont dare to play around with. As of the decision, it has been proven once (lucky oni once)  over lunch that i have to skip three quaters of my lunch to settle some "money problems" with the locals. I owe the team one for this and hopefully next time i can return them this favor....by the way ....they cook very very well !!! yummy yummy   If you have sincerely followed my blog, you would have noticed that Project Sangkhim has been popping out here and there. Although it has been almost 6 months since the project ended but still it is still there in my heart.   :) Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know