So I'm substituting today at a local elementary school in this third grade class, and I'm having the best day of my short career, as these kids are behaving fantastically, and we're not having any behavior problems.  Here I am, teaching the kids, and they're soaking up everything that we do together.  It's literally perfect for me and for them, and four different students come up to me at different points of the day with cards for me or simply to tell me that I'm the best sub that they ever had.  I don't go into classrooms trying to be the best friend a student has ever had (that's what pedophiles or bad teachers do), but I'm confident that I present a likable and friendly persona that will come down on people who choose to make bad decisions.  Anyways, I heard in the news today that a few teachers in six different states across America are on some sort of leave of absence from their respective school districts after showing the full video of the Nicholas Berg's beheading to their own students.  This is the controversial video that almost every television station across the country refused to air due to its grusome content.  A man pleads for mercy as he his freaking head is cut off!  Now, it's my guess that the teachers that showed this video (made available by internet sites) must have shown this to high school students.  It's also my guess that these teachers wanted their students to think for themselves when it comes to why we are fighting the war in Iraq.  What I'm struggling with is why these teachers thought it was okay to expose these kids to this.  I've never seen a real beheading, nor have I seen somebody murdered in real life or on television (movie violence doesn't count).  I served on a jury in a murder case two Summers ago, and that was when I saw pictures of my first murder victim, as well as my first autopsy photos.  Why would a teacher want to share something so horrible with their students?  Talking about the incident would have served the same purpose, wouldn't it?  Kids would have started a dialogue on violence in the middle east and our role in this war.  What's the point of the video?  It's at times like this that I'm glad that I don't feel the need to overlap my personal beliefs with my job as an educator.  Whether I believe in this war or not, it's my job to present a balanced objective when talking about war with children.  Their will always be pros and cons to it, as there is with everything else in this universe.     However, part of me wishes that several of these teachers lost their jobs here in Rochester, so that I could apply for their jobs.  Just because I can remain objective doesn't mean that I will pass up on an opportunity to climb the ladder!