Ok, this is just too weird for me to believe its a coincidence. These last few nights (including last night), I've kept having dreams about Courtney. When I went to see  The Manchurian Candidate  at the Cineplex, I saw her. I don't know if she noticed me, although I suspect Britney Brown did. I think she did, and merely chose to ignore me. I  do  stand out in a crowd, what with the height and the hair. God is not happy with me, to toy with me so.  The odd thing is, when I saw her, my stomach began doing somersalts. This is bloody proof that I'm not over her. Fate is playing games with me. God, but do I ever hate Fate. This afternoon, I was pondering whether I was over her: now I know. I'm not.  Know what's really horrible? The entire time, I  knew  I was going to see her there. I kept thinking, "What if I see Courtney?" I had no information, and it wasn't something I expected, but it happened. Now I'm  really  freaked out.  I  should  hate her. But I can't. In fact, I still think I'm in love with her, against everything that  should  be happening. I want to hate her... but I also want to love her. I want to take back everything that happened. I want to change it all.  Why, oh why, is this girl playing on my heartstrings like a fuckin' banjo? Why did I have to fall in love with the Goddamned, shallow, beautiful, ignorant, two-faced tease that I did? The sight of her... it's the first time I've seen her since that bloody incident in June, and it was like smacking me across the face. It was like electricity shocking me through and through.  I really need to start talking to Britney Brown about all this. I'm getting... weirded out. I need to deal with this head on. Prayer might not hurt, either. God helped me last time this shit rose up, and perhaps He will help me again. All I can do is hope, ponder, and try to seek out that elusive grain of truth. Although talking to Britney will help me enormously - I'll get Taylor to contact her. Speaking of which, I'll have to talk to him  extensively  about this. God, but is this ever frustrating. It's like June 24th, 25th, and 26th all goddamn over again.  As long as I live, I will never forget the moment that I first experienced heartbreak. I will never forget that moment when she stood there, looked me in the eyes with those cold, uncaring glassy eyes, and said, "Frank, I don't want to talk about it, if it's going to make me upset," and then walked away without a glance backwards. It continued after, but like a chicken with it's head cut off. The 26th, and what she said to me over the rather impersonal interface of MSN, cinched the deal. I thought it was gone.  It's not.