The year is 2036. While sitting in my desk at the Senate and waiting for the session to begin, I received a video mail from Dr. Adora Capili, the principal of Christian Values School, my beloved alma mater for twelve years. She told me about the celebration of the golden anniversary of the school, and I was surprised when she told me that I will be the special guest for the occasion, and I will be awarded for my contribution to the school. Surprised, I immediately notified the Senate President, and sent his word through video, together with the Chief Executive's message.   February 8... the big night. Dressed in my favorite suit (take note: this was a black-tie affair), I went to my beloved alma mater, and behold, my old friends were there. Every single person from every batch the school produced were there, including my old friends. The ladies embraced me, and the gentlemen shook my hands. Anyone can see the joy in their faces, the joy that a person can experience when he meets a friend who he last met years ago. I even met some of the former teachers (the living ones, of course), and they were happy when I met them. After exchanging stories of success, the program commenced, and Dr. Capili announced my presence and called me to the stage. She expressed the school's gratitude to me for the great contribution I made with my classmates back in De La Salle University in Manila.    After the celebration, and as the crowd went home, Dr. Capili and I walked around the campus. I noticed that the school bought extra land for its expansion program. New buildings were constructed, and the older buildings where I used to hang out were expanded to accomodate more rooms and facilities. She even took me into a classroom on the 5th floor of the Damascus building (this was where I spent my pre-school and grade 3 days).    An infrared scanning machine analyzed Dr. Capili's hand for identity. After approving access, she placed me inside the machine to store my identity in the school's database (body scanning was only intended for identity storage; any part of the body can be scanned to gain access, even your hair ). After setting my identity, the scanner talked to me in Filipino: "Senador Montano, kayo pala po! Kami po ay nagagalak sa inyong pagbabalik sa Christian Values School!!! (Senator Montano, I can't believe it's really you! We're very happy to have you back here in Christian Values School!!!)" After hearing that, I can't help but blush and go in tears, seeing that our invention can speak our own language.    The plain white room is basically the background for what was in store for that room. The concept was taken from the virtual reality rooms designed during my younger years and those blue screens and green screens used in TV studios. Hidden from plain sight in the ceiling, floor, walls and corners of the room are button panels and other contraptions, which I will discuss during my succeeding posts.