MY NOTEBOOK KANA VIRUS!!!!!!!!  that's y there is no blog for 2 days. Even now as i am logging in my blog, my notebook is still in the service centre. I am now in NUS YIH com CBLC nuah as i await my notebook to be ready.  I've sent out numerous temp jobs applications today. Got frontdesk, got data entry, got temp job in donno where and also downloaded a contact for some job in Aloha Resort. Tomolo going for the interview with the fruit juicer but before that maybe i shd try aloha first cos it is nearer and it seemed that work at resorts might be interesting too. hmm....dilemma....  by the way how abt some backdating log?? Okie?? okie!!!  Sat:  Today , my notebook kana virus. Tried reformatting, still cannot clear the virus. Guessed had to go without comp for 2 days till monday liao. How am i going to live without my notebook!!!!!!!!!!1 I actually planned to go JB for some seafood and shopping today. But when i woke up, i saw something that spoilt my plan. An SAF letter on my noticeboard that says: " Dear 3SG (NS) CHoo, Pls be informed that you are undermobilisation manning for this period......." Guess wat?? this week is mob manning for me !!!!! SHitz!!!!!!!! plan gone liao.  No choice....once again became another nuah day. Actually not that nuah lah. although my thighs were quite stiff after 2 days of workout, i did some upper body workout with the 2 dumb bells i found in my room.   Sunday: Once again another nuah day. Used to have my notebook accompanying me on a boring weekend. I feel so lost without it. Slept the whole day except for the sudden burst of rashness, again, to go swimming. Went to Tampines Swimming Complex for a swim and noticed that i did not bring a towel with me. Damnz....got to but one for $4.90.....very waste money siah.  I am not going to public pools on weekends again liao..There are simply too many ppl.....especially the learner swimmers a.k.a little kids there. No fun swimming. I am not a fast swimmer but i had to stop every few strokes just becos there are too many people in the pool. Next time i am going to appreciate the NUS pool liao....Watching the kids learn swimming reminds me of the younger days where i used to be one of the learner swimmer in Bedok Swimming Complex...those were the days.   thats about is for the weekend.  Signing off  Cheers, Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know