The last two nights have been the craziest. Sobrang bilis ng mga pangyayari di ko na alam; di ko na siguro alam kung nasasaan na ako. I feel as if I was swept by the hurricane of events.  I have been going out with a female colleague of mine for some few weeks now. We've been eating out, watching movies together, taking walks, bumming for hours, and yes Unitmates, we've also been going to masses together.Ü  Medyo reserved ang relationship and treatment namin towards each other. Nothing sweet. Fun and tripping friends lang ang usual treatment namin sa isa't-isa. She'd text, I'd text, we'd have fun, trippings lang. And I was ok with that.  But in the last two nights, nagbago ang relationship namin. Maihahambing ko sya sa isang pumutok na bote ng Coke, na matagal nang iniyuyugyog. Everything seemed to change in the last two nights. And we've been doing stupid and crazy things because of that. Hehe, naki-extra pa nga ang ilang mga baranggay tanod eh...  Ewan ko ba kung sino nagpasimulang bumago. I would say that she started it, but of course I cannot say na wala akong sala dahil I'm positive that though not meant, I sent signals which leaned towards that direction. It's the third day since this all began and I still don't know where to place myself.  Di ko nga alam kung ano ang iisipin ko sa sarili ko eh. Am I just a really friendly person na under sa mga babae kaya madalas nagagamit? Or am I just an insensitive guy who uses people for my own satisfaction?  I'm starting to doubt myself and my principles.    NOTE: Just to answer a comment that was posted by an annonymous person, I'd like to clarify that despite what you think, I do not post pictures of women close to me to serve as 'trophies'. I post them because this blog is one of the few venues where I will open myself and admit to the people who have touched my life and have made a difference in it. And I just hope that when/if they see this blog, they would realize that they have made a difference in the life of my person.