this is my 69th post yay so today was fun!! you know anytime Teri and i get together something bad happens to those around us...  Teri and i went to the mall to meet Tiffany and she wasn't too happy to see us.. cuz we were late and she left. Teri and i wandered around for awhile. they dont have my baby stewie bag at hot topic anymore!! i was sooo gonna buy it today.. Damn you all.. i was so sad... i'm still sad... anyway... we went to Dillards and Foley's and found a whole table of stuff.. we weren't sure if it was decoration or not.. but in Teri's words "there's no price tag!" so in her purse it went lol... which reminds me i need to talk to Phil about what he wants for his bday... i just like to shop lol.  after that we headed over to Cheddars. i got my mudslide finally so i was happy lol. omg we ate so much.. lol..  we headed over to Fun House.. we asked the guy for one of those token coupons and he said something about a different coupon and i had no idea what he was talking about i've never had to give them one before, but the last time i was with Phil so just joking around i was like "Aww if Phil were here you'd let me" and he laughed and so i went over to the token machine Teri on the other hand kept pestering the guy (and every other guy that she came across whether he worked there or not...) and he got a little pissed off lol.. so i finally dragged her away. anyway! our first stop was DDR... OMG that was hilarious.. lol.. we couldn't figure out how to get it on easy or something slow.. so we just picked one.. it was awful lol.. all these ppl were watchign and laughing at us.. including the guys at the counter... it was great.. there are some new games that weren't there last time, Rythem Nation and some other game over by the PacMan game. so the guy Teri pissed off came up behind us and was like "ya know your tokens will go a lot farther if you play games you know how to play.. i saw you play DDR and Rythem Nation and..no.." and then he walked off lol.. we both turned soooo red and just laughed.. i felt so stupid. what else is new? lol..