I can hardly believe it!  Only 2 more days left of school!  With the kids, that is...  It feels kind of bitter sweet.  On one hand, I think I'm more ready for school to end than they are (if that's even possible).  On the other hand, there are some kids that I just want to fail so that I can have them again.  I think it will be the neatest feeling... years down the road... to see my 'kids' (of course, they are always 'my kids') when they are older and in high school or even after that.  I wonder what they will become?    I feel like these last few weeks have just been so crazy.  Every night- it seems- I crawl into bed exhausted.  I guess it's because the end of the year gets so crazy.  We had testing- that was crazy in itself and I won't get into it here because I could go on for days....  Last week, I had several really late school nights- sometimes not getting home until 8:30 or 9pm.  That's late when you go in at 7am!  To think- When I first started, I used to stay at school all the time!  If I left before 7pm it was a miracle.  In fact, if I left before 7pm, then I'd come back and stay until 9pm or 10pm.  I wish I could have felt more 'together' with the amount of time I put in.  I guess that's the only way to get better with teaching- put in the time ;-) lol......    This is such a great career- I mean- I think it's THE BEST career.  Every year I get to feel like such a kid with new supplies and a fresh start.  Every year you get to start over with a clean slate feeling better and a little more prepared than the year before.   Other stuff.... I feel like my mind is swimming, but I have to get to bed!- and I STILL have to do my report cards.  hmm...... maybe I'll do those during my special class tomorrow- but could I get them all done by then?  Tonight was busy- I was home for about an hour, then went to workout-- whoohooo!  I decided that if I workout for   more   than an hour, then I get 2 stickers on my calendar!  I didn't even get to really finish what I was supposed to do in 1 1/2 hrs!  And I was really 'hoofing' (lol... I don't know how in the world to spell what I'm trying to say) it!  I mean- I still did a good job with my exercises and cardio, but I didn't even finish the last sets for 2 groups of exercises!  I think I'm going to have to split them up when I go each time.  Then I went to bible study, which was fun.  I feel like church and exercising can be similar things.  Even though I hate to admit it- there are times when I really have a lot to do and I feel like I should be doing those things rather than go to church.  Just like I can look for an excuse to skip working out.  BUT-- there has NEVER been a time for either activity where I've gone and I've walked out thinking "hmm... Yeah- I should have done my errands or just slept in."  lol...   Well, so much for this being a short little post!  I guess- even though I don't post too terribly often, this has become quite the little outlet :)  gotta scoot.