"So for example, back before CSL, in those old things called high schools, mostly they needed people to move paper around and kiss each other's butts, so they taught some kids to make blah-blah noises like administrators.  They also needed kids who were going to do actual work, but they had too many of those, so they kept the rest of the kids locked up to keep them off the labor market.  They taught the first group to make vague noises about any topic that came up, just like the noises in the media, and that was what knowledge was; and they taught the ones they were warehousing that learning anything was for snots.  And they got just what they needed, a bottom group that never learned anything (because they had been taught that they didn't want to), and a top group that never learned anything (because they thought the blah-blah noises were all there was to know). It even reinforced, because the tops thought the bottoms because the bottoms didn't make blah-blah noises, and the bottoms thought they didn't like learning because they didn't like blah-blah noises.  It worked just fine for pretty nearly everyone."  "And  that's  what were going back to?"...  "Naw, it was just an example of the way every society always makes the kids that it needs.  Up until about 2000, they just didn't need anybody very smart or capable--what they needed was people to buy stuff and follow rules."   Sort of an attractive theory in some ways as it excuses the general dissipation that is creeping over our society as the demand of our culture.  I think it breaks down though when one applies it to other examples of youth in the world. For example, 10-14 year old boys and girls "schooled" as soldiers and carrying guns and used as slaves by strong-men in Africa; it's hard to imagine any society needing children schooled in such a way.    It's better, I think, to picture societies as chaotic systems.  Stable societies find metastable states that are sustainable over the short-term.  Most societies never achieve a metastable state and die of a sort of "heat death" before ever getting started. Furthermore, stable societies can achieve unstable states when they veer off in directions where there is no feedback to prevent the loss of stability.    In the example above of central African nations that are overcome with revolutions and counter-revolutions, or the Dark Ages in Europe, or the period of the warlords in China in the last days of the emperor, or any extended period of chaos when a stable societies never take root.  In these "societies" the actions of individuals never resolve themselves into any apparent organization.  The closest symbolic approximation I can think of this kind of society is water vapor in a cloud.  Organization tends to be extremely localized unless some pressure is applied to the system from the outside, or some fundamental change occurs in the way particles react with one another on the inside.  In our own society, we are drifting away from an ethic of accomplishing and towards an ethic of acquiring.  The reason for this is that our economy has become so complex that it is impossible for most people to trace how their job (their function in society) contributes to their own survival or the advancement of society as a whole.  So instead of measuring success with accomplishment, which is harder and harder to perceive as things get more complex, we use tokens to measure success.  In short we need to acquire things to demonstrate productivity.  And since accomplishment becomes something of an after-thought, the traits that are associated with accomplishment become less important.  Instead people seek skill sets that allow them to match their possessions to those of others in their peer group.