Okay, promotion was kinda boring. (From my view at least.)   I played in the band. We played 4 songs and then the 8th graders had to leave. We put away our intruments and went to the line that we had to get in to go on stage and get our names called. I saw DJ and went straight to him. We were messing around at the back of the line and my friends were too. We were having fun just waiting there. The band started playing the Processional and we started to walk on stage 2 by 2. 1 person on each side of the stage. When we had gone down the front steps we took our seats. I sat with 1 of my best friends on one side of the seating area while DJ sat with my other friend. Me and Bri sat behind Joey V. We messed with him the whole time! He wasn't getting all mad at us like he usually would either. He let us. We took apart his pen. We put it in about 7 different pieces. After all that was over Bri went off to see her Nana. I went to find Majpluam and we took a photo together. I still haven't seen the picture but I want a copy of it. (Hear the MJ?) After MJ left I went to find DJ. I ran into my mom and grandma first, then DJ showed up. My gramma took 2 pictures of us. Then of my other friends. Then we left.   After I went home I went back to the school. I had forgotten my folder. (The one for band.) I knew Aleksis had it but I needed to find it. My dad took me back and I went ALL over both of the schools. The high school and the middle school. Finally, I was walking with my music teacher and I saw Lexi! We ran to each other and hugged. She took me to the band room and gave me the folder. After that I went down to the middle school office and I went to see Ms. Figgy. (That's what I called her.) I had been in the B&G Club and she said she would give me a list of the activities that I had done so I could get volunteer work points on my college/work application(s). She told me that she owould mail it to me, because she didn't like the way that they had turned out. Then I went home for good. (Sort of.)   When I got home I left to go to Chilis with Bri. We spent an hour or 2 there. DJ kept calling me while i was eating.   Then at 4 I met up with DJ at the UA theater. We went to see The Day After Tomorrow. It was really good. DJ wanted me to be scared so that I would be clinging onto him during the movie. But I wasn't so I didn't. Sucks for him.   Then I officially went home and stayed there.   Lysie