Transformed by Trouble  For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs glory that far outweighs them all. 2 Corinthians 4:17  It is the fire of suffering that brings forth the gold of godliness. Madame Guyana  God has a purpose behind every problem. He uses circumstances to develop outer character. Jesus warned us that we would have problems in this world. No one is immune to pain or insulated from suffering, and no one gets to skate through life problem-free. Peter says, "don't be bewildered or surprised when you go through the fiery trials ahead, for this is no strange, unusual thing that is going to happen to you." God uses problems to draw you closer to himself. The Bible says, "The Lord is close to the brokenhearted, he rescues those who are crushed in spirit." Your most profound and intimate experiences of worship will likely be in your darkest days, when your heart is broken, when you feel abandoned, when you're out of options, when the pain is great- and you turn to God alone. It is during suffering that we learn to pray our most authentic, heartfelt, honest-to-God prayers. When we're in pain, we don't have the energy for superficial prayers. Problems force us to look to God and depend on him instead of ourselves. Regardless of the cause, none of your problems could happen without God's permission. Everything that happens to a child of God is Father-Filtered, and he intends to use it for good even when Satan and others mean it for bad. God is sovereignly in control, accidents are just incidents in God's good plan for you. Because every day of your life was written on God's calendar before you were born, everything that happens to you has a spiritual significance.   We know that God causes everything to work together for the good of those who love God and are called according to  his purpose for them. For God knew his people in advance, and he chose them to become like his Son. Romans 8:28-29  We are like jewels, shaped with the hammer and chisel of adversity. If a jeweler's hammer isn't strong enough to chip off our rough edges, God will use a sledgehammer. If we're really stubborn, he uses a jackhammer. He will use whatever it takes. Every problem is a character-building opportunity, and the more difficult it is, the greater the potential or building spiritual muscle and moral fiber.  "We know that these troubles produce patience. And patience produces character." What happens outwardly in your life is not as important as what happens inside you. Your circumstances are temporary, but your character will last forever.  Problems don't automatically produce what God intends. Many people become bitter, rather than better, and never grow up. You have to respond the way Jesus would. Remember that God's plan is good. God knows what is best for you and has your best interests at heart. The secret of endurance is to remember that your pain is temporary but your reward eternal. Rejoice and give thanks. God doesn't expect you to be thankful for evil, for sin, for suffering, or for their painful conscquences in the world. Instead, God wants you to thank him that he will use your problems to fulfill his purposes. No matter what's happening, you can rejoice in God's joy at that time, because you have a great reward waiting for you in heaven. We can also rejoice in knowing that God is going through the pain with us. We don't serve a distant and detached God who spouts encouraging cliches safely from the sideline. Instead, he enters into our suffering.  Refuse to give up. Be patient and persistent. Let the process go on until your endurance is fully developed, and you will find that you have become men of mature character.. With no weak spots. Character building is a slow process. Whenever we try to avoid or escape the difficulties in life, we short circuit the process, delay our growth, and actually end up with a worse kind of pain, the worthless type that accompanies denial and avoidance. You know you are maturing when you begin to see the hand of God in the random, baffling, and seemingly pointless circumstances of life. You need to stick it out, staying with God's plan so you'll be there for the promised completion. Don't give up-grow up! Purpose Driven Life