Back in San Diego after four days in Las Vegas with Wendy, Shelby, and Esen.  When you go on a trip with kids (that including teenagers), it is not so much a vacation as a field trip.  They still need to be organized, fed, and entertained round the clock.   At this point I am regretting that I agreed to take a foreign exchange student for five weeks.  Not because she is annoying, but because of every other crisis that is zapping me emotionally right now.     While in Vegas I managed to go off on my own several hours to visit Rick's mother and step-father.  Thank God they were home.  I knocked on the door and Bob opened it and didn't quite recognize me.  I said, "Bob, it's Lisa.  Is Eve here?"  So he took me back to the kitchen, and I saw Eve, and started crying, and she saw my face and realized I knew about Rick, so she started crying, and we just hugged and hugged each other.  We finally sat down and she began the long horrible story of what happened to Rick.     As I guessed, Rick's problem began right after Mother's Day, about May 13.  (My last email from him was May 10)  He was feeling terrible pain in his lower back, so his wife took him to the emergency room.  He had a slipped disc, or herniated disc, something like that.  They put a pain patch on his lower back and sent him home with his wife, apparently not telling her about the pain patch.  Now, this pain patch never should have been used.  This was something that was only used on cancer patients and others who had grown immune to every other pain killer.  Not only that, but it was the maximum strength.  The lowest dose was 25.  They gave him 100.     At home, he slept the next 36 hours, and his wife was only able to wake him for very brief periods.  She finally called the paramedics.  As they were transferring him from his bed to the stretcher, he went into massive cardiac arrest.  It turns out that the pain patch had lowered his blood pressure so drastically that he barely had any circulation.  Bear in mind that I am not a physician and I am only relating what I can remember, and I was absolutely horrified as I was hearing this story.     This is going to be a long post I'm afraid.     When they got Rick to the hospital, they put him on full life support.  To make a long story short, they told his wife and mother that if he survived he would have brain damage and be blind.  However, over the next few weeks he regained consciousness.  He opened his eyes and asked his mother, "What happened to me?"  It seemed as though he would recover.  But then, he began having seizures.   His immune system was so zonked that he caught the super-flu.  And apparently this is what finally killed him.  After six weeks, he passed away on June 29, two days before his 47th birthday.     I cannot tell you how shocked, sad, and angry I am.   I consider this murder on the part of the doctor who put the pain patch on him.  Rick's wife will sue for malpractice and I hope she wins.  I hope that doctor loses his license.  This never should have happened.  The ironic thing was, Rick never trusted doctors.  He would always tell me, "Fifty percent of the doctors graduated in the bottom half of their class."     And I cannot get Rick out of my head.  It has been a week, and the memories do not go away.  They just get more vivid.     Rick's mother and step-father invited me to lunch.  They were always so wonderful and kind.  Over lunch, I showed her the pictures of Rick and me that I had accumulated over the three years we were (mostly) together.  She was so happy to see those pictures.  She told me how grateful she was that I came, and that Rick was such an important part of my life.      Thank god I did not throw those photos away.  I found out several things.  A few of the photos were taken at Julia Pfeffer Burns State Park in Big Sur.   Eve said, "Oh, Rick took us there.  He told us that you made him promise never to take another girlfriend there, and he hasn't."  Of course, that made me start crying all over again.  Another photo was of a street artist in San Francisco who made paintings using spray paint and can lids.  Eve said that Rick had begged her on her last trip to San Francisco to please find that street artist and buy one of those paintings.  She looked everywhere and even asked other street artists, but couldn't find him.  Eve and I looked at each other, realizing that Rick had intended to send that picture to me.     I was gratified to know that he still thought of me.  I guess I already knew that, because he kept emailing me.     I told Eve and Bob about how after we broke up, Rick opened a brokerage account in my name using my social security number and forging my signature.  He invested some money and built it up to about $3500.  Apparently he intended to build it up to quite a bit, and then turn it over to me.  But at the end of the year he got the 1099-DIV and realized that I would be in big trouble with the IRS if I didn't declare this on my income tax.  So he had to 'fess up and mail everything to me.     I guess that was the point that I finally stopped ignoring his emails, and we began our correspondence.  At one point he asked, "Will I ever see you again?"  I wrote back with one word: "No."  I was to marry Craig in April, and he went on to marry Carolyn in August.    This is going to sound terrible, but the one thing I can take satisfaction in is that Rick died longing for me.  I know he loved his wife, but the absent one is always the one who becomes idealized.  In a sense I am doing this with Rick now that he is dead.  I have to force myself to remember all the rotten things he did too, like cheating on me with Caroline.  And I have to remember that Craig is my true love, the one who cares for me AND my daughters.  Damn Craig for being gone all this week at that stupid Juggling Convention.  If he were here, I wouldn't spend so much time absorbed with Rick.   I need my Craig.     To further mess with my head, when I returned to the hotel room after visiting Eve and Bob, Shelby announced, "Wendy has been talking to Rick."  Wendy promptly produced a letter that she had done using her "guided writing" (which is where one communicates with, and writes down the words of, a dead person).  I sat down and started reading the letter and began to cry all over again.  Because it sounded like Rick's words.  Either that, or Wendy has an uncanny memory of details that occurred over six years ago.  One phrase that stood out was "my precious Math teacher".  Rick always called me precious.  But this was always during private moments.   How could Wendy know that?  Coincidence?  I have never had a boyfriend or husband call me "precious" except Rick.  It was always "sweetie", "sweetheart", "honey", or "babe".  Today on the drive home I asked Wendy, as she was waking up from a nap, "Wendy, do you remember what Rick's pet name for me was?"  She said, "No."  I pressed, "Do you remember what he used to call me?  A nick name?"  She said, "No."     So now, I have to consider that Wendy may in fact be psychic, and not schizophrenic.  If people believe in God, including me, aren't spirits in the realm of possibility?     Yesterday I was wandering around the "Dessert Passage" shops in Aladdin while the girls were off shopping.  Of course, I was lost in thoughts of Rick, when suddenly I realized what song was playing in the b.g.: "As I lay me down to sleep" by Sophie B. Hawkins.  This was a special song that Rick and I shared.  Another coincidence?  No, at that point I firmly believed that Rick was sending me a message that he was a spirit now.     Well, this is enough for today.  I'm glad to be home, even though Skittles peed all over the carpet.