So I'm laying in bed, it's 10:30 AM here, and my mouth tastes as if some small creature of the night crawled in there and used it as a latrine.  Yes, I drank one 40-ounce too many last evening.  Ow, my head...it hurts to clear my throat for some reason.     The funny part is that I am so comfortable, I can't even bring myself to turn the channel from "Book TV" on C-SPAN2.  Bernard Lewis (who holds something like 105 honorary doctorates from around the world) is on there talking about racial inequality.  I SAY "talking", but the guy is about three hundred years old, and has a British accent...so it's more like a long mumble with long vowels.  It's almost like his lips are trying not to let him say what he's trying to say, like he's fighting them to get his words past.  As for his teeth, I've mentioned that he's British.  I can't see them, but I bet they're horrible.     SHE is off to Bangor today, her friend is having a baby shower, and by divine intervention alone I was not made to go with her.  I can not picture a worse way to spend a leisurely Saturday than driving two hours north (with Anne offering constructive criticizm about my driving the ENTIRE WAY), having to go to Burlington Coat Factory for a present (I hate shopping), then going to this "shower" and watching some twit I've never met get presents for her yet-to-be-born offspring.  Then drive home-more constructive criticizm, I'd be getting snippy by this point, so I'm sure I wouldn't take her suggestions for the helpful things they normally are, we'd get in a fight, and I'd end up walking home from Gardiner (an hour north of me by car, you can imagine how quickly flip-flops would get me home).     Wireless internet: get it.  Now.  Even if you're a gamer, and some blowhard has managed to convince you that "you get better speed, faster response, etc." on a wired network.  I say this because at this very moment, I am no longer on my bed watching C-SPAN, but am in the bathroom.  See?  You didn't even notice that I had moved.  Wireless internet rules, but when combined with a notebook computer, it's quite possibly Wonder-Of-The-World material.     Ok, gotta focus on what I'm attempting to do...Budweiser wants out.