OMG! so i finished this survey and my internet crashed.. POS.. anyway.. i took out some questions lol cuz now i'm really really tired but i wanted to post some of these..   DEEP THOUGHTS about life and you in it:  - Do you have any bad habits?   biting my nails and over analyizing everything  - What is the compliment you get most from people?   i have pretty eyes  - If a movie was made about your life, what would it be called?   Since i'm still making it.. "Ashley Junior: The Prequal to something amazingly awesome"  - Do you ever pretend to be someone else just to look cool?  No, i'm just naturally awesome  - Are you a loner?  No  - If you were another person, would you be friends with you?  Yes, and i would even date me, even if that meant being a lesbian, but the real me isn't a lesbian so that would be very sad to the me that's not really me..  - Have you got a journal?   Yes, just ask Phil..  - Are you confident?  Sometimes    HAVE YOU EVER...  - Gone skinny dipping?  No but i want to  - Played strip poker?  Yes  - Gotten beaten up?   No  - Beaten someone up?   Yes, Sorry TJ.. hehe  - Been picked on?   Yes (TJ made fun of me for being a girl..)  - Been on stage?   Yes and i love it!  - Thought you're going crazy?   i was born this way..  - Kissed the same sex?  Yes    LOVE:  - Did you get frightened or uncomfortable seeing that as a section title?   Yes  - Do you remember your first love?   Clint McGehee  - What do you find romantic?   Star gazing.. it's soo sweet to cuddle and look up at the stars  - What would you do if you were walking down the street and saw some hot guy/girl standing on the sidewalk?  Since i dont make a habit of doing anything alone.. i would smack their ass and tell them the person i was with did it, regardless of sex and age.  - What do you dislike most?   People who dont like me.. i dont listen to them..    WHO WAS THE LAST PERSON...  - You wanted to kill?   Chris   - That you laughed at?   John  - That laughed at you?   My Mommy  - To ask you out?   Phil :-)  - To make you cry?  Chris  - To brighten up your day?  Phil  - That you thought about?  since he was the last answer.. Phil  - You talked to on the phone?   My Mema  - You saw?  Andrew  - You turned down?   Jon Henley