what do you say when someone you like says, "i'm falling for you." me? i just freak out....heheh..  there has been this sparky attraction between jammi and i since the beginning but we just take our relationship easy. we're something like "more than friends but not quite lovers" [is that right?] but yesterday, that changed...big time. jammi and i were talking about something then our conversation landed on...[ehem, ehem]...touching ourselves. he approached it very cautiously and respectfully. anyway, he asked me something i didn't understand well [why does he have to be so smart?] and then we got cut off. when we chatted again, we both agreed we'd be open to those topics since neither of see any point why we shouldn't. i also admitted being a bit offended by his question earlier. that's when we had fun with the YM emoticons. we were trying to figure out which emoticon suited us. that was fun....  then we got into speaking deep tagalog for fun. i was so giddy because i always found old romantic things very...um...romantic. here's what kept me up all night with a hanger-wide smile plastered across my face:  he said he wanted to tell me something but i shouldn't freak out. so i said it was okay since i thought it was something about him. but it was about us...about me...he said:  "i'm falling for you"  needless to say, i freaked out. i wasn't able to reply for a while. too much mixed emotions surged through my bones too quickly i lost myself. there was joy, relief, shock [a lot of that], doubt and giddiness. being a total klutz, i asked him if he was sure. the answer i got was beyond perfect. he said he liked me more and more each day. something like that. he asked if i didn't want him to, again, being a klutz, i said i did. but there are circumstances. what i meant was i don't have total freedom to love. gosh, at that time, nothing else mattered....just the moment itself......  later, he asked me if i wanted to meet his ex. jammi explained that Mariz, his ex, became conceited after their break-up. she was telling all her friends that jammi wanted her back and was courting her. it came to me, maybe mariz got so hung up on jammi's TLC that she's doing these stuff because she missed him. anyway, jammi wanted to teach her a lesson and he wanted me to do him a favor. i did, i pretended to be his girlfriend! i was wishing with all my might that that would someday be true. in the conference where i met mariz, jammi and i were calling each other "hon" and "baby". gosh, both of us were extremely giddy. only after about 3 messages from mariz, she left. after a while, i did, too.  nyt nyt, jammi...  and here i am.....  gosh, i feel like i'm dreaming....^_^