This is making me mad. I feel like my whole reputation is ruined! Okay, I'll start off from the beginning: For the last two days I have been spending the night over at M.'s house (my ex boyfriends' sister). We were having a great time and talking and everything. I came home today because I needed more clothes because we were planning on going swimming at a lake and all my clothes were dirty. M. was supposed to come over to my house to get me so we could go, and when she didn't I called her house. One of her roommates started yelling at me and telling me that I stole M.'s cell phone!  I was dumbfounded at first because I had never stole anything in my life (and most people know this) but all of a sudden I'm being accused of stealing cell-phones! I feel hurt now that someone, who could have possibly been a good friend of mine, thought I was stealing from her. I stayed home, after that, and just thought about everything. I even told my sister about it and my sister couldn't believe it either because my sister  knows  that I would  never  steal.   I still feel hurt, though, because when mom came home after work, she came up to my room (to where I was at the time) and asked if she could see the cell-phone that I stole from M. I don't care if mom was just joking, or even if she wasn't. She should know me more than that, whether I talk to her or not. I would never steal and she  knows  that. Or should, at least. I don't know. Maybe she does think I steal from other people, but (you would think) she would  at least  stick up for me.  God, I'm so confused! Why would people think so low of me? I never did anything wrong! I could imagine that they would look at the person that I  am  instead of pointing the finger at me, saying that I took it. I feel like crap now that everyone (besides my sister, thank god) thinks that I'm stealing. It sucks feeling like someone will always have something against you because they think you are untruthful.  Hopefully she will find it soon, because it's killing me to think that this  misplacement  is ruining me.