In Athens, site of the in-progress 2004 Summer Olympic games, the time is 1:09am tomorrow.  All of the Tuesday night events are in the books, the winners' anthems have played, the medals distributed, and I've already read about all of it online.  And that sucks.   I'm admittedly not a huge Olympics fan, but certain events are must-see TV.  Ladies' figure skating.  Women's swimming.  Women's volleyball.  Women's gymnastics.  Nubile young athletes in skintight uniforms bending and twisting and sweating for the glory of their country.  God Bless America.  This year's women's gymnastics team final is to be broadcast on tonight's  NBC primetime coverage.  I was looking muchly forward to it.  Then I read online this afternoon (Yahoo! headline) that the USA gals got the silver.  Granted, watching the bending and twisting and sweating will still be a treat, but I didn't want to know who wins, dammit!  There's no wonder the ratings are way down this year.  Watching a sporting event after you've learned its outcome is practically pointless.  No drama, no excitement, big whup.   My favorite Olympic moments, unspoiled by the internet when I witnessed them :  --the "Magnificent Seven" USA women's gymnastics team from Atlanta 1996.  Shannon Miller was gorgeous.  Dominique Moceanu was cute as hell.  Kerri Strug-- her vault with a busted leg that catapulted the team to oh-so-dramatic gold medal victory-- it kicked ass.  I had crushes on those gals for months afterwards (and was allowed to, as I was only 16 at the time).  --the individual USA ladies figure skaters from Salt Lake City 2002:  Michelle Kwan, Sasha Cohen, and Sarah Hughes... again, all lookers, and Hughes' upset gold medal win was as exciting as the games get.   I've continued to follow Miss Cohen's career, as she is one of my future wives.  Look upon her talent and beauty  urlLink here .  Sasha, Natalie Portman, Kirsten Dunst, and I will live a happy polygamorous life in Utah together after we can all clear a day on our schedules for the wedding.