My interview went to Hell yesterday.  I feel that it went okay, but I didn't get the phone call that I was told would come to the "winner" of the third grade teaching position.  So I went to work right after the interview, proceeding to change from my suit into my camp counselor shirt and cargo shorts as I drove.  I was actually driving down Ridge Road in my undershirt and boxers at one point, and a truck driver was the only person who saw me.   My 6-8th grade Fun Camp was traveling to Sea Breeze amusement park yesterday, so as I paced around the park, making sure that my campers stayed out of trouble, I was glued to my cell phone just in case it should ring with some good news about my job scenario.  Unfortunately, that call never came.  It wasn't waiting for me on my answering machine when I came home, and it didn't wake me up this morning.  It never came, and now I can't help but feel a little deflated after all of this.     I tried to escape this stress last night with my little brother by taking him to see Spiderman 2 (my 2nd time and his 1st).  I liked it even more this time, but I realized that I would never make a good teacher, as there wasn't one child besides my brother that I could visualize leaving  unharmed  after experiencing strong desires to go on a homicidal rampage.  Kids that sat behind me either kicked my seat as they would a soccer ball for the whole movie.  Kids further behind me (and thus out of my reach) proceeded to have   shouting conversations with their parents.    And worst of all, the two stupid girls sitting in front of me could only seem to talk about how much the liked spiderman when he was swinging and complained about every other scene where he was out of costume.     Griffin really enjoyed the film, so ultimately I am very glad to have been able to bring him.  We don't spend enough time together anymore.  After the movie, we speculated about what might happen when Spiderman 3 comes out.  Tonight we're watching  Brother Bear , which is a great movie about siblings.     Hmm...I guess that when I distract myself with loved ones, job interviews and employment mean squat to me.   However, I'd like to land something soon so that I can actually have a wedding and a house.