The house was in near complete darkness. When I sat out in the living room with the lights off, on the floor and leaning against the sofa, I wondered why the house was never in complete darkness. The moon would then be covered by dense clouds which was a common sight so it's not possible that moonlight was illuminating the outline of the sofa, the deckchair and the cabinet filled with knick knacks. Perhaps not a very logical conclusion but on this side of the globe, it's always so cloudy. I don't get to see stars most of the time and whenever I do, it is almost like a miracle to me, a sign from God perhaps. Always comforting to know that there are stars in the sky, watching you walk the lonely stretch of road leading to your apartment.  But to think logically, there is light even in the dead of the night. The lights in the corridors of neighbouring blocks, even the lights in the playground and the orange lights lining the roads could somehow be reflected by the objects of this house. Every ray counts. I wondered whether it was because it was not so dark outside too that made me think my house was not completely in the dark. What your eyes behold far away seem to be drawn closer to you, filling your mind with a different reality and suddenly, you are no longer in the dark anymore.   But it doesn't really matter even if my apartment was in the dark. I knew where the wall sectioned off different parts of the flat, where the fan is placed exactly in the dining room although I tend to misjudge its proportions in my sleepiness and bump into the dusty fan head. I knew where the kitchen was and two steps from the entrance  would lead me to the fridge. I opened the fridge door and blinked my eyes a couple of times as they got accustomed to the sudden yellowish glare.   In my dream, I reached out for a beer bottle. I don't know how I cranked it and took a huge gulp. I felt really good to drink that beer. I don't remember tasting it in my dream but just gulping it in such a ravenous fashion thrilled me immensely. Instead of giving a sigh of satisfaction and lingering longer in dream world, I woke up in shock. Beer never tasted this good. I haven't drank one in a long time, haven't stepped into a joint to get one, haven't felt the mood then to sip one at home. I haven't done alot of things that people my age are doing still, for a very long time. 2 years and 5 months to be precise. I sat up in bed, breathing deeply, attempting to calm myself down. I refused to think, to analyse and reflect. The essential eight hours of sleep was crucial in enabling me to endure the daily 12 hours teaching stint in my neighbourhood school. It will give me the much needed refill of energy but most importantly the self-esteem one gets when the eyes aren't bloodshot, puffy and weighed down with purple pouches of skin. So sleep it was and I prayed that a slit of light won't penetrate my dreams until my alarm clock said so.