Greetings from Outer Space,      This is StarBlog 001, recorded by kitpie13 ( known to some, but not all, as Teresa Wiles). Today is Thursday, July 10, 2004, and we have successfully completed our first mission : to develop a web-based e-mail account. It was with much trepidation that we set forth upon this venture, as it gives the dreaded e-mails even greater vantages from which to strike. Currently e-mails can menace us from six directions at once (2@job#1, 1@job#2, 1@home, 1@ASU, and the last one possesses the ability to attack from any location that is web-accessible). We then performed the bio which was long and grueling, yet strangely addictive. We expect to be forced into feeding our strange fixation at some point in the near future. Our captain has also give the order to create a new creature known as a  Blog , and it comes to life even now. Before the  Blog  overwhelms our dwindling forces, I shall attempt to preserve for posterity my last remaining thoughts... Obviously the Blog could be used as an excellent story starter, with students adding their own endings or being required to continue the story where the last student left off; thus creative writing could be reborn in the classroom. It could also be used as a log for checking and confirming that students are actually using their given times for their individual assignments, such as AR(if someone writes that he/she has read pp.73-80 in his/her library book, then I don't expect to see that person back on pp.66-72). In an assigned class reading, students could make up multiple choice questions with well-written distractors. Each student could compose one question (no duplicate questions allowed), and the teacher could require students to answer x number of questions. This could lead to great discussion in the classroom as students questioned each other or defended their answers. Other thoughts enter my mind, but the  Blog  is greedily consuming them even as it.....consumes....my...brain .(Audience hears a muffled groan,and then a thud as the StarBlog recorder's body hits the floor. The hiss of static is the last thing heard by the audience.)