I don't talk about it much.  Hardly ever in fact.    I'm adopted.  No, there is no shame in that.  In fact, I am grateful to God for giving me to the parents he did.  I grew up feeling like  princess, I have always known I am loved.  Never for one minute have I doubted it.  Never.    My birth mother was 18 when she got pregnant with me.  This was a time when girls were shunned for getting knocked up.  More than one girl found herself married to a guy she hardly knew, because she had caved in to his charm.  This wasn't the case with my bio mom, who I will refer to as BM.    In high school, she was one of THOSE girls, the girl guys knew would give in.  She made fun of the goody-goody girls.  Picked on them unmercilessly.  One of those girls would become my older sister one day.  Ironic huh.    BM worked at a Shoney's restaurant, as a waitress.  Her boss was my sperm donor.  She was 18, he was in his late 20's married, with 3 kids.  Not a good combination.  Of course, he wasn't interested in the fact he had knocked her up.  He could care less.  All of the boys who hung out at the restaurant were just glad she hadn't put the blame on them.  One of them was my future brother.  More irony.  When I was 4 months old, I had a baby sitter, who would one day be my older sister also.  Yet more irony.    BM called the parents of the baby sitter, goody-goody girl, and punk from the restaurant, and asked these nice folks if they wanted her baby.  They needed to talk about it, I mean the wife was 45, and the husband was 48.  Their kids were all grown up, the youngest was 15 (the babysitter).  DId they really want to do this again.  Tie themsleves down to someones elses child?    Mom, wanted to see this baby.  When she showed up to visit, I was 4 months old, living in a room with a dog and her 10 puppies.  My diaper hadn't been changed in days.  There was a crust of milk caked to my scalp 1/4 inch thick.  I was sick.  Very, very sick.  Mymom went straight home and told my dad to "go get that baby" .  He decided to check things out, took a friend of his with him, and once he saw me, he loved me, just like mom had.  They brought me home, right then and there.    Fast forward 23 years later, and BM calls my parents.  She wants to meet me.  If I am willing.    Considering the fact that I know absolutly nothing about myself, I agree.  I wanted to know who my sperm donor was, I wanted to know my medical history, I wanted to see someone that maybe, just maybe I looked like.  Or that looked like me.    When we met, BM brought my grnadmother with her.  I had never met a grandparent, that I remembered.  My adoptive grandparents were gone before I was born, or soon after.  I actually had a grandmother.  I liked my grandmother.  She was nice.  Her daughter wasn't.   BM walked into my parents house, and thanked them for raising "her" daughter.  She called my husband "her" son in law, referred to herself as "mamaw" to my son, telling my parents what an adorable "grandson" she had.  She even had the nerve to scold my son.  NOt a smart move.  I tolerated the visit.  I wanted to know about me.  She showed me a pic of what was suppsedly my sperm donor, all I could really make out was his legs.  She told me his name, all I remember was his last name was Baker.  Then she told me he was dead.  He had a bad heart.  Passed away in his early 40's with a heart condition.  He had a pacemaker at the age of 28.  Thanks, I needed that.    over the next 5 years, I tolerated more visits.  About 2 a year.  Each one getting worse than the one before.  Bm walked into my sick mother's bedroom and told her "you need to pray for OUR daughter, she has an attitude problem"  I did have an attitude problem, it was her.  I couldn't stand her.  I cringed at the mention of her name.  I would get nervous and jittery days before a visit from her.  When my boys were born during that time, I made Tommy and others swear not to tell her I had another child.  I banned her from the hospital, I avoided her phone calls.    The last visit came after Jamie was born.  He was 4 months old and she came to visit.  On that visit, she referred to Will by his full name, he was 2 years old, and didn't know his full name.  When he didn't respond to her, she yelled at him.  That was the last straw.    I took her outside to my parents back porch, and more emotions than I have ever experienced came out.  I let her know exactly how I felt.  Let her know how many lines she had crossed.   I told her that she had no right to walk in my life and expect to be my mother, she gave that right up when she chose her mother over me.    I let her know how it felt to know that I was a reject, rejected by my own mother, the woman who carried me for almsot 9 months, gave me to total strangers.  I let her know how i felt the day she told me "don't you let me go to a nursing home when I get old"  WHAT?????????    Then I knew why she contacted me.  She had just found out her own mom had Lupus, and she was scared.  Scared of being alone.  BM had never married, never had any more kids, it was just her and her mom.  It was her choice.  She had to live with it.    But now, she wanted me back.  You know what, I didnt' care.    I still don't.    I may sound bitter, I'm not bitter.  I'm indifferent.    I haven't spoke to her in 8 years.  My grandmother used to sneak while BM was at work and call me every couple of months.  The calls stopped 3 years ago.  I think my grandmother may have passed away.  I hate the fact that she and I couldn't have a relationship.  I wanted a relationship with my grandmother.  She couldn't help the  choices her daughter made.    I am very thankful I didn't grow up with BM.  I would have been a bitter, cold person today.  I'm not that person because she made one good decision in her life.  She let me go.