Alright, that is enough.  I fucking hate this city, and this is the letter that I plan to submit to the coast about it:  Dear Editor,  I am looking for an outlet for my anger, misery and disgust at the people that make up this city.  I can't believe it.  After a year and a half here, I have given up hope of every liking Halifax, and I can't imagine a single thing that I am going to miss about this city.  Especially the people.  Let me provide some examples.  Making friends here has not been difficult, it's been impossible.  In the last city that I lived in, I made most of my friends through several volunteer positions.  Volunteering is rewarding, and typically the people you meet doing are pleasant and empathetic.  So, I ventured out and dropped my name and number off at a few places around the Dalhousie University Campus.  Specifically, the Internation Student's Office, and the Gazette.  I thought that I might be a valuable volunteer for incoming foreign students because I am fluent in Mandarin.  For the Gazette, I thought I could put my travel skills to use by helping write an article about ins and outs of travelling abroad.  A month later, and still no call from either organization, although both were willing to take my number to begin with.  Next up, a social organization downtown.  I am not going to name names here, because I still think that they provide a valuable service to the community, and have branches in most cities in Canada, but when I offered my time there, I was once again denied.  How is it that organizations based on volunteers don't need more people to provide their time?  Next, I thought perhaps I would join a sports team to try to make friends.  It turns out that most teams are not looking for new members, and already have too many.  BUT!  Good ole' ultimate!  I don't actually like Ultimate Frisbee much, but I was looking and I found a team that was taking.  So I joined.  Unfortunately, my teammates all turned out to know each other before hand.  After 2 practices and 2 games, I realized that no, no one was going to introduce themselves, and no, they didn't care who I was.  forget that.  There are also those loitering downtown who feel the need to mock me.  I was walking on Spring Garden a few days ago, when some guy who thought he was so punk he was almost wearing his skateboard like an accessory, asked me in the most mocking tone, "excuse me miss, do you listen to Rod Stewart?"  Fuck you.  I may have been doing my best impression of a Gap ad, but don't you judge me.  I stopped buy Survival of the Phattest when you were still listening to Jesus Jones.   Finally, there is the random vulgarity that I have encountered while spending time with the few friends I do have here.  On several occasions, while walking home with friends at night, I have had guys mention something sexual explicit to me and my friends.  On four separate occassions, while walking with completely different guy-friends, I have had stranges say something along the lines of "Hey, need a third?  I like to do it doggy-style, and he can watch."  Or more simply "I fucked her yesterday."  What?  Who are these people, saying these things that are obviously designed only to make me feel bad and embarrassed?  And this is what I am left with: An unbridal hatred for this city.  It stinks, and the people stink, too.  And if this letter outrages you because you think it is unfair and doesn't apply to all, I beg you to proove me wrong.  In fact, you are probably the person that I have been looking for since I got here.  Where are you?  Where are all the good people in Halifax?  I must be looking in the wrong places, so if you are out there, show yourselves, because frankly, I am exhausted and I don't have the energy to keep looking.