We are in Vermont now.  We drove about an hour to Burlington so that we could use the wireless internet and do all the computer stuff.  If I could sum up our experience so far in one word it would be - rustic.  The cabins, the area, the mouse droppings, the termites... Not that it's been bad, but there really are termites and mouse droppings!  So we've been here for two days and had many interesting experiences.  It has been SO FUN though.   Check out Nicole's blog for some more details too.  She's here with me.  It's my parents, Rick and Joey, Nicole, soon to be Chaz, Kyle and myself.   A few things about the trip so far-  Burlington, VT is one of the coolest cities ever.  It's like a mix between Boston and East Lansing.  The people are VERY friendly - random strangers have been coming up and talking to us as we are sitting here on the internet.   I drove a wave runner by myself for the first time today.  We are staying on Lake Champlaigne (a huge lake, often considered the sixth Great Lake) and my parents brought their two wave runners.  It was pretty fun.  Nicole, my mom, and I woke up early and biked 12 miles this morning.  It is beautiful here.  Rolling hills, mountains, the coastline.  I have also had amazing runs and want to try different routes every day that I'm here.   We did the biggest grocery shopping I have ever done in my life yesterday.  We all guessed how much the total would be - my dad and I thought we were guessing high when we guessed the mid $300s.  Turned out we were low.  $438 was the total.  Thank you mom and dad!!  And as I write, I am sitting outside on Church street in Burlington.  It's 10:15pm - Chaz was supposed to be in at 10:00 but he is unfortunately still sitting on the runway in Lansing.  Poor Chaz!  So it looks like we will be in town for a while, hoping he gets in tonight.  There are tons of bars and little shops on the street with internet access.  Imagine Grand River but much cooler and much bigger, and the road is blocked of so that only people can walk on it.  It's a Monday night and it's still hoppin.  We just saw a girl and a guy get in a fighting match in the middle of the street - oh, they are fighting again right now!  They are right next to us now.  Lots of college kids, lots of drinking it looks like.  We should be back in town tomorrow so I will try and post more then.