The lack of posts is mainly due, once again, to just so much real life!  lots going on- so here's a quick run down.  ready...  Expression:  Helen and I are leaving Expression (St Thomas' Student Church) very soon, it just feels like God is calling us on to something different.  Hopefully it'll be somewhere where we experiment with the things we've been thinking and talking about on these blogs.  First was the Expression Ball and then Sat and Sun H was organizing a Girls night and a brunch and it felt like this was really our last weekend of Expression stuff.  I guess for me its both exciting and a wrench.  I hadn't realized how much of my identity I get from being in Expression and helping lead it.  Feels like a big deal for us moving on... But we're excited.   Expression Ball was Excellent by the way.  School:  Is tough.  I've just been finding it very hard getting through to the kids.  There seems to be so much I have to do by way of control that is a bit beyond me and I can't do the teaching I had wanted too.  That said, there are moments of sunshine.  Like when kids seem to choose to come and talk to you about whatever.  Or when a lesson seems to go well and you can see you have helped kids learn something.    Connect:  As we leave Expression we reckon we're heading towards Connect  and discovering lots of people there that think like us.  Its been a lot of fun getting to know them all.  Connect feels like a home for us already.  Thanks.  Money:  We've been in a bit of a story on this.  God seems to have said some stuff to us about giving and receiving and we acted on it expecting everything to go hunkydory.  I guess it did but not all in the way we had planned.  So we ended up getting nasty letters from the bank and other people.  We seem to be emerging from this little episode now and I think God is teaching us about Sacrifice, Faith and Taking Responsibility.  Profile:  Is coming up soon, its a kind of clubbing meets justice night at the Philadelphia Campus in Sheffield on 20th March.  Its being organized by Spikey Tim,  urlLink D3  Dave and Simon Ennis and is going to be way cool.  I'm playing around with planning decor and stuff for it (email me if you want to help) and am well excited, its going to be huge.  Other stuff happening too, but I think that's all that is public domain.  The sea feels very big and my boat feels very small.