My parents do even stranger things than I do.  I called Mom today just to say "hi", and caught her as she was preparing for an emergency trip to Canada.  No, not for prescription drugs.  Dad is presenting a paper at a conference in London, Ontario and left just a few hours before I called.  Turns out that he left the presentation poster at home.  Mom freaked out and was getting ready to drive it up to him.  She said she had her passport and the dog's vaccination papers, and...  Me:  Mom, you aren't taking the dog to Canada.  What if they quarantine her at the border?  Or refuse to let you cross? Mom:  Oh, I guess she could stay alone.  It's a 4 hour drive each way. Me:  Can you call Dad to let him know you're coming? Mom:  No, neither of us have cell phones and he didn't have a number for the dorm he's staying in.  He was going to call me with a number when he got there. Me:  Do you know where you are going?  You have a specific address? Mom:  Well, Mapquest wasn't very helpful, but I do know the name of the town, the university, and the dorm, so I should be able to ask for directions. Me:  What if Dad calls for you at home? Mom:  I'll change the answering machine message so that he knows I'm on my way, and that he should call you.  About an hour later, Dad calls me.  He arrived at the dorm, realized that he didn't have the poster, called home, and got the answering machine.  Dad says that he doesn't need the poster until Tuesday and that it could have gone FedEx, but Mom didn't know that.  Dad gave me the phone number for the dorm lobby (the rooms don't have phones) in case she called me back.  I'm still waiting to hear back from somebody on how this turned out.  It's now 9:30 pm EDT, so Mom should be in London.  No call from anybody.  Moral of the story:  I'm going to get TracPhones for my parents.  I have a cell phone specifically for situations like this, they need at least one, too.  Or else I'm gonna be tearing my hair out when they are actually old!  At least Dad didn't realize that the poster was missing during the trip.  I had visions of him turning around, and the two of them passing each other in Niagara Falls or something.