For probably the first time since I have lived here, I actually went out EVERY night of my weekend.  Honestly, I don't understand how people do it.   Thursday night (which begins my weekends) was just a casual night of watching some street ball in Harlem, going to a park and talking with friends after class.  I didn't want to be out too late or too tired on Friday, so I began to head home between 12 and 12:30, arriving home around 2:15 am.   Friday night, because of the massive amount of rain, Sean and I went to a nearby diner (greek, as is most of the neighborhood), drank coffee and played board games.  Not too eventful.   Tonight Sean and I went and saw the  urlLink Bourne Supremacy  with my new friend Abbie and her boyfriend Neil.  They are great fun people.  The movie was good.  I am still of the impression that very few movies will be good enough to justify my paying 10.50 to see it.  I don't think I would mind if I was in a theater with like 20 other people and they only showed the movie three times a day, but I sat there looking around at a theater of probably at least 200 people, completely full, and realized they must be making between two and three THOUSAND dollars every hour, just on the show alone.  Plus, you add in the outrageous cost of popcorn, sodas, and candy, and its a cash machine.  The seats are more crammed than ever, making the constant jab in the back from the person behind you unavoidable.    However, New York does at times have its advantages.  The last movie that I went to see was " urlLink Super Size Me ," the documentary about McDonald's.  I loved the movie, so I wasn't as disgruntled about my 10.50, but what really made it worth it was that when the movie was over, the man who underwent ther McDonalds adventure, Morgan Spurlock, was standing at a microphone in the front of the theater, ready to answer questions.  The movie is a must see.   So while there may be a wider variety of thrift stores, coffee shops, and bars, I still find something drifting towards the same activities that I enjoyed during my small town days; eating and playing games with good friends.  The only difference is that now I have to pass by a lot more weirdos and take a few trains to do it.    For anyone who doesn't know Arzhang or read his blogs, go read his  urlLink My Generation  entry. He does a very good job of explaining that feeling of being immersed in a society where everyone seems so in love with themselves and their lives, both of which I could never imagine even enjoying on a simplistic level.  Last year I asked and craved to  understand what it was that I was missing.  But, as all noteworthy philosophers at some point decide, it's not me, it's them.