Ok so about Friday.  Well I didn't bat 1.000.  In fact I did pretty darn poor on my predictions.  Well there were a few tearful good-byes.  So I was right on that.  We also did make it to TC.  That was a given but still I'll take it.  We totally didn't go to GR much less dance in the cage.  Strike one.  Also no singing room.  Strike 2.  We did make it to Bellagio.  So chalk one up for me.  Not everyone was trashed, but enough people to where I think it shouldn't count against me.  Also we didn't eat at New Blue.  Strike 3, I'm out.  So I guess I'm 3/6.  You know in reality that isn't a bad batting average at all.  Anyone who could hit .500 in the big leauges would make more money then they knew what to do with.   So anyway I was a little late to dinner b/c I had to go see Gyeh-son first.  Turns out she got Asma a going away present and the boss at the cafe was asking about her as well.  Dinner was pretty darn good.  I'm a fan of Outback.  There were maybe 20 or so people there.  After dinner I had to run off for about an hour and see Gyeh-son since she finished work.  She briefly came to TC and said good-bye to Asma.  She was tired and I'm guessing didn't want to deal with a ton of crazy drunk foreigners and decided to go home.  So this left me back at TC.  I somehow ended up with some kind of long island ice tea which just completely sucked.  Really this was the worst drink in history.  I always thought I'd drink anything as long as it was free, well this came to an end.  This drink was originally ordered by Asma I think and she didn't like it so it was given to me.  Absolutely horrible.  I didn't drink much.  We finally got a move on and went to Bellagio.  At first it was just Asma, Jeff, Brian and myself.  But sure enough reinforcements showed up.  We had that place on lock down.  There were 20+ people in our party.  Next was BB.  I didn't stay long here.  I was so tired and just decided to save what little I had left for Saturday.  Here I said my good-bye to Gabe and called it a night.  Things hadn't always been the best between the two of us but I'd like to think we ended on a good note.  Best of luck to you where ever you end up.  Lois also left but I think she was sick and didn't seem to be talking a whole lot.  I did get to take a parting photo with them though.   I finally got a good night's sleep last night.  Tonight should be game night at Fenton's with Caleb and I.  Unfortunatly I'll have to call it around 11 b/c I promised Ju-mi I'd watch that Shil-me-do movie with her.  I've already canceled once and this is probably the last week it'll be playing.   It doesn't look like Taiwan will work out.  All seats are full.  I'm waiting for the travel agent to call back if anything develops but I'm not holding my breath.  Only 5 classes today, that is totally giver.   Screw spell check, I'm going to work.