Here by my side, an angel Here by my side, a devil Never turn your back on me Never turn your back on me again.  I love Matthew Good.  I went to his show on Saturday night at the marquee, and it was amazing.  Goosebumps, I tell you.  I wish that my parents has forced me to play an instrument.  I was watching some news channel, and there was a piece on how children who learn to read and play music at a young age are smarter than their non-musical peers.  It's all got to do with how the brain is organizing itself during our formative years. It turns out that during early childhood, about half of the neurons we were born with die off.  The brain produces neurons in over-abundance as a fail safe, to ensure that everything that needs wiring gets the resources, but when everything is set neurons are programmed for death as a sort of "house-keeping".  An organized brain is an efficient brain.  Anyway, if you play music, you get to keep more neurons.  In addition, those neurons have influence over how other populations of neurons function.  Matt Good is a genius... but hhe didn't even pick up a guitar until 20... even more impressive.  So, I tried really hard this weekend to "search my soul".  My horoscope in The Coast was pushing me to find some treasure I have been pining for.  So I tried.  First, at the show, I looked around for Andrew the super-crush.  No luck, but I kept my eyes open all night while I flirted with a friend of a friend - Scott.  Upon leaving, Scott offered to walk me home, and I thought "I suppose this is someone I could make out with".  It's been my view for some time that if I only got back on the horse, then approaching people wouldn't seem nearly so daunting.  Anyway, so Scott and I stop at pizza corner, and he is chatting with some guy and I overhear him say "You should see this place at 4am - it's full of niggers and lebs". I just about fell over.  Ok, so maybe I can't make out with this guy.  But we are close to my house, so we keep walking, although at this point I am obviously keeping my distance for mr. redneck.  As we walk up to my building, he says "Is this where we go in?"  I reply "No, this is where I go in.  Thanks for walking me home"  when he says "Are you serious? But I walked you home."  Now I know why I am in the position I am in.  I would rather be sad and lonely, and wishing I had asked out Andrew than trying to figure out how to dissect guys like Scott from my life once I realize what pigs they are.