Well, we finally got to see  urlLink Fahrenheit 9/11  on Thursday. It's in Tri-Cities, about an hour away from here. Apparently, it's not going to show at all in Walla Walla, according to an article in today's  urlLink  Walla Walla Union Bulletin   .  This is a little bit ironic actually, because Walla Walla is probably a more liberal community than Tri-Cities.   The owner of our local movie theater claims that the decision is purely economic, but others say that he's a conservative. I guess the economic problems with showing the film are compelling--apparently you need to book the film for a four-week run, which means that the not-for-profit community cinema in Dayton can't show it. And I guess the DVD is coming out shortly anyway.  In any case, we liked Fahrenheit 9/11 so much that we went back again last night, and brought two friends.  I think that at the most basic level, the film points to a crisis of confidence in the character of the president. One could imagine a president who legitimately believed that he was doing the right thing for the country. But unfortunately some of us suffer under the constant doubt that this president and his family might really be willing to change the course of history, to steal the election in Florida, bankrupt the country and loot the treasury, merely so that his family and friends could gain a few hundred million.  I suppose conservatives had the same doubts about the character of Clinton. But I, for one, am not willing to eliminate my doubts about Bush.   After having seen it twice, here is my list of some of the most striking moments in the film:      Ickiest moment:  Paul Wolfowitz looking like a lounge lizard, pushing his hair into place with saliva. That's just the icky build-up to the ickiest second--when Wolfowitz's aide contributes some of his own spit to help put his boss's hair into place.   Unfair critique : I know a lot of people might think that the whole film is unfair, but I didn't. I did think it was unreasonable to criticize Bush too much for continuing his visit of the classroom while the World Trade Centers were being hit. He didn't know what was going on and he probably knew that the visit to the classroom would be over soon. However, I should add that Michael Moore points out that President Bush had been warned just a month earlier that Bin Laden was prepared to attack within the United States and he knew that the Twin Towers were a target for terrorists. And President Clinton said in a recent interview that he immediately knew it was Bin Laden as soon as he heard about it.   Least adequately explained mystery:  I am utterly baffled as to why all those Saudis and Bin Ladens got to leave the United States as soon as the attacks took place. Prince Bandar's explanation, that His Majesty, the King of Saudi Arabia, didn't want them to be inconvenienced, makes the whole matter even less clear. Why should His Majesty have a say in this at all? As Moore points out, what would have happened if Clinton had arranged to have all of Timothy McVay's family flown out of the country within days of the Oklahoma bombing.   Surprising Factoid:  The idea that the Saudis own 6-7% of the country was interesting. There seemed to be a little slippage between ownership of the country and ownership of equity in the stock exchange. I think the 6-7% refers to the stock exchange, which is still a surprising figure.   Funniest pop culture allusions:  well, there are actually quite a few. For starters, framing Afghanistan as an episode of Bonanza, was very cleverly done. But I think I liked the hip use of the Talking Head's "Shiny, Happy People" as background for the footage of the Bushes and the Sauds and the Bin Ladens socializing, and "Come On, Party People, Put Your Hands in the Air" as background to the anti-American demonstrations in Iraq.   Deconstructive moments:  As many critics have noted, at the beginning of the film, we see outtakes of Bush White House officials getting prepared for television appearances and at the end we see them taking off their microphones. This does seem to underscore the theatricality, the constructedness of politics. The constant references to pop culture that show both the Bush team and Moore and his audience relying on culturally produced precedents to respond to current events again shows how the "real world" of politics and even war is affected by art. Interestingly, there is a moment where someone accuses Moore's movie of being staged--and at that moment, and that moment only, we see one of the cameras from Moore's film. It's as though Moore is inviting us to think about what it would mean for his movie to be staged.   Moments showing the documentary filmmaker's skill : A lot of people find Lila Lipscomb's story the most moving part of the movie. She's the working class woman whose son died in Iraq. Filmically, her story is also very well done. We meet her first in the context of unemployment in Flint and the attraction of the military. Only later do we learn that her son is in the military and it is even later that we learn that he has died. Now, when Moore is putting together his documentary, he obviously already knows that her son is dead. So he consciously structures it so that we gradually learn about Lila Lipscomb's story. (Similarly, we learn somewhat early that she wears a multicolored cross  because she supports multiculturalism--later we meet her family and realize that her husband is Black.)  We can also assume that Moore knows her story before she talks on camera--bringing up once again the charge that everything is staged. But this is also a part of the documentary filmmaker's skill: getting untrained non-actors to spill their guts in front of the camera.    Gruesome moments : The footage of the American soldiers being burned and dragged and the footage of the Iraqi kids being wounded all speak for themselves. The fact that our media refuses to show the true experience of war is terrible. Similarly, the footage of the American amputees should be seen by many more people   Ugly moments:  The young American soldiers who talk about blasting heavy metal as they roll around Baghdad in their tanks sure are unappealing.   Politically brilliant moment : Michael Moore's attempt to get the congressmen and senators to encourage their kids to enlist in the military and go help out in Iraq is delicious, as are the responses of the politicians.   Possibly elitist moment : Moore quite accurately underscores how ironic it is that the least privileged Americans are the most likely to serve in the military. He says that "they are fighting for us." Who is this "us"? Does it mean that he's assuming that the underclass is not going to watch his film? That he doesn't need to appeal to that audience?   Bush's elitist moment : His jokes about the haves and the have-mores and "some may call you the elite, I call you my bases" are actually pretty funny.   Moments showing Bush's appeal : it's obvious Bush has a sense of humor and mischief. Moore tries to make it look like Bush doesn't have the gravitas to be President, but I think you can see that a lot of people might like Bush's jokey style.   Cheney's Darth Vader Impersonation:  he calls for the total destruction of something or other. Very scary.   Most interesting new fact : Like most lefties, I had a general knowledge of most of Moore's charges against the Bush administration (although I didn't have all the details of the links between the Bushes and the Saudis at my fingertips). But what was genuinely new to me was that the Bush administration is on record as having claimed prior to Sept. 11 that Iraq was not a danger to the US and that sanctions were working. Of course we all know that Bush Senior and Rumsfeld actively supported Hussein back in the 80s.   Moment of difficulty with proverbial sayings : Bush has trouble at the end getting the old saying right, "fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me." He finally gives us and just says, "we can't get fooled again." Oh well, I always thought that was a kind of difficult phrase too!   The theater wasn't crowded, but it wasn't empty. We ran into a couple of Walla Wallans there. Our friends said they wanted to send the movie to their parents.