Hi! It's been a very interesting day, and a darn fine one for a Monday. Today first started off with rock music so I was happy about that. I started off good... Anyways, then once I got to school I started to get into a bad mood because my teachers were in a terrable mood and it just sort of brought me down. By the end of the school day I was almost in a bad mood. I came home and my sister needed help with making a CD. Of course, because I'm just that good, I helped her and then she wanted to for me to go on a walk with her, the baby, and her man-friend. I went with them, hoping to get out of my bad mood, and it worked! We went over by the bay where we haven't been in almost a year. We had so much fun walking on the logs on the bay that we almost lost track of time (her friend was watching the baby while we went out on the logs). We were so proud of ourselves that we didn't fall in once that it brightened up my day almost, if not better, then in the morning. We came home and had dinner and everything was just gravey. So I came upstairs to my room and started playing on my computer. Mom poped up on MSN with the little heart emoticon. Soon we found ourselves in a deep convorsation about how we feel and what we thought the other peson felt. We got on to the subject of my future and her past. Like I want to be able to depend on myself and not have kids until I was older (maybe around the age of 25-30). And when she was younger, she wanted to grow up and have kids early and be a mom. I understood before that we both really didn't want the same things... Times change... But I didn't realize that she  wanted  to have kids. Believe it or not, we were told that my sister and I were unexpected and (basisiclly) unwanted. I understand now that she did want us, it was just that we wern't that... expected.   On a sadder note, today I broke up with my boyfriend...(well ex. excuse me)...So, once again I'm a free girl. I have many guys that I like but I wan't to concentrate on my school work. I don't know if me and my ex will still be friends, although I would like that, so I'm bummed about loosing him for now. I just don't like the way that he dissrespected my family and I. I wasn't happy at all about that because I am a very proud girl and I refuse to have a boyfriend disrespect my family. He just needed to grow up though. Like most fourteen year olds do. Anyways I'm going to go, so I'll leave you with: Today I ate: 1 doughnut 1 slice of pizza 1 bag of chips 1 Cup of Noodles