The Beautiful Albino  by Scott  the other day i met a beautiful albino girl here at the library and ended up speaking to her, mostly about albinism and the band counting crows. her eyes were not red, so i asked her about that first. apparently, everything we non-albinos know about albinos is shrouded in confusion and fear, mostly a result, in my opinion, from that awful movie "Powder." many albinos have light eyes, light brown, blue (like hers), certainly not red. the beautiful albino--let's call her Jessie--claimed that the "myth" of red eyes comes from medieval doctors believing that albinos were devils. albinos lack melanin in their skin, hair, eyes, but most have little amounts in some of these areas. the beautiful albino had long straight white hair and skin like a pressed fingernail. she wore cute glasses and looked a bit like what would happen if you sucked all the pigment out from lisa loeb.  albinos, jessie explained, all have problems with their vision because of the reduced amount of pigment in their irises, light is not refracted correctly and stray light that enters causes damage. jessie herself had a problem known as strabismus, where one of her eyes wandered out to the side a bit, which affected her depth perception. we spoke a little about the book "blindness" for a while, where everybody suddenly goes blind and only see whiteness. jessie said that blindness would always be darkness, whiteness implied a light refracting off the iris. perhaps, she joked, it was "an albino epidemic." i honestly couldn't tell jessie was cross-eyed, but things can be deceiving in the presence of a beautiful albino.   an example: while we were talking outside the library, jessie gestured with her hand at the dominicks supermarket, and suddenly stammered, "sorry." i realized then that she had pointed at the store with her middle finger, because on her right hand her index finger was only like an inch long. "whoa," i said, not knowing what else to say, and not having noticed until now. jessie's finger is the result of more inept genes, but not from being an albino. she believes that her parents are not at fault for anything that has happened to her. everyone i know blames their parents for everything, from their emotional detachment to their inability to wash their dishes, so it was a refreshing point of view, especially from somebody with so much damage done to her outside her capacity of control. so making fun of albinos might also be something a 14 year old would do, but in the spirit of the blog i wanted to report i met a nice, well-adjusted, beautiful one.   which led to our discussion of counting crows. she brought up that she liked the band, so i dropped my theory on them to her: 90s rock was relatively weak in terms of staying power, and what grunge did was take rock kids into subdivided, but still very similar, camps. i don't believe there was anything that good about grunge, it was just heavy metal with different clothes. but what the dividing of "alternative" rock did was place bands like REM and counting crows into a more "adult" category, a more, i don't know, VH1 brand, because grunge was for the slackers and the burnouts, the "young." however, the first counting crows album served to give whiny kids and adults everywhere a voice. so many people responded to that album, and it's not any good, as their whole ouvre can attest. but something about the timing of that first album: out just after nirvana's "nevermind," the developing rift between "alternative" and regular rock, the third-wave ska nonsense, the large number of kids not seeing their rebellion in plaid shirts and stage dives.   instead, and i think this was a subconscious thing going on here, counting crows had ushered in the sensitive-cowering-as-rock era, most notably the emo explosion. i take nothing away from Rites of Spring or Fugazi, but they didn't expect anything like emo to take off like it has either. the reason was counting crows. all of the songs on "august and everything after" build moods, bad moods. even the single "mr. jones" made everybody turn inward, and that was a happy uptempo tune. counting crows singer adam duritz was a meaty slacker, however he whined about loss and the mood of loss and all ages subconsciously was in tune with these chaotic ramblings about birds and rain. it may have had something to do with the fact that duritz was with Jennifer Aniston at the time. think about it: she moves from that guy to brad pitt. she had to have known something.   duritz himself was a contradiction of images, a grungy-looking singer with sweet melodies and plainitive musings. i remember the set for the "mr. jones" video, it was a beatup old apartment. it wasn't a high school gymnasium, but it was grunge for sure. somebody at viacom really was set with this whole split of "modern" rock into something more tangible for the age markets.   perhaps the crows were the springsteen of our time. for that one album they established that a mood was crafted not just on loss, but on pity. duritz clearly was not comfortable in his own skin, and amazingly everybody got it. all music is emotional to be sure, but this rock had an element of morose pity, a subconscious empathy. it wasn't just a dude feeling sorry for himself, whining away. it was the idea that all of us feel sorry for who everybody is. it was saturated with the beginnings of an ironic worldview.   as i said this to the beautiful albino, she echoed this sentiment: "it seems like the crows wanted us to cry, then wanted us not to believe that we were doing it."