If I were going to marry a website that website would be amazon.com. I think its the most amazing website ever created. I know that as a general rule people like amazon.com. Recently,  Time  placed amazon's look inside the book feature as one of the top inventions of the year (after  urlLink Apple Computer's  iTunes music store). But I don't think these other people have such a strong affection to amazon.com the way I do.   I wish all websites could be amazon.com. They are the smartest marketers out there. I don't know how they do it, but every time I visit they say "Hello Sarah, we have recommendations for you," and what do you know? Their recommendations are almost always right. Amazon.com introduced me to some very wonderful bands. I discovered Neutral Milk Hotel, Iron and Wine, The Decemberists, and Sondre Lerche through Amazon.com's recomendations. I almost always buy my CDs from amazon.com even if I can find them cheaper elsewhere, just because I love the company so much I WANT to give them my money.  In addition to making shopping a pleasure, amazon.com is great for procastination. I love wish lists. I think your amazon.com wish list really says a lot about you as a person. Mine says I like to have stuff. Currently there are 125 items on my wish list. I sort of have a shopping problem, and a lack of money problem. Being able to add things to my wish cures my shopping bug without causing undo financial harm. To make wish lists even better, amazon.com has the comments function. I've added a comment to about 90% of the items on my wish list. I thought that it would be nice if you could put your wish list in order of how much you wanted something. I emailed this concern to amazon.com. Now, I'm not saying its entirely because of me, but now you can give each item on your list a priority and sort lists by priority.  If wish lists were not enough for the bored, procrastinating, person like myself, you also have the ability just to make lists. Just lists for fun. I have a list of movies I would play if I owned a cable movie channel and a list of CDs I would bring if I were trapped on a desert island. There's not real purpose to these lists. They are just there to waste my time, and man oh man do I love 'em for it.  Everyone has been heralding their search inside the book feature. I have to admit it's been pretty nice. Occassionally I've been writing a paper and I realize I just need one more citation to prove my point. Instead of going to the library and trying to find a book that will work, I can amazon.com it. If its a minor citation I can get enough info just from the website to use in my paper. I've also been able to really check if a citation I found through a literature search eingine will really help me out. In short its great.  Yes. Amazon.com I love you. You can get anything from amazon.com. They are cheap. They have free shipping. They have nice customer service. They understand my need to procrastinate and my desire to go shopping without spending money. They are brilliant.    urlLink  WHISHLIST!   urlLink  postCount('108188689076107775');