In reading over my post from Tuesday, I really wish I could have written it better.  I don't think I really expressed clearly enough how  incredibly excited  I am about Jesus!  Those of you who know me personally (and right now, all my readers probably fall into that category), know where I stand already.  But you've probably not really heard me rave about him.  I've realized that where my shyness may keep me from speaking out in a crowd, here my literary skills give me no excuse!  So every now and then I'm just going to give a great big shout out about my Savior.  (GOD, YOU ARE SO GOOD!)   I'm going to a ladies Bible study every Wednesday night at my church.  We're going through Beth Moore's "Believing God" study and it's really awesome.  It was originally done with her doing it with a church somewhere in the southern US (Texas?) and recording it so that people all over the globe could do the same study on-line along with the people of the church.  And now, even though we missed it the first time, the sessions have been put onto DVD's and the studies have been put into a book.  The way it works is every Wednesday night we watch the video of Beth talking about the topic, and then we all go home and do the homework that goes along with it (5 of 7 days of homework).  If you've never heard Beth speak, she's really great.  And funny.  :o)   My favorite quote from yesterday's video (which is really why I said all that) was this:  "Your heritage is to be a wild woman!"  That's right!  And you know what, even within the context, it was really fun to say.  :o)  What she was talking about was the heritage that we have in Christ.  The example that she used was of a child of parents with a lot of money.  That kid, as she turns into an adult, knows that when her parents decide to give her her inheritance, it's going to be breathtaking.  Some kids start beating down their parents' door saying, "I'm ready now!  I'm ready now!"   That inheritance, though, is temporary.  It's going to fade away with the ages and when the end comes, it's going to burn up with everything else of this world and all we'll be left with is ourselves.   Our inheritance and our heritage in Christ, though, are so much better!  We're children of the King of Kings.  And we don't have to wait until we're adults to get our inheritance.  He's handing it out now to some people--if they're ready to receive it.  And I'm not talking about the wonder of salvation, either.  I'm talking about the life that he wants to bless us with.  It may not be an easy life, but let me tell you, I believe that a life lived the way that God wants, is going to be indescribly better than any other life.  Oh!  I want that!   But I started talking about how my heritage is to be a wild woman.  Wildly sold out for God!  Do you see the difference?  Oh, boy!  I don't even know how to do it, but I'm excited to learn.  This little introvert of a girl wants to be wild about Jesus!  And it' s our heritage as believers.  Just take a look back through the Bible.  Look at all the people who did crazy, wild things absolutely contrary to what was expected.  Noah built an ark in a world that had never seen rain!  Moses lead the people of Israel through the Red Sea!  The early church spoke out in the middle of towns where people hated them!  These people were wild about their Lord!   And I want that.  Oh!  How I want that!   I'm beginning to see some of the reasons for this place in my life.  I'm in a waiting place, not sure of the long-term plans or what I'm really supposed to be doing while I wait.  And I've been blessed with singleness (though sometimes that's hard to say it without clenched teeth).  A verse that I memorized during my fourth year of college came back to me again (with a vengeance) last week.  It's the middle part of I Corinthians 7:34.  "An unmarried woman or virgin is concerned about the Lord's affairs.  Her desire is to serve him in body and spirit."  Sounds similar to that verse (whose reference I can't think of right now) that says "Serve the Lord your God with all your heart, with all our soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength."  I'm learning to lean on Jesus and how to love him better!  I'm learning about my heritage!  And I'm learning how to be a wild woman!