This weekend was jammed packed action.  Well, as much action as we're likely to see these days.   Jenna and Hayden had their birthday party Saturday at Papa's.  (1 and 4 respectively).  Jenna is almost walking.  She cries every time Robbie leaves the room.  And she refuses to let anyone but her mother and father hold her.  I decided that while she was drinking her bottle would be a good time to steal her away.  (after all she was otherwise engaged).  She kindly spit milk in my face.  I held her anyway.  Gotta admire her spunk.  Hayden got spiderman gear and when he donned the helmet and gloves his 4 year old cousin from dad's side says "but if Hayden's Spiderman, we have to be the bad guys :-("  I think they worked it all out.  We went to Astroworld Saturday and it was truly nasty.  I think I may have mentioned in an earlier post that I didn't mind sweat.  Let me revise that statement.  I don't mind sweat when it's on a 6' good lookin muscular guy dancing in front of a waterfall and i'm drunk.  When I'm getting on board some roller coaster or standing in line next to stinky, wet people it thoroughly grosses me out.  Does this mean i'm getting old?  I don't think that bothered me all those years I worked at that place.  Ride after ride, other people's sweat after other people's sweat.  I'm not quite as bad as Monk yet.  And the smells.  Eeee gads.  No more summer time amusement park trips.  And the woman with us had the nerve to say that she didn't smell when I complained that i needed a shower.  I couldn't quite find a way to tell her that yes in fact she DID smell.  I was the one standing next to her, ok.  So we decide to go home and take showers and then go see Bourne Supremacy 2 or whatever.  The beginning thoroughly pisses me off.  How dare they kill her off??  What's the point of the movie without her?  I didn't really get the movie.  The car chase is all you ever really wanted in a car chase, however.  (personally, i can do without another car chase scene and live quite happily ever after, but some of us are into those).  Bottom line-kimpossible says two thumbs down.  Oh yeah, the woman who didn't stink (NOT) did not take a shower.  She put on a wrinkly shirt and came out of the house lookin worse than when she went in.  I did not sit by her.  I started the following by saying that education is a process of evoltion not unlike the unfurling of a fern frond.  But then it just got way too cheesy and i suppose i need to actually get a job in education before i can aspire to such lofty metaphorical ambitions.  so i left it at this:  My Philosophy of Education  I believe that each individual is born into this world with an innate desire to seek knowledge, ask questions and be accepted.    It is my duty as an educator to provide an active learning environment where each student can feel safe, accepted, challenged, and motivated.    I will provide differentiated learning experiences that will be conducive to a variety of learning styles in an effort to foster the development of self discipline and a love for learning in each student.  My classroom will be a warm, fun place filled with busy, happy sounds, children’s creations and many, many books.    We will embrace each other’s differences, share each other’s triumphs and learn from our mistakes.  Each day will begin another journey of discovery of ourselves, each other and the world around us.