Well I ended up eating dog on Friday night.  I have to say this was an experience.  I also have to say that it tasted pretty darn good.  I know this is a little scary but it's true.  It was Fenton, Caleb, Asma, Sarah and myself who indulged ourselves in man's best friend.  After this Asma, Caleb and I made our way downtown and met Gabe and Lois at Bellagio.  I think Bellagio has become my "Commune."  We had a good time and played some drinking games and chit-chatted.  At some point people broke off and went there own ways but Becky, Gina and I went to Fe.  Everyone met up here later.  Stuff kinda fizzled out and I went with Caroline and Caleb to get some food.  I made it home before it go too late and fairly sober.   Saturday I saw a Korean movie with Hey-Sook.  Man I have to say that Korean movies for the most part suck.  This isn't my opinion I truly believe this as a fact.  I really haven't seen any movie that is above average.  I hear there are some good ones I guess I just haven't had the chance to see them.  This movie was about a boys school in 1978 and had virtually no plot.  It was basically about who was the biggest badass and then there was a girl mixed into the story at some point.  I might have to revise my decree of greatest restaurant in Daegu from Myoungdong Kalgook soo to WABA.  Yes this is where I ate last night and it was a little bit of heaven.  When then hit up Bellagio for some cocktails.  Here I ran into the whole crew.  I'm sorry I didn't join but Hey-Sook still suffers from the  "I'm Korean and uncomfortable around foreigners" syndrome.  It was fun none the less and I saw most everyone at GR later.  She got tired and I dumped her in a cab and was going to go to BB but they wanted 10k to get in at 4 in the morning.  Forget that.  Asma and I ended up have a Chocolate shake at She's I have a question.  Do annoying people know that they are annoying?  The answer has to be no, right?  I mean if they knew they were annoying they would try to act differently I would think.  But yet they don't.  On the other hand it seems so obvious how could they not know?  And lastly why are there some many of them here?  For as many cool people as there are here there are some real boobs.  A good example was this fool of a kiwi looking for an atm last night who just turned out to be a real dumbass.