What a wonderful weekend doing as little as possible can be. I recently took a wonderful trip to California, but it has left me counting coins until my next paycheck. That being the focal point of the weekend, my friend Keri came to entertain me while I was forced to stay in the house.  So upon her arrival Friday evening, she, my other friend Rob and I went for some cheap eats at Grant Central Pizza in Grant Park (awesome cheap eats!!). We then came back fixed a few drinks and watched  Return to Oz . Laugh if you must but we had all seen the movie when we were younger and it disturb us, so I thought we should give it another go. The movie is even more messed up than I remembered. The rest of the evening was us being our crazy selves talking about random topics.  The weekend theme was about cooking so Saturday Keri and I had planned on making brunch but we had a late start and brunch happened around 2:00pm but it was oh so good.  The three of us then played in Borders and Whole Foods. Now you may say BORING but we had so much fun looking for Keri's special cheese! FYI tip if you are hungry and broke go to Whole Foods because you can make a meal out of all the free samples they hand out.  Keri mentioned to us a recipe for bread pudding using Krispy Kreme doughnuts and it sounded too good not to try, so we ran into the KK for supplies.  That evening Keri made a awesome dinner while Rob and I made the bread pudding. Taylor had just returned from his Florida trip and decided to dine with us. Two bottles of wine, a great dinner and a dessert that would put a diabetic in the hospital later we felt very accomplish.  Keri and I have been planning to see the movie  Dogeball  for sometime now and since it opened this weekend I thought we should go over to the Starlight Drive in and catch the 12:45 show. (Starlightdrivein.com)the  movie was about what you would expect but we enjoyed ourselves.  Upon our return from the movie, we find Taylor passed out in front of the computer.  I tried to wake him by every means that did not require a straight pin but it was no use so I left him there.  It was some sight.  Sunday was left over brunch and separate plans by all.  I went to dinner and to see the movie  Saved  with my awesome friend Wayne (ofishell.com). He is a riot!  Now I did spend more money than I planned but I realized how wealthy a person I really am. All cheesiness aside, no price can be put on the time I spend with my close friends.