Well, I'm having more random thoughts this morning. Here they are:  I hope I get this job. I should know today or tomorrow. *yikes*  Sharp rocks located at the beach suck. My foot is cut up bad. :(  I love sleeping under an air conditioner (window unit). It makes sounds go away and keeps me cool. Ahhhh.  I don't want to weigh in this morning at Weight Watchers. The last thing I need is bad news....although, good news could make my day better....hmmm......  I have a lot of reading to do. Would anyone really notice if I read a couple chapters and then wrote my papers? After all, the papers are only 2-3 pages per book. I mean, sheesh, that's not a lot of space!  I'm going to the Buckeye State to visit my roommate from college on friday. I can't wait. We're going wedding dress shopping (for her, not me). I've already gone through that hell. I definitely don't want to do it again. Oh, and her blog is located at:  urlLink http://www.opendiary.com/entrylist.asp?authorcode=D269709  It's mostly about her and her fiance and how much she misses him, but it's a great story. You see, her fiance is in Iraq fighting for the US right now. I hope he comes home soon.  My house is a bloody mess.....that's bloody in the British use of the term...not as in, blood and guts splattered all over my house. That would be gross and I wouldn't be sitting here on my computer writing to tell you about it. I'd be cleaning it up.  I really want to go back to Hawaii. It was so beautiful. So peaceful (well, Maui was....honolulu was another story). I can't wait to go back sometime.  I also want to go to Alaska. I've been wanting to take an Alaska cruise for a while now. I think that may be the first big vacation that my husband and I take. You can check out alaska cruises and travel at:  urlLink http://www.alaskatravel.com   Well, I guess I should get to drying my wet hair and go to weight watchers. I'll let y'all know how it goes...and if I hear anything from my job.  Signing off....  Current Mood.....crazy