The Christmas Card & New Year's Waltz   I subscribe to the belief that we all operate under a system of paradigms, a set of rules that guide us in all aspects of our lives; a road map if you may.  For most of us, those paradigms are so deeply instilled within us that we follow them without a second thought.  But what happens when those "road maps" do not reflect the true environment.  Do we have the courage and wisdom to redraw them?  With my last girlfriend, it took me a few weeks to figure out I was not in love with her.  It took us a few months later to decide to end it.  Unfortunately, the break up was quite bitter and draining.  I honestly thought a chinese partner would yield a more successful relationship, but we experienced all the same pitfalls as other couples do... perhaps even more.  So, how does this relate to my co-worker?  Before Christmas, a wise friend asked me if I had a choice between these two individuals, the now ex-girlfriend or co-worker, who I would choose.  My answer must be pretty obvious by now.  Days later, I made my feelings known to her in a Christmas card.  It was accompanied by a gift I carefully selected and packaged for her.  On Christmas Eve, I got an e-mail thanking me for the gift, but no mention of the card; not quite the response I was hoping for.  Things were already progressing with another love interest, so I quickly focused all my attention to her.  A weekend in Vancouver allowed us to be carefree and spontaneous.  The new experiences and unfamiliar surroundings helped bond and cement our relationship a bit more.  The rest is history.  As soon as New Year's came and went, I called up the co-worker wanting to tell her I was alright and that I was moving on.  Our communication never seemed forced, but I was frustrated each time I tried to broach the "attraction" issue. Like seasoned diplomats, we danced around the topic.  Her non-response to my card was difficult, but telling her about my new girlfriend was even more so.  So, we continued our usual "waltz" over the telephone lines, providing a summary update on eachother's holiday fun.  A couple minutes into the conversation, I brought up the Vancouver trip and my new girlfriend.  Almost as if she were in shock or disbelief, her voice fell silent.  I was overcome with a sense of guilt for even mentioning it.  To fill the silence, I began talking about how my girlfriend and I were good for eachother.  When she regained her composure, the questions to follow were a little more direct.  Before I could finish answering them all, we were interrupted by her father calling her on the other line.  She immediately had to go.  I sensed a bit of awkwardness between us over the phone call.  Unfortunately, I did not take the opportunity to confirm it.  Was I wrong to call her?  Was this news too personal to share?  I may have initially foist the issue into the spotlight, but telling her the news did not yield the relief I thought it would.  How did she really feel about this new revelation?  A friend commented that she might have perceived the news as a 'slight' for side-stepping the Christmas card topic.  Another suggested that I was "rubbing in" the fact that I was not single anymore.  A few weeks later, upon the Chinese Lunar New Year, I jokingly mentioned how our zodiological signs made us incompatible.  It was at that moment she responded with "I found someone".  As complicated as our communication was, I would not take back any kind or ill word that may have been spoken.  If anything, the our exchange had kept me thoroughly intrigued; on some days, it still does.  These days, our talks are very casual, most of the time never getting beyond "how are you?"  What other adventures are there in store?  More to come in part 3...