It is such a selfish, spoiled life we all live. I get so wrapped up in daily happenings and stresses and what I believe to be "tramas" of my life. It is all so insignificant.  Living on cement, a bane of my existance... and then to read of a woman who lived in a room smaller than a bedroom with eleven people, on bunkbeds three tiers high, with no heat... listening to mice eat within an earshot away.... Going on a diet, trying to feel more attractive within myself, when they had nothing but moldy bread and water that caused such disease... starving to death with clothes just draping over them...   Family surrounding me, living near me, that I do not spend hardly enough time with... when these people were ripped apart from their husbands and children...  Feeling "cheated" out of a fair income as a teacher, when these people were robbed of their every possession. Paying money to be put on a "special list" that they believed would save their lives, and in the end it did not.  Drawing a line of what I will and won't do for kids, as in staying after and volunteering my time to complete things that I make wait.. feeling that the more time I volunteer, the more I am saying, i will give without expectations for reinbursement... when she worked her every breathe to give friends, family and total strangers more comfort...worked until she passed out from fatigue...  It is amazing the spoiled lives we live in... and only want more for ourselves in such a selfish way.. feeling we deserve more. what more can we deserve? when we are healthy, surrounded by loved ones, fed, clothed, and free?  It is such an inspiring story... putting much needed perspective ... that somehow gets lost after time of living in such a materialistic society where things come first... and "no I in team" is a cliche to motivate people to do what is not already self motivated within...   Where free people feel grand enough as to martyr themselves in their daily CHOICES. The nerve to think that all that they possess in riches is not enough... it is disgusting. and i am guilty of it as much as the next person...  my manic behavior during thanksgiving... feeling that I have done enough, and unappreciated. it is crap. we all have our moments of ugliness and weakness of character, and there is no fault in having your turn.. but it boggles the mind.   Everytime I think "___________ is not enough. I want more" I am going to have to go back and reflect my thoughts of today. How blessed I am. How much more I can give to the world. Where my wealthy truely lies.  It is strange the clarity you feel after dragging yourself through an emotional pit. How much you yearn to reflect.. now much you hope your new ideas stick.. and stay with you.. and have a permanent impact on your life, and not just a fleeting thought.  The best thing I can give to myself is improving my outlook... to become a more positive thinking, and beliver. How much easier day to day functions become when you are believing yourself blessed. The increased patience, and understanding... compassion...  I think that is all I care to write for right now. I may come back to this later. Thanks for listening, if you made it this far. :)