..........     .........   ....  good weekend  ..........     .........   ....   Convinced myself to honor the sabbath out of a little bit of piety and a lot of exhaustion.  Slept 9 hours Friday night. (that hasn't happened in several months)  Had a great time watching and discussing  urlLink Bend it like Beckham  with Lynn Friday evening -- and we watched it again with the kids.    It's a perfect movie -- in that -- it works really well on this purely formulaic, popular, narrative level.   Indian girl tries to break from her parents expectations into a life full of futbol.  Makes a friend, alienates community, falls in love with coach in the process and...  i won't include a spoiler on the ending...  but its perfect, too, because it also works as this really nuanced commentary on the clash between post-colonial cultural theory and western liberal feminist theory.   I mean Really Really Well.   And its so ripe with the images of globalization that it makes your head spin....professional sports, airplanes everywhere, the ephemeral presence of Beckham and posh spice, america as the "promised land", white "liberal" suburban moms who think that having "a curry" for lunch = a cultural experience...  And then the next evening we watched  urlLink Whale Rider  (i know, i know, we're behind the times, but we live in mideast ohio and babysitting is too expensive).  And I was struck by the fact that in some ways its a very different answer to the same question...  Don't read on if you don't want a little bit of spoiling for BILB...  B/c Whale Rider asks the same question:  How does a woman find her way in a culture that doesn't have room for her?  How can any one person-on-the-margins balance fealty to their traditions *&* be everything that they are capable of?  But in this film -- instead of articulating the self over and against the culture -- the answer is to give all the strength that you have TO the culture -- but on your terms...  it seams together feminism and indigenous/traditional life in a much more harmonious relationship...  the role of cultural performance in BOTH is devastatingly central...can you see why i'm so obsessed with Garage sales & Tractor Pulls & Pageants & Preacher Boy Contests now?