Hello, all!  My life is incredibly interesting...at least on occasion...and thus, you should read my new blog everyday...at least on occasion.   But seriously, check this thing out.  I will do my best to provide some stimulating topics as often as possible, so read, think, disagree, post, etc..  I love the basic experience of life; there is always an adventure to be had, if you look for it, and my life always turns out to be interpreted as such.  Whether this means I actually have an interesting life, or I just interpret it as such, is another question, and perhaps one that I am incapable of answering.  One note: I reserve the right to interpret my life in any truthful manner that I find appropriate, interesting, and stimulating.    A bit about myself, for now, that will be filled in later.  My name is Kamran, and I was born in Tehran, Iran, in 1978, during the revolution.  I was raised in the US in the suburbs of the Twin Cities, and graduated high school in 1997.  Hated school, hated living in Eagan, and so I joined the Marine Corps immediately, became an infantry man (machinegunner), travelled quite a bit, and finished my contract in 2001, months before the 9/11 attack.  Travelled to Bemidji, Minnesota in the Fall, where I have been studying philosophy for 2.5 years.    I've loved philosophy since I read the first chapter of Plato's Republic in '97, and I have looked at the world through that filter since.  I love the university, traveling, and am always interested in stimulating experiences, even if they prove quite painful.  I live by Nietzsche's aphorism, "what does not destroy you, makes you stronger," so I intentionally do some pretty careless things in my social and academic worlds to spice it up a bit.    I have two primary circles of friends in Bemidji; one is relatively stable, trustworthy, and will always be there to support me.  My "best" friends are located there.  My other circle is a bit more chaotic, less unified in opinions, older and more permanent bonds, more prone to arguments and dissention, and is also a valuable part in my life.  There is some overlap, and some friends exist in neither world.   I was engaged once, about 1.5 years ago, and the consequences of that relationship still challenge me occasionally in this town.    At this point, I don't believe life has any universal meaning, and so I try to create my own.  This idea manifests itself in my life by treating life as an experiment; bad stuff may happen, or may be caused by myself, but that is acceptable and desired.  I try not to let my friends feel the pain on the way.  Well, there's a lot more to say, but I won't say it now.