I found out that "Aunt Mickey" passed away at 5pm yesterday at the Methodist Hospital in Dallas Texas due to the complications of a massive stroke.  I am not sure how my aunt got named Aunt Mickey but it stuck and that is what most people called her.  Aunt Mickey was 71 years old and her death comes as a sudden suprise and blow to all that knew her.   Apparently my aunt had a smaller stroke about a week ago and was put on blood thinners. For some reason she missed a doctors appointment and then a day or two ago she started having some problems with falling etc.  My first cousin Larry found her on the floor of her home on Saturday and my first cousin Debbie found her yesterday.  An ambulance was called and she was transported to a hospital in Terrell Texas.  Doctors there had her life flighted by air ambulance to the Methodist Hospital where they discovered that she was hemorraghing in the brain.  Life support measures had to be implemented to keep Aunt Mickey alive and I guess around 5pm yesterday her husband "Uncle Carl" gave permission to remove life support.    Aunt Mickey, Uncle Carl and Aunt Beth were three of my favorite relatives.  I remember several summers as I was growing up where I would stay with my Aunt Mickey and Uncle Carl in Terrel Texas.  My aunts and uncles were always very gracious, kind and loving towards me and my sister Tanya.  I have many fond memories of my aunts and uncle.   Aunt Mickey loved to laugh and when she did you could hear her through the entire house.  Aunt Mickey had  a huge heart with tons of love to give everyone.  I remember how I used to get up at 4:30 am with my Uncle Carl during the summer and would have coffee and biscuits with butter and honey.  Then we would pile into his Chevy Silverado pick up truck and go off to one of the job sites.  Uncle Carl was a home builder in Terrell Texas.  Uncle Carl liked to go play golf too.  One of my fond memories of Uncle Carl was that he taught me how to drive.  My dad just did not have the patience to teach me how to drive so Uncle Carl would take me to the school parking lot and put me behind the wheel of his truck and let me drive.  Uncle Carl had the patience of Job and tirelessly taught me this and that when he had the time to do so.    I will never forget the day that my grandmother died.  Aunt Mickey could be heard crying through the entire house that day.  My grandmother passed away back in 1980 when I graduated from High School.  I remember helping Aunt Mickey take care of my grandmother when I was staying there during the summer vacations from school in Quinlan Texas.  I can remember how my grandmother loved the Lord and how she saved my sister and I from many a whuppin from my dad.  My grandmother would stand between my sister and I and my dad and tell him to back off.  If it had not been for her I would have gotten more whuppins than I did.  LOL...    Glenna Hickson is survived by her husband (my uncle) Carl Hickson and her daughter Debbie English and son Larry Hickson.  Debbie English lives in Kaufman Texas and Larry Hickson lives in Terrell Texas.  Glenna Hickson is also survived by my Aunt Beth aka Beth Aldridge who lives in Quinlan Texas.  Beth Aldridge is 81 years old and I have many fond memories of visiting her during my childhood.  Beth Aldridge is the last remaining sibling on my dads side of the family.  I know that I know that I know that I have forgotten lots of neices and nephews and other relatives that I have long since forgotten about.  When I get a copy of the obituary I will post it here so that you can read it.    I am hopeful that I can find a way to go to the funeral this week.  Arrangements are being made as I write this and I am thinking that they are planning to have it on Wed which means I have a LONG drive ahead of me.  I figured out it is 1100 miles or 17 hours one way.  Whew, that is a LOT of driving folks.    My Aunt Mickey was a believer in Jesus Christ so that means that she is in a much better place now than she was a week ago.  That also means that she will have an opportunity to see other family members who have gone on before her.  I love you Aunt Mickey, you will always be in my mind and heart.  Give our Jessica and your Doug and Randy a hug for me.   Love always, your nephew Jimmy Moffitt.....