More About Men   Juan.  Cyberdate #5.  Smart.  Funny.  Interesting.  33.  Overweight.  I'm so f*ing shallow.  We talked for three hours straight.  I even kissed him a little.  And then made out a little in the parking lot after they closed the restaurant on us.  He told me I'm beautiful, sexy.  Held my hands across the table.  We shared food.  Why, oh why can't the physical reality have just a little more synchrony with the intellectual reality?  Michael got so fat during our marriage.  I remember the  moment  I saw that he wasn't just a little overweight, but fat.  He was laying on his side, shirt off, in bed, and his back was so fat.  At that moment, what little desire I'd ever had for him evaporated.  Poof.  So I have issues with fat.  Maybe I just need to sleep with a chubby guy who can keep up with me in a conversation, and see if, maybe, it was just Michael.  If, maybe, chubby can be cute and cuddly, and not just a matter of not caring enough about MY needs to take care of himself.  Hmmm, but he's also short.  What if he has a  really small penis ?  Andrea told me that, during a makeout session, you reach down and get a feel of the goods before you commit to sex.  That way, if he's not well-hung, you can bow out before things get too far.  I remember a man who was  just too small .  Kevin.  Huge crush.  It was about six years from the commencement of said crush to consummation of the act.  During the act (and, in my defense, I was very drunk), I have a clear memory of asking, "Is it in?  Are you hard?"  Yes to both was the unfortunate conclusion.  A dick like that (picture, if you will, my pinky finger, erect).  *sigh*  My therapist would say I'm overthinking, and would remind me that  I'm not supposed to be doing that  according to his most recent prescription.  I'm also supposed to have taken three boxes full of old life shit to the Salvation Army by now, but I haven't done that either.  Can't wait to see therapist guy on Tuesday.  *sigh*  Therapist guy.  What great rapport.  If he weren't married, and I weren't in therapy...well, I like his type.  But that's definitely not a gainful thought direction, because, no matter how attractive he is, the fact is, the therapy is just too good to ruin.  Transition guy:  we're seeing a movie on Thursday.  Speaking of therapeutic prescriptions, my prescription to myself is to see a movie with him, but  no sex .  That being said, if he makes the first move, well, it is ovulation week, and I just can't be responsible for nature's call.  Especially when I KNOW it will be so good.  So many of the important people in my life are men.  Gabriel is today's obsession.  I took him and two of his buddies to see Harry Potter, then for ice cream afterwards, for his 9th birthday.  Which was all great.  But I forgot to take my medicine today, so I'm worried.  Worried about how it will go for him at school next year.  Homework and tests are going to be a gigantic deal, after kindergarten through third grade at a touchy-feely Waldorf school.  And  I do not like  that The Ex has shacked up with Connie and her kids.  What if the kids aren't nice to him.  What if they give him what he may so richly deserve in terms of sibling-style behavior modification treatment?  He's a Very Sensitive Boy, and I'm worried that there's just too much change for his little psyche to absorb in the past year.  Divorce.  Dad shacking up.  School change.  Shit, two of those on the list are my doing.  Damnit.  What I'm coming to here is, if this year really fucks him up, it's mostly my fault.  Amy's prescription on this matter:  to provide such a rich and wonderful home life with me that it will more than compensate for the shit he has to tolerate otherwise.  I'm not sure I've got that kind of energy.  I mean, basically, I've become a very me-oriented person.  I spent 17 years being Michael's Wife.  7-1/2 of those years, I was also Gabriel's Mother.   It's my turn.   But that's not how parenthood works, is it?  Nope, it's  their  turn until -- well, forever.  Or, at least, until I marry him off, and it becomes Her Turn.  Good thing I didn't sleep well last night.  Even with all this on my mind, I should still be able to sleep tonight.  Said  urlLink Gwen :  "I only want to sleep with men who love me."  OK, Juan is probably close enough to sleep with.  He seems to be moving, emotionally, rather quickly.  I don't have to move at his speed, but if I take Gwen's mantra to heart, I can sleep with him without being in love.  If I don't use it soon, it may dry up, right?  Hey, this overthinking stuff  could  get me laid.  And that's a good thing.