I'm going to create my first proper entry right now for those bored enough to follow my journey. I'm going to write it even though I'm captivated with the IGIA Air-O-Sage air massage boots commercial.  Here's the condensed version of what has happened so far:    November 2003  - Allison applies for JET    February 2004  - Allison is rejected by JET    February 2004  to  March 2004  - Allison applies for various jobs. Allison starts getting discouraged. The terms "eikaiwa" and "cram school" start to leave a terrible taste in Allison's mouth    March 2004  - Allison applies for a position with  urlLink FIA Japan  after seeing an advertisement in the Toronto Star and  urlLink Workopolis     April 2004  - Allison has her interview with FIA Japan - Allison is offered a position with FIA Japan (yay!)    May 2004  - Allison gets her diploma early from the  urlLink registrar's office  after much badgering - Allison submits her work visa application and contracts    June 2004  - Allison graduates. Check out her matronly shoes:   - Allison books her flight to depart on June 29 - Allison continues to wait for the work visa certificate so she can bring her passport to the Japanese consulate   Obstacles along the way: requesting the diploma early (way more of a pain in the ass than I'd anticipated), squeezing the work visa process into such a constrained time period - I'm going to remain optimistic and hope it squeaks through in exactly four weeks. Wishful thinking I guess, but whatever.  Bureaucratic stuff I took care of this month: extending my OHIP coverage into Japan (a shockingly painless process), submitting blood and urine tests to my doctor as well as undergoing a full physical so I could get a letter saying I'm in good health (I finally pick the letter up on Monday), getting my eyes checked to update prescriptions.  That's all I can think of at the moment.  In the midst of all this was a glorious May 24 weekend at Doug's Cottage,  urlLink Sarah's visit to Toronto , social appointments with high school friends, university friends, and all the friends inbetween.  I'm going to also note that while this may look impressive on paper, I have done almost nothing throughout May and June. I've squandered virtually all of these two months sleeping until 1:00 PM, watching tv, surfing the internet, and occassionally taking breaks to pee.  But at long last, the anticipation is finally building! A week and a half left...