For the first assignment of the course, I've decided to phrase my reaction to Bates' article on 'Restructuring the University for Technological Change' as opposed to our thoughts on instructional design. Having some experience in working with a public university in Malaysia in adopting e-learning as a means for program delivery, I feel that this assignment will be a good reflection of my thoughts and observations from the university perspective.   Before that however, there are two questions to address:   What underlying principles do you use when preparing teaching/learning materials?  For the most part, I am a proponent of content aggregation, preferring to compile learning materials from a variety of sources and allowing students the freedom to review those they find most relevant. I am disinclined to lean towards one source as I find that in most areas of study, the value of the learning process is a result of the distilling of a spread of information of different purposes and slants. The same applies to teaching materials, of which I use only as a guide, to allow for a structured lesson to ensure that all required syllabus areas are broached within the time frame alotted (particularly for a face-to-face session). It is however inevitable that certain sources are 'emphasised' over others, particularly when the subject matter is more objective than subjective.   Do you rely on any theoretical frameworks to assist you in this preparation?  I am unsure actually, of whether my lesson preparation is based on any existing theoretical frameworks simply for lack of exposure. An underlying 'theory' constantly used will however be a learner-centred approach where learner understanding takes priority over preset lesson plans. Teaching guides are used to assist but the pace and scope of the teaching will echo with the learners' immediate feedback, within reason.   Having read Bates' article, I have to say that for the most part, the points and arguments reflect very typical issues and problems faced by universities when tasked with adopting e-learning (in whatever forms). However, the context of the article is written with the author's experience at the University of British Columbia (UBC) and thus may not apply to newer universities where technological change is more easily embraced.   First of all, I believe that the impetus to adopt technology is no more an option for any university. Communications technology, primarily computers are for the most part an integral component in the course of study, rather than an option. The Internet being the first resource stop nowadays, whether in study or in work, requires at least a basic knowledge and understanding of computers and key software (e.g. browsers). It is easy to gauge the importance of computers simply by the virtue that its absence is more noticeable than its presence. It is easy for me to agree then that 'intelligent application of technology can improve learning'. It is the question of in what way can technology improve learning, and that requires a reflection into the goals and roles of the university and their intended aims to allow a better address.   When I was working with a local public university, the main drive behind their interest in pursuing an e-learning delivered solution for a range of Master degree programs was so that they could reach a larger student base, higher than the university could admit on campus. With the plans for e-learning being on the drawing boards and meeting agendas for awhile, it took the contracting of a third party company to get things moving. Even with a fully wired campus and satellite high speed Internet access, the IT Department didn't have the clout nor the ability to go beyond the hardware and software into a learning solution they could use. Bates highlighted this relatively common dilemma, stating that universities sometimes over emphasise technology and neglect the people infrastructure, and/or the overall vision and strategy which should precede the adoption of technology.   Similarly, with the decision for the use of learning technologies being made at the upper management, the actual academic body who will be at the working end of the technology was left both in the dark and without a forum for views. Basically, the experience I had with the university and the initial steps clearly highlights the issues that Bates elaborated, particularly with regards to the organisation, vision, goals and overall implementation.   There are however noticeable exclusions. Bates iterated that 'computer technology is a major issue' for students. For the most part, most students in tertiary education here in Malaysia expect computers to be an integral part of the learning process, and they prepare for it by usually owning a computer themselves. Government campaigns spearheading computer ownership with discounts, rebates, and loan schemes has helped in the provision of the basic computing hardware for the majority of society but I believe it is essentially an IT embracing generation that is the main reason for this.   The summary of my reaction to Bates' observations on the dilemma facing a conventional university in e-learning adoption is one of mixed perspectives. It is in my opinion that most universities are just too steeped in bureaucracy and with funds limited and disbursed, it is difficult to establish a coherent and supported e-learning strategy for the long term. In my experience, the transfer of responsibility and executionary role to a third party company with the skills, expertise, and ability to implement quickly and effectively can effectively aid in the initial setup but it will still require a great deal of investment on the side of the university in terms of the people infrastructure. The challenge being the establishment and maintenance of an e-culture, designed in line with the vision and expectations of the technology while not neglecting the learning values that is hoped to be realised.