Today was my first day on the University of Hawaii Manoa Campus. I left with the other Norwegian girls at 8am and caught the bus. It kind of scary as we were not too sure where to go. I had a map and remembered some instructions Kerri-Ann had given me, so that was a start. We walked for what seemed for ages. The sun burning our skin as we treked along the road. Almost there we stopped at the University Health Services. We knew we had to get a check up there so we decided to get over and done with before getting to Rosemary's office. I was really unsure about the testing because of the baby. The nurse reassured me it was safe. They gave me a test in the skin for Tuberculous and they also gave me a blood test for the measles. After the blood test, I was faint, I collapsed on the floor out cold. I didn't remember how it happened, I just opened my eyes and I felt myself breathing so heavily. I was felt hot and was sweating. I had two nurses near me, one raising my legs and the other holding my hand and checking my pulse. I couldn't move, they eventually got me up into a wheelchair and took me to a bed to lie down and check me. I fell side ways, so the baby was okay. They checked me over, my blood pressure before letting me go. I didn't feel the best after that. I have a bruise on my arm from the blood test. I thought to myself later, if I can't handle a blood test, how am I going to handle labour, it makes me laugh. But the nurse said it is not uncommon for pregnant women to feel faint, especially seen as though I have just arrived and am adjusting in here to the climate etc.  After we left the health service we went to meet our International Exchange Officer Rosemary. She was so lovely, she gave me a warm hug when she saw me. She later told me that Sam and I would be the first Aboriginal Students from Australia to study here, and it made me feel important and special. It is a huge opportunity for people like us from our backgrounds. Rosie gave us a check list of things we needed to complete for enrolment. We set off in different directions, I was alone as I had different majors than the rest of the group.  My emotions were mixed all day. I think the fall had put me off, and I was less confident. I struggled to get a dollar bill into a vending machine to get a drink. I guy who appeared to be helpful offered to exchange coins with me for my note. What I realised after he walked away, that he duped me. He gave me 2 quarter dollars and 2 five cent pieces instead of 4 quarters. I was so thirsty and it really annoyed me, I think it was intentional you know. I forgot about it and walked towards the International Student Services to complete some paper work over there. Again I got frustrated as I didn't have everything yet, I needed this, and I couldn't do that until I got this, etc etc, and I started to get upset as I felt like I didn't know what I was doing. I walked away, and thought I will try and get some money so I can atleast get organised for my health plan. The bank was a joke, they wouldn't cash all my travellers cheques, and then they wanted to charge me for this etc and that etc, so I just got my money and left.  I walked outside across the park, and I felt helpless. What had I achieved, it was after 1pm and I had been at the uni since 8:8am and had got nothing finished. I decided to pay Kerri-Ann a visit. I needed to see her about subjects and registering, but more than anything, I just needed a familiar face. As I entered her office, she stood up and reached out for me. It was just what I needed, a big hug. I held her as I felt tears well in my eyes. I fought them back, and I didn't want to show her I was too sad. I explained what I needed to do, and she agreed to help me. But first things first, she took me to one of her favourite restaurants. It was great, and immediately I started to feel better. We ate at California Pizza at Ala Moana. We sat and talked, and it was the first time I really got to open up to Kerri-Ann about myself. I needed to talk to her, and she was such an attentive listener. I felt so drawn to her. When I listen to her talk, I hear the passion in her voice, the sincerity and the emotion. It moves me. I want to be just like her. Her voice has more power than I think she realises. I have always looked at Joe Fraser my old lecturer and Leanne King my lecturer and year coordinator for strength. Although the age gaps, they all inspire me. I look at them and I feel like I can do it. I want that PhD and I want to be able to write, write the truth and tell the real stories of Aboriginal people like them and me.  Coming to Hawaii was about learning more about myself, and another culture and people. I have always believed you learn to look more inside yourself when you step outside your usual surroundings.  After lunch Kerri-Ann and I settled my subject choices. We couldn't register them so I will have to return to her tomorrow to check on it. I came back to the hotel and have felt exhausted. I had a little nap, and talked to Hege about her day. It is good to offload to someone else, as well as hear about how her experience is for her as well.  Tomorrow will be day 2 of getting enrolled. Lets see how that goes.