we didnt do much last night. not much at all. we ate supper and then just sat around in the caferteria talking for two hours, then Chris and i used the internet for a while. (Matt, Sarah, and Jodie went to see  Anchorman , but i HATE Will Farrel so i didnt go). after that, it was back to the cafeteria for more sitting and talking. woo hoo! then, we went to the games room, where Chris played piano (man he's good... out of the three Twinkle Twinkle Little Stars he knows, the sad version is the best... it is also HORRIBLY DEPRESSING lol. he also plays this really happy song that makes us laugh every time LOL) ... CHRIS'S RASH UPDATE (becuase you care):  its going away! lol..... while Chris piano-ed it up, i taught Barbara to play pool (because IM a big expert HAHA)... we tied 3-3 games... she won two when i accidentally sunk the 8ball, but she actually did win one!... then Matt came back and beat me, but then I beat Pamela, so i was 50% for the night... good enough! LOL yesterday was the halfway point, so its 17 days down and 17 to go (ok, now there are only 16.5 days to go lol)     this morning was our mid-session exam. it went ok i guess, i really have no idea. we also had an oral exam, which was basically talking to the teacher for like 2 minutes. she asked us to describe our family, tell her if we like the campus, say what you want to be when you grow up, and how you will continue applying yourself in French after the program. after 4 questions, she said "Merci" (Thank You, juts in case ya didnt know) and i was like "oh, shes just thanking me for answering the question" but then she said it again, and i was like "oh my god, its over ALREADY??"     we dont have much planned for today. this afternoon, we have to go a a manditory fair, at which we get to play free games to win prizes, such as sparying an animateur with whipped cream LOL. this evening, we are going to WalMart to develop our pictures. there are lots of other stores near the WalMart too, so im sure we'll go looking (but i CANT buy things!)     au revoir!