Here it is on Monday.  I don't think I have to work today.  Well I might have to but I'm not going to unless they call me on my cell phone.  I left the house at around noon and they hadn't called me as of yet so I don't feel bad about skipping out, if in fact that is the case. This was a good weekend.  Friday wan't anything crazy but it was fun.  I hung out with Hey-sook til the early ours of the morning.  I've found out WABA is pretty much dead and dead.  We went to eat Sam-gyup sal at another restaurant and come to find out they had WABA's chairs.  So we asked as to how this came to be and what the future of WABA looked like.  Well it doesn't look good and we'll just leave it at that.   Saturday was a full can of worms to say the least.  I had work at Chil-gok.  This really isn't that bad at all, in fact I enjoy the change in scenery.  I was dressed up in black pants and whatnot b/c I thought we were going to Arabian Nights, but this was not to be the case.  Work was a breeze, only 5 classes.  I hooked it up with Caleb and we hopped a taxi down to Daegu station and grabbed Gumi James.  We then went to VIPS and pigged out like no tomorrow.  VIPS is price but damn is it good.  For those of you who don't know it's an all you can eat western style buffet.  We could barely move afterward.  We then went to a party.  I Gumi and I really didn't know anyone we just went with Caleb.  I was nice and coozy but a little too tame for given the fact I didn't know any of them and I wasn't going to put much effort forth to meet them.  Gumi and I split.  He hit up TC and I bumped into Hey-sook again as she was downtown.  Then the two of us went to Bellagio.  I'll cover what happened at TC first even though I wasnt' there.  Now Tim was the one who was really pushing to go to Arabian Nights but I'd tried to call him and I couldn't get a hold of him so he never told me he didn't want to go this weekend.  None of us knew what happened to him but turns out he ended up at TC drinking like mad.  By the time Gumi got there he was trashed and asked Gumi to buy him a drink that would "fuck him up."  Well apparently Gumi did just that.  They each did a shot of 151.  Not 5 seconds later Tim was running for the bathroom when about half way up the stairs he lost it.  Then again on the bathroom floor and again in the sink.  Gumi was nice enough to throw him in a cab and send him home.  I called him the next day and he seemed to be doing fine.  I had to tell him about the whole thing as he didn't remember any of it.  But no permanent damage was done.   So Bellagio was fun but not nearly that interesting.  We sat at the bar and shot the shit.  I haven't been there in a little time so it was good to see Connan and all.  I also ended up talking to the other bartender named Xess.  He confessed that he was jealous that I always said hello and good-bye to Connan and that he wanted to be my friend b/c I was handsome and nice.  Man I love this country, at least at times like this I do.  We ended up getting one free round as well.  Xess threw away a napkin I had made into a flower for Hey-sook on accident, he didn't know it was a flower, just looked like a napkin.  Anyway I think the free drink was the opportunity to strike up a conversation.  So it was a good time.  After that we headed to Funkaholic where we met back up with Caleb and Gumi.  Gumi had managed to pick up two girls on his way here.  He ended up dumping one of them off on me.  We promised to eat sam-gyup sal sometimes and then I ran away.  Funkaholic is actually pretty cool and seems to have realy picked up.  There were a hell of a lot of people there.  We then split out and headed over to GR.  Now I was waiting outside alone and while I was waiting there was a group of GI's attempting not to kick the shit out of each other.  They were drunk and one of the guys was intent on starting something with one of the other guys.  At this point it's about 3 am and I'm wondering what the hell is up with the military curfew.  I when Caleb came out we left.  I have not inclination to be around those boobs.   GR was pretty rocking.  We were there for only about an hour but it was great fun.  I was about to say there weren't many foreigners but that would be wrong.  What I will say is there weren't many forgien Engish teachers.  What was there were plenty of GI's and the Pak attack from hell.  I've seen Pakis at this place before but not like Saturday night.  Asma be glad you weren't there.  You would have been forced into marraige, killed or something.  Now here is the best part, it enough to just be there an dancing but they overran the stage.  I think there were like 5 over them on stage at some point.  Wild.  We closed out GR and then Hey-sook went home.  Caleb, GJ and I then headed to BB.  This place was packed like no tomorrow.  It was hopping but half the guys in there were GIs and I just have to confess I don't want to hang out or be around these guys, and they were everywhere.  At this point GJ and I went to get some food leaving Caleb to do his thing.  We got some food at the place we always eat at come that hour of the morning.  Food was good and about 30 minutes later Caleb shows up with his umbrella which has been beaten to hell.  At this point he's pretty riled up b/c he ran into KY(his ex-girlfriend) and had been hitting shit with his umbrella on the way to the restaurant.  I thought he was drunk out of his mind but turns out he wasn't as drunk as I thought, I figured this out a little later.  So he's being all loud and eating all the food with his hands.  I tell the old lady running the place it's cool he's our friend.  We leave and then Caleb proceeds to beat the living shit out of a metal ramp with what is left of his umbrella.  After completeing this he chunked it down into the enterance of Flair Bar.  At this point I still think he's drunk so I go get it b/c I figure he'll regret doing that once sobber.  I get the umbrella and come back to find Caleb bowing to a penis balloon promising never to mistreat it again.  At this point Gumi James heads for the train station and Caleb and I got to find KY.  So we had messaged her and she finally messaged back.  We were walking back to BB, and this is where things get really interesting, when we pass two GI's.  One is bleeding profusly from the back of his head and the other is helping his friend along and holding napkins to prevent further blood loss.  As we pass the guy who was fucked up he says with a drunken stupid grin "I got hit with a beer bottle."  Well good for him.  So we get back to BB.  We'll hang here til we figure out where KY is.  There is all kinds of commotion going on outside since there was obviously a big fight.  It was all between GIs too.  They are bragging and yelling and whatever the hell else.  I attempt to find out what happened.  From what I gather someone's friend got sucker punched and then some girl got hit so some other guys ganged up on this dude then someone else.....whatever.  So we wait.  We're chilling by the enterance while one of the guys involved in the fight is being all cool and talking to some girl, then out of nowhere one of the guys involved earlier walks up and knocks the shit out of this guy.  Caught him totally off gaurd and knocked him the fuck out.  You see movies where people just exchange punches one after the other but that couldn't be further from the truth.  This guy crumbled like house of cards.  He wasn't a small guy either, but then again niether was the guy who nailed him.  So the first guy gets hit and goes down, out cold.  The second guy then jumps on him and pounds him and starts yelling something about his friend this and that.  First thing I do is grab Caleb and move.  This all trnaspired about 3 feet away from us.  Some other GIs break it up and the guy goes inside.  I've never seen anyone get knocked out before but it was a pretty sobbering experiance.  So then all kinds of needless crazy drama takes place with people threatening to kick other peoples's asses, talk about calling the cops and MPs.  I have to say I've honestly never been so ashamed to be American in my life.  This is how other countries see us.  This is there impreession of us.  They see our military go out get drunk, cause problems and beat the shit out of each other.  Man, I went home on a really low note.  These are the people who are "protecting the free world."  Where the hell is curfew?  I really hope it was a one weekend pass thing or something b/c I dread spending any other Saturday nights out with these guys.  Enough said about that. Like I said Caleb and I moved and he was propped up on the hood of a car.  We waited but KY never messaged back.  Caleb seemed pretty sober and wanted to eat with some people from Chil-gok so I went ahead and rolled home.  I will say there is never a dull moment in Korea.  I hope I didn't forget anything.