GAIL SAID:  I couldn't resist responding to your "E-mail as a propaganda tool" e-mail.    Technology has, of course, been employed for propaganda for some time. The Nazis were quite adept at recognizing the power of new technologies for the purpose of propaganda and manipulated multiple technologies to disseminate their message. Radio, airplanes, and even television comprised mediums by which the Nazis successfully propagated their ideology. Modern political parties similarly employ whatever technology furthers their ends.  Computers have added a new dimension to the propaganda game through websites, newsgroups, and, following the train of advertising which is in itself a form of propaganda, those immeasurably annoying pop-up ads. Thus far, however, the use of e-mail as propaganda has seemed to consist mostly of a grassroots movement. Case in point, Anne-Marie passed on a couple of e-mails from individual citizens who took the time to express and collect like-minded political views. Although the technology of the medium itself is advanced, i.e. computers and the world wide web, the dispersal strategy is an old one: essentially chain mail. You send it to someone. And they pass it on to five friends. And so on. And so on.   How effective is a chain letter?   You tell me. Back in the "good ole days" of snail mail (for those old enough to remember them), did you ever forward a chain letter? I don’t recall actually having received one, but knowing myself as I do, I likely would not have sent it on.   Do I forward chain letters that I receive now over the Internet? No. I may read them depending strictly upon the subject matter. But essentially I treat them as junk mail. They inundate my mailbox and, more significantly, consume valuable time to peruse. My "real" mail compels lengthy enough consideration and response; the burden of unsolicited information, regardless of its content, annoys me boundlessly.   To forward an e-mail or not to forward? That is not a question. My rationale for not forwarding is one of empathy: I am caught on the receiving end of this time-consumer, why on earth would I visit it upon anyone I know?   Perhaps that is why e-mail has yet to be exploited by major players in the political world as a medium for propaganda. They recognize that it has quite limited potential and hence remains a grassroots form of dispensing information. Of course, there is always bulk mailing and undoubtedly, as soon as someone figures out how to automatically forward junk e-mail to everyone in your mail box propaganda by e-mail will reach its saturation point.