This has been quite an interesting weekend.  Today I went to my good friend Meggan's wedding.  It was an Applebee reunion and it was nice seeing some of my old friends.  The wedding was pretty thought provoking for me.  Concerning religion and ritual and symbolism in religion.   Catholic Wedding.  My first real Catholic wedding, and my first real glimpse at Catholic services as an adult.  I went to a Catholic church once when I was in middle school.  I thought it was beautiful - the service, the communion, the building, the formality.  After that I had a positive feeling towards Catholicism - I also have grandparents that are as Catholic as can be and a very close friend who is a strong Catholic.  By strong Catholics, I mean that they don't just call themselves Catholic because they go to church.  They take God very seriously and go deeper.    After witnessing what I did today in church though, I wasn't left with such a pleasant taste.  I see how ritual can make things empty and how the symbolism of the religion can be easily lost on people.  I don't know how to explain it really.  I've always thought that Catholics are Christians, as long as they follow Jesus as God's son and their savior.  I still do feel this way.  I guess I see Catholicism as a way that some people choose to express their Christian spirituality, but I also see that a lot of people choose it as a way to feel "heavenbound" when they really aren't.  The other big part of today is that I now have roomates Jen and Eric moved in today and we now have a lot of food and two cats!  This will be an experience but I know it will a good one.   Tonight we all watched the movie the Butterfly Effect.  I wasn't expecting to like it 1) It is called a thriller and I don't like scary movies 2) It is a popular advertised "hollywood" movie 3) It has Ashton Kutcher in it But I really did like it.  The whole idea behind it was kind of cool and it kept me interested.  I wouldn't watch it again or anything but I liked it while watching it.  Now it is late so I should go to bed.  The wonderful thing about right now is that I don't have to set the alarm tomorrow - no agenda for the day.  That's a wierd feeling and a good one.