Since I started blogging and finding my way around, there are a few things that I noticed. First, Filipinos have the capacity to put any technological breakthrough to its fullest advantage.  Ex. cell phone texting.  While I was in Canada a few years back, I noticed that they have not yet caught up with the Filipino fad.  They need to talk to someone, they call.  Never texted.  Another example is blogging. Just like texting, it is becoming a fad as more and more Filipinos here and abroad get into the habit of putting their musings on this electronic journal.  Lastly, that most of these bloggers are young and extremely intelligent.  The blogging community is rife with young intellectuals who can make a big difference in the future.    A big part of why the economy is at a downfall is because of our monstrous debt.  It is so huge I cannot imagine how many roomful of money is needed to pay our debt.   To even think that the Philippines can ever pay it is now unthinkable.  I have reason to believe that we will only need to borrow some more to be able to pay a part of it.   The economy  is so bad that it has often been said that even my children's children already has a burden of paying the country's foreign obligations.    Now comes my idea.  Our country is one of the most populated countries in the world.  What if we start collecting a peso from each individual to help our country pay its debt? Surely, anyone can spare a peso.  With our depleted economy, a peso amounts to nothing anymore.  If I can make this work, surely, there would be more and more individuals who can donate more. Bayi,  urlLink Cathy  and  urlLink Batjay , that will be $1 each for the three of you. Sorry but while the magic number 1 is constant, the monetary sign is not. That goes with other expats as well.  urlLink Doc Emer  pwedeng magbigay ng Php100, ha. hehehe   In one of my exchange of ideas with  urlLink Chris  in  urlLink Sassy's  comment box, I asked him this question.  "What can we do?" Bloggers, I don't know how to set it up or if it's even possible.  Maybe you have better ideas.  I'm willing to listen and abandon this if yours is a better one.  Right now, I urge you all to think.  Our predecessors, especially our leaders,  have failed us.  It is time we help ourselves.