I am muchly pleased with my new Blogness, henceforth I have decided to make up some new wordage to celebremate this glorifous eventage. Ok enough of that. So! Last night... Drive Thru... 4 bands...9 quid... one great evening. I waited with great anticipation for this year's "Next Big Thing" Hidden In Plain View, and was thoroughly disappointed. They tried a little too hard to be just like Finch and yet be chirpy at the same time, without having the emotion, tuning or timing of aforementioned band.   Official opinion:  "Developing". But if they carry on the way they are, destined to be every emo band's support until emo goes out of fashion.  And of course, The Early November were a stunning example of newly created genre (made up by me) emo-pop-punk-rock, being everything from brutal to sensitive in the space of a half-hour set. Wonderful.  Official opinion:  "Exceeding targets". Way outperformed HIPV and really set the standard for the headliners. Very deserving of the newly-invented(by Sean) Ceff's Seal of Approval, cannot wait for their own tour.  As the lights went down and a large, circular space formed in the middle of the pit, my heart rate began to increase and I started to shake. Memories of the last Home Grown sprang to mind and I began to wonder whether standing by the bar would be a better option. But after two fantastically executed examples of pop-punk, I thought "What the hell. If you can't beat them, join them" and so I did. And had a fab time bouncing around with Sean, surviving the occasional scary moment and generally enjoying myself.   Official Opinion:  "Great". We met the lead singer and he was very appreciative of me coming to all three of Home Grown's Birmingham gigs. Really nice guy, great songs and despite the scary following, I still think they're gonna be huge.  By this time, due to technical (or, as HG put it, "testicle") problems, it's 10.15 and Allister still haven't arrived onstage. Not good for Sean, who has to leave at 10.30, and not good for me, who has no one to hang out with after Sean leaves. The band finally arrived at 10.20 and played a measly 3 songs before Sean had to leave, to my disappointment. Afterwards, however, they put on a good clean show and really showed off their talents and gave a really tight performance. Great stuff!  Ceff x   Somewhere down on Fullerton, there's a place we used to go to get away from it all...