Ok, Haloscan is nice especially since it is  free.  However, I do not get  email notification  of  WHEN  someone leaves a  comment on one of my blog entries .  That sort of bites...  Oh well, maybe one day when finance pick up a little bit I can afford to upgrade to their premium service and get all the bells and whistles...  New England Patriots are favored as winners by 6 points against the Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII.  Silly people... Dont they know that the Panthers are going to BURY the Patriots under a rock.... LOL....  I am off Monday and I am SO looking forward to it.  What am I going to do on my day off?  I borrowed a pressure washer from a friend and I am planning on washing all the green junk off of this trailer.  The trailer has been LONG over due for a bubble bath.  I probably wont have any bubbles but the pressure washer will knock that junk right off of it.  Wahoooo  the house will go from GREEN to GREY in a matter of hours.  Neat huh?  Monday night is always a treat since that is the night that I attempt to hit the head pin and knock down all 10 pins at once.  Last week I bowled a 156 average in three games and the week before I bowled a 152 average.  Considering that I have a 129 average for the League I am getting better as time progresses.  Too cool!!  My goal is to bowl several games over 200 so I can add to my ABC patch collection.    Have you ever used Incredimail?  Go to http://www.incredimail.com and download their email client.  A friend of mine is using it and has had a lot of FUN with it.  So, I was encouraged to give it a try.  The last time I used it I had some technical difficulties that I just decided not to live with so I went back to Outlook.  I still have everything backed up in Outlook and I still like the PIM functionality of the application so it will never go away completely.  Incredimail is cool because it has all sorts of email stationary, animations etc etc.  Check it out!!  Captain Kangaroo died at the age of 76.  Children all over the world are mourning that death.  Ok, maybe not children today, perhaps the baby boomers are feeling the grief more?  I found out today that the Martian rover is having hardware and software failures.  Apparently the darn thing must be running American hardware and the Operating System must be Microsoft Windoze.  LOL...  They are saying that the darn thing has been rebooting itself 60 times in a specific time period.  I forget what the time period is but I wonder if it has a screen that shows the Blue Screen of Death every time it goes to reboot itself?  I think the project cost something along the lines of 4 million dollars.  That figure seems sort of low actually.  Anyway, what a shame.  We landed it, it crawled off the launch pad , sent back some cool pictures, sampled some soil and found evidence of water and then died.....  I wonder if the second rover that is about to land will die as quickly?  I hope it had Linux Redhat installed on it and not Mickeysoft.....  Have you purchased The Purpose Driven Life book yet?  If not, why not?  LOL....  Wow, this is an incredible book... I highly recommend it to ANYONE that wants to give their spiritual walk a super charged boost.  How many books do you read, put on the bookshelf and then forget the contents or worse yet do not allow the contents to change you for the better?  Does that sound like something we do to our bibles?  We take it off the shelf, dust it off and then take it to church every Sunday.  What do we do with it during the other 6 days of the week?  Does what we read in the pages of our bible change us from the inside out ?    Once you have finished the 40 Days of Purpose in the Purpose Driven life book then I would recommend your picking up a copy of the Purpose Driven church.  I am reading that book as well and while it is geared for pastors and lay leadership everyone in the church ought to read it.