Well here I am in Korea after some seriously long traveling.  I have to say it is really good to be back.  Currently I'm in a part of the city called Bangchon.  It is about the same distance from downtown as I was before but going the other direction on the subway.  I'm not sure how this part of town stacks up to Sangin yet.  I woke up around 6:30 and did a little more settling in and then went out for a walk.  I had to find something to eat and a PC bang to e-mail people and tell them I'm alive.  I guess I must have taken a wrong turn somewhere but I walked for nearly 30 minutes without being able to find a place eat or a PC bang.  That is nuts.  Well I finally made my way to a more developed street where I had some breakfast and I'm currently sitting in a PC bang.  My place seems nice enough.  It isn't clear yet if I'm making out better or worse then my last apartment.  On the plus side the kitchen and common area are nice.  On the down I think my room might be a just a bit smaller then before.  The bathroom really sucks.  That is my biggest gripe by far.  Something I'm still out to lunch about is my tv situation.  I have a TV a remote and cable.  But the only problem is that I can't turn the TV off with the remote, only the cable box.  While not horrible it is annoying.  Having cable is cool but now I have to relearn all the channels again.  My roommate is a guy named Stephen Powers from New Zealand.  We chit-chatted a little last night and he seems like a good guy.  I am really close to work so I'm a bit pumped about that.  I still need to find a gym.  I guess I am on somewhat of the right schedule.  I went to bed last night woke up in the morning, so all I have to do is make it through today without passing out at work.  If I can do that I think it will go a long way to getting me adjusted.  If you're reading this you probably live in Korea so come this weekend we need to go out and get crazy drunk.  Stuff has been very low key for me since I've been gone, so this needs to be remedied.  Well I'm thinking on going down to Sangin today and picking up some stuff I left behind and seeing some people at the gym I used to go to.  After that I'll just come back and try to make it through a day of work.  Hope to see all you guys soon.