So it is Monday yet again.  Well at least I had a descent weekend. On Friday, I decided I would start my fun early and I made myself a little drink.  Come to find out wasn't as little as I had once thought.  Oops....lol.  Anyhow, after this Tyler and I decided to go to Home Depot for switch covers, showerheads, shelving, storage crap, etc.  And I was made to drive, he didn't know about the "little" drink.  I wasn't drunk, just buzzed.  So that made Home Depot sooooo much more fun....lol.  During this time my friend Carrie had called to say that she and the boys were going to be grilling and I should come over.  So I did....lol.  Only the thing is as soon as I got there everyone else seemed to leave... :(  But I found out it was because some other people were coming over and no one liked them.  I hung out for a little while longer, until I got a call from my roomie Alicia who said we should go out to Cowboy, so I said hell ya, better than just chillin here.  So by 11:30 we were on our way......barely there for the 75 cent drinks (I got dropped off at the door!!) So anyway we danced the night away (we were meeting other people there so it wasn't just us girls).  For real. We left about 4:30ish I think!!  Alicia had run into a guy she knew from school and we were talking to him.  He was there with some other guys, they are all in a band together, I don't know the name, but they played at Juanita's on Sat. night.  Anyway my point in that was that we all decided to go to I-Hop for some food after cowboy.  So I wasn't at home and in bed till about 6:30am!! DAMN! I felt bad for Alicia because she had to be at work at 10!! eek!  But she was the one that drove that night, so it was her choice as to when we left.  But it was lots of fun.    So on to my happenings for Saturday.  There really isn't a whole lot to tell on Saturday.  I slept till about 2:30 pm...got my 8 hours!!   Then I lazed around the house for a while.  Talked to my mom for a bit....argued is a better word I suppose.  Those who know me know the subject matter and all that it involves so I won't bore them with the details, but if you need a reminder think.. Wild River Country Church Service.  Once that was over with, I lazed around some more, cleaned a little bit, tried to organize all my shit from moving but didn't have any luck.  Just kept finding myself taking little naps....lol.  Alicia got home and we chatted then she fell into a deep coma like sleep around 7!  LOL...We had planned on going to see Ben's Band play (the guy from the night before, well that morning.) at Juanita's.  The show was supposed to start at 9:30 pm. So I just did some stuff around the house/got ready to go.  Around 9:00 I go and "wake" Alicia up.....this means I just came into the room as asked if she still wanted to go because it was 9:00.  She says and I quote "yeah, I just trying to wake up, it takes me a while, and I know my eyes are closed but I'm waking up."  LOL.  I said ok.  Well we need to leave soon, so then she goes on to tell me that the next band (that we were also going to see) probably wouldn't start till like 10:30 or 11:00 and we could just get there for that.  Lol, I was like um ok, you’re just going to sleep.  So I called a few friends to see what was going on, and finally decided just to rent a movie.  But before I did, my good friend LaDonna calls to tell me that she is going to the Electric Cowboy to ride the Bull!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Which was oh so funny.  She stayed on for a recorded breaking 1.2 seconds.  Anyho, so my night ended with me eating an ice cream sandwich and watching the first 6 episodes of Sex and the City (second season)....The cable still isn't up!!  This Friday!  Can't wait.  Now Sunday I was freakin productive!!  That morning, there was the infamous Wild River Country Church Service.  Then I get home only to leave again and go shopping for house/room stuff!  I spent about 250.00, and got a lot of stuff!  I got some cool bamboo drawers from Target, along with a "cart" for my bathroom, picture frame, halter dress, tank top, showerhead (so that I too can shower in the rain in my own shower!), candy, and an outlet plug thing so I would have more outlets in the bathroom.  Then I got a new full-length mirror from Bed, Bath, and Beyond.  And then I got some oh so cool beaded pullbacks from Pier One for my curtains!  Then I came home to the NEW furniture, which Tyler just got that day, and to Marti, who is helping us fix the house up!! YAY.  So I put all my furniture pieces together and organized my room some more and found my way to the bed around 1 am.  eek.  Monday, today, is training.  BLAH.  No horrible training stories as of yet, however I can foresee them coming.  This isn't going to be a very good group, but maybe I am wrong.  One can only hope.  Okay I'm off for now.  TTYL