Two things you have to understand:    1. I wasn't raised on religion. 2. I was always part of the family.   (1) Unlike some, I didn't and still don't regularly go to church.  I am part of Younglife Campaigners now and I think that's a great way for me to get involved with faith.  But the only times I was involved in church were weddings, funerals, and other events like my cousin had an orchestra thing at St. Mary's once.  So let me compare myself with Josh.  Josh was born and I would guess he started going to church when he was very young like 3-5 maybe earlier.  So as his mind is growing, he's learning the Bible, learning about Jesus, and learning everything about religion in general.  He doesn't need to question it.  It's all he knows.  And when you're raised on it, it's correct.  But I've heard about Catholicism and Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Zen-Buddhism, Zionism, etc.  Who knows which one's correct?  It's important to have faith but when you aren't raised on it, deciding what's right is hard.  Plus, you throw my interest in government in there and then you have separation of church and state.  That's whole 'nother discussion right there.  Thing is...I can't commit to practicing it.  I can commit to confiding in Jesus Christ.  I can stop at moments in the day and say, "Dear God...thank you for the life I have. Amen."  I think that's my first step to being awakened and beginning a journey into the world of Christianity.  Someday I will have a total understanding.  I just don't know if it will happen now.   {Whew! Go get a drink.  Use the bathroom.  Get up and stretch or something.  That was rough.  Anyone still reading? I encourage you to continue on.)   (2) I'll never forget being at Younglife.  I remember feeling so right for making the decision I made.  And then we got to the bus and Josh Rendall stopped me.  He pulled me together and prayed for me and welcomed me to the family.  Well, I was always a part of it.  I just fit under the category of "born-again" now.  I always was worried about sinning in front of God.  I always was trying to do the right thing for God.  I just never took it seriously enough to think about practicing it. It's important to have faith.  Let's take George W. Bush for instance.  He had severe problems before he turned 40.  He was an alcoholic.  He had no direction in his life.  He wasn't living up to his potential.  Then he opened his mind and began to read the Bible and look where it got him.  There's no question that every person should practice faith.  Just I like to live freely.  So it's going to be tough to follow the Bible to the detail.  But life is a journey to Heaven.  You start off young and live freely.  You begin to settle down as you get older.  Then you turn 70, and you're reading the Bible every night or talking with religious people daily.  So the way I see it...I've got plenty of time to grow religiously.    There it is.  You don't need my permission to comment.  Just remember, it's not strange for me to be religious live freely.  I don't see why that's so surprising.  People have changed since the year 0 (zero).  There's no way we can be like the people who Jesus lived with.  But that doesn't mean we can't trust in him like the people did.