Hello.  It’s been some time since I last blogged.I  don know what’s wrong with my bloggy man.  It can’t detect what I’ve typed. -.-“    Anyway, on Sunday night,  Royce, Erik, Zhuo Zhen, Xiaoying, Marilyn, Ailin, Meiying, Chunyu and I were at the Esplanade.  We wanted to watch the fireworks.  But… din even get to see the smoke. Lol~  Yeaha. Got quite bored.  So we went to the 5566 open-air concert.  It was so crowded.  Good thing I’m tall. =D    Oh ya, bumped into Derek there.  He was with his bunch of friends.  And it ended kinda of late.   Like 1+?    Royce, Erik and I din not wanna waste money taking a cab home.  You know, I’m afraid the uncle don have enuff money to give me a change.  The smallest note in my pocket is like S$1 000 000? Lolol~  Yeaha. We went to Lau Pah Sat to eat.  Took our dinner/supper/breakfast,  And we decided to walk to Jurong  It was kinda of fun.  But damn tiring man.  Through it all, it was the company that mattered i guess.  A mile seemed like a metre with my friends.    Hhmm. On Monday,I slept my day through. Lol~  Went for a bB meeting and a lunch appointment.  My bed calling, “Don’t leave me… Don’t leave me…”  That line was copied from xiaoying one. Lol~  And slacked my way through Tuesday.  Did a bit of work.  Talked to xiaoying a little at night.  And went to bed.  Yesterday was Wednesday.    Hhhmm. I din stay in skool with Weichong to study.  I came home like 6+?Yeaha.   Did some Chinese compos and went to bed.  Actually, I’m supposed to study now.  Oh my tian. I’m so lazy…    Yeaha. Yesterday night,I’ve forgotten which sms I sent xiaoying liao. =P  Anyway, here’s the reply.“of coz I know u wun forget me.. n of coz I wun forget u.. hahaz we’ll be best of friends foreva.. yeah.. study hard ya.. as always.. happy chionging =)” from xY at 00:09:11 on 120804.  How to reply?~ lol~HHhmm. 10 more days to 22 August 2004.  Yesterday, during biology practical, Warren was telling me his friends are going to the airport to study.  Sounds familiar huh dennis?   Lol~How I miss Jerome~  Remember the directory?  It was good training for my 6 packs with him man. =D  Gonna do some AQ and go to school.    Adios babes and hunks, dudes and girls.