Well, she lives! (despite the best efforts of her doctors). Yes I'm back under my new domain name as the other one disappeared. Now it's only a question of letting you all know the new address and bingo! Bob's your uncle. Weeeeell, I'm off work again, which is beginning to annoy even me.  The reason this time is because I've just spent a rather tedious and painful few days in hoptipal, being prodded, poked and generally examined by doctors. So, while I was out having fun, what were you doing? I'll try to deal with this chronologically. On Friday night I had bad stomach pains. they got steadily worse and I was very uncomfortable. Not much fun for me! I was quite worried as on Saturday I went to Newton Abbot for my falconry experience and I was worried I would miss it. Well, on that morning I decided to go anyway: I'd been looking forward to it for such a long time. Me and Si caught the train to Newton Abbot, then got a taxi to the garden centre where the event was to be held. It was a gorgeous day: the sun was shining and everything looked so beautiul. The garden centre also was very nice. There's something about spending a day in a garden centre that makes you really feel like you're an adult. Despite the fact I have no garden to speak of, we nearly bought a whole heap of plants. Luckily I resisted. The Falconry centre was charming. There were approx 42 birds and sadly security was a bit good, so I couldn't run off with any of them. This in itself was a shame as I was quite taken by the Kestrels. I was surprised at how butterfly-like they were in their movements. Of course, i do want a falcon but they look kinda difficult...so I might one day start with a barn owl. Anyhow, the experience lasted about 3 hours. I got to fly a very talkative Barn Owl (who was chatting to me the whole time), a tawny owl (I want! I want!) another barnie and a harris hawk. The Harris Hawk was a baby and not a good flier. He got frightened and ended up falling on the floor and crying. Then he got tangled up in a tree...what a fusser! Couldn't help but laugh. I also had the experience of an Eagle owl flying into me...it missed my glove and landed on my arm. Ouch. Now, and Eagle owl is very very big (hence the name).  My arm is very little. My arm is now bruised. BUT IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!! Now, when I got back my nether regions were still hurting. then I noticed blood in my water. I phoned NHS direct, who told me to ring the out-of-hours doctor. I did so, and went to see him on Sunday morning. After a rather uncomfortable examination he admitted me straight to hospital (to my very great surprise!) and Si got to push me around on a wheelchair. I was taken to a ward in SAU (surgical assessment unit) as they thought it might be appendicitus. It wasn't, thankfully. Then I was subjected to lots and lots of tests, including x-rays, and given some painkillers, then I was pretty much left alone. Si stayed with me a lot but eventually we were told I was going to be kept in overnight. This did not make me very happy. I was distraught when Si went home and had an ok night, attempting to sleep with a big needle in one arm. At about midnight a Scots bloke was brought in and I kept hearing him shout 'Narse! Narse!' which confused the hell out of me until I realised that he was calling the nurse. The next day even less attention was being paid to me. I didn't know what was wrong with me and I was lonely and bored. Scots guy was replaced with scary crusty old guy who kept shouting at the nurses, making unpleasant noises in his throat and kept messing himself. i did feel sorry for him a lot: he got told of by the nurses for shouting at them when it was clear that he only shouted because he was deaf and in a lot of pain. Even his own family seemed to treat him as a burden. But it wasn't very nice. I was allowed to eat by about midday (about 40 hours after I'd last eaten) and they finally decided I'd probably had a kidney stone and passed it, and that had caused a painful kidney and bladder infection, which had also affected my tubes. They put my on antibiotics and left me to it. By the evening I was straining at the bit to get home. When the doctor said I would have to stay in another day I nearly had a fit. No no no no no no! I made him let me go home, by promising I'd come back if the pain got worse and technically perhaps I should have stayed in a bit longer...the pain hadn't cleared up as much as I implied it had. But I was feeling very unwell from just being in the hospital and was desperate to get home to my home comforts. Besides, what's the point in staying in hospital when the only thing being done is that I take one tablet three times a day? Well, I'm happy to be home now but also looking forward to returning to work very much. Hopefully I'll be back on Friday.