ok, so it's been a while, but what can I say?  I am lethargic sometimes.  Well, the holidays started off with a bang... actually, a fight with Joe.  I was being a dick at the bar, and he got so mad, I have never seen him like that before.  His reaction was scary, and I though we were going to lose our friendship.  He actually ran away from me, literally. It was 3 am, and we were walking home, and he just started running.  I couldn't keep  up... it was ridiculous, and I felt like a girlfriend, trying to chase down her boyfriend.  And it occurred to me, that is exactly what Joe is.  A boyfriend.  I was telling stories about Joey to a friend from high school, and he asked if Joe was my fuck buddy.  Then it struck me, we are the exact opposite of that.  Everything BUT the sex.  Even the high drama that comes along with being in a relationship.  I don't mean to make light of the fight that we had.  When I finally made it back to Joe's house that night (he is a runner, so I was left in the dust), he left me outside of his door for an hour, begging to come in.  Then he tried to lock himself in his bedroom, but I forced my way in. And we had it out.  I don't remember ever being that upset.  Not even when my relationship of 4 years broke up.  Read into that what you like, I am still trying to figure that one out.  I obviously love Joe, but it comes back around to the same old question: am I in love with Joe?  I thought I was pretty fucking smart, but I think I am losing my grip on reality.  Partially Joe's fault though... he told me a couple of weeks ago that he is bisexual.  Vanessa once asked me why I like hanging around with a gay guy.  Because he can never reject me.  I guess that one backfired.  So now that I know he *can* like me, I am rejected.  Why doesn't he?  And is that what I am feeling?  Perhaps it's not love, just confusion about why not love?  Fuck it, I love him, and I will live with it for as long as he lets me.  I am rambling.  I saw the ex boyfriend last night.  Crazy.  It's been 4 years, and I can't tell you what it was like.  Surreal to say the least.  I haven't seen him since we broke up, actually.  We've been apart almost as long as we were together.  Anyway, it was strange and wonderful.  Chris is a great person.  And I am a better person for having known him.  He is engaged to the girl he moved in with 3 months after we broke up, it you can believe that.  I almost choked, but it's good.  It became very apparent to me after 2 hours of chatting that we have nothing on common anymore.  It was crazy - I want to live in a big city, the biggest that I can find, and he wants a small town.  I want to get away from Canada, he never wants to leave.  He drives a big gas guzzling truck, and I take the bus.  We are different people now... the engagement still stung a bit, but I can move on now.  Although, he is still gorgeous.  So beautiful.  C'est la vie.