sorry i did not update last night, I don't know why i did not. Anyways. yesterday was a good day. Janelle came over for a bit but not all night because she had cheerleading practice. So she was here from like 11:30-4. While she was here, we took my paintball gun and went down to the park and shot at trees and random things, she was really into shooting it. Uhhh..then we walked to wendys and ate lunch there. It was fun/awesome/cool/great/wonderful. Then we walked back to my house and we went upstairs and just layed on my bed for about an hour then we went downstairs and watched cky3. After cky3 was over, it was about time for her to leave so i was just watching for her mom while she was gathering up her stuff. She left and that was pretty much it for the night. Today I did nothing with janelle. I woke up at 7 and went to the firehouse at 8. Me, stevie stilo and two other members went to the summerdale diner for obviously breakfast. After this we came back and had to go down to the park for fire fighter safety day for the kids at day camp down there. We were there for about an hour. Nothing exciting but it wasnt boring. We came back to the station and did random work then I came home. I was so tired, i made a veggie burger and some nuggets then i sat down to watch some tv, i was freezing for some reason so i got one of my multiple fleece blankets and wrapped up in it and went to sleep. This was the dumbest thing ive ever done, as you will find out why in the next sentence. Janelle calls me and i had been sleeping for like an hour. I woke up hot as a mother f'er. I was sweating and shit because it was obvioulsy not cold in my house anymore, i will never wrap up in a fleece blanket in the middle of the summer again. I was so hot, and i answered the phone and i was half asleep and i had no idea what the hell i was doing. I just told janelle i'd call her back. I got up and collected myself and came back down to mars (outkast reference if u didnt know), then i called her back we talked for a bit then got off the phone. Ummm...i didnt really do anything else the rest of the day/night. I just sat around here all night and then janelle called back around 9:40 and we talked for about a half hour. Thats pretty much it. I don't know what im gonna do tomorrow, probably nothing. This weekend will be awesome though. Saturday i may be taking my moms car down to sunco to get washed by janelle and the rest of the cheerleaders, after her car wash is done were chillin for a bit then going to see the terminal at 7, ive wanted to see it since it came out, and i found out hampden amc is still playing it, so were gonna go see it. And sunday im going to Knobles Grove with janelle and her family for a hella good time. It should be awesome. Well i'll update tomorrow night. PEACE!