I just got an email from the Fellows program, informing me that our first "official" day of the program will be a welcome event, hosted by the  urlLink Alice Tully Hall  at Lincoln Center. I've never been there, but it looks kinda swanky to me! However, work begins pretty quickly. The first few hours are a "glad you're here" thing, but the last 2 hours are set aside for consultation with our program mentors and to meet the other 30 or so other Fellows in our cell groups. (The entire cohort for the year of 2004 is expected to be around 2,000 Fellows, but we're further divvied up into smaller groups that will be taking university classes together throughout our Master's training.)  And as the days of the Fellowship beginning grow closer, so does the end of my time with AWED. In preparation for my departure, I have been working my butt off! I want to leave with a good impression, and so have been cleaning up all of the files on my computer, re-organizing the paper files I'm in charge of, teaching the 3 interns how to do my job, and writing a manual to help them out once I'm gone. Even though I've really been pushing myself, it's been a good week. It's nice to have so many people in the office again. (Over the last few months there has been, ahem, "restructuring" and our already small staff of about 10 was reduced to 6 full time people.) The AWED Annual Gala is approaching, too, and I'm hoping that I'm going to be able to scoot over to the Sky Club (see photo) after my day at whatever university I get assigned to. (That, I'm sure, will be posted here as soon as I find out!)  I'm also trying to learn more about how to make this page more interesting for those of you who are attempting to live vicariously thru me (hello, Stephen Greene!) So, as you can see, now that I can insert links, I'm teaching myself how to post photos. I'm also perusing other Blogs to see how I can do things that I see that I think are nifty. Saw one today that had recorded voice audio.  Way cool . More updates on that as I delve more into this area of computer savvy that is currently unknown, yet intriguing,  to me.