That's what I wrote in my journal at the teacher job fair today.  I felt so totally like a Plain-Belly Sneetch.  Everyone was wearing these tags and the certified teachers name tags said real BIG 'CERTIFIED' applicant.  Everybody else was just well, an applicant. It makes sense and all and I totally understand it.  Would I rather have my kid taught by some fresh outta the water mackeral?  Of course not.   However, I spent all this time and energy working on the damn packets to pass out.  And I felt like they looked really good and totally reflected my abilities and personality.  And at most of the tables they didn't even glance at it.  WHAT??  Aren't you gonna jot down that I'm lookin really spiffy in my nice new suit??  How bout that lesson plan?  And of course I threw in my transcripts for the fuck of it.  Even if i did graduate a million years ago, I did it with honors, damnit!   At the Cy-Fair booth, which is where i would prefer to teach, since it is where i live and pay may taxes, blah, blah, the lady tells us 'oh, i hate to tell you this but go ahead and remove your resumes from the binders, cuz honestly, we just throw them away.' DAGNabbit.  (I started feeling like I should not blaspheme, even in my mind, whilst looking for a job teaching young children).  I paid almost $2 each for those damn things.  I hope to goddess that the others did not just chunk them.  geez  It was very polite of her to tell us though.  She then basically said until we get our test scores back not to bother her.  But she said it in such a very positive way.   So that's over.   One woman actually did glance at my resume' and exclaimed "oh, my son went to HeartsHome last year!"  So please tell me she wrote something positive about me on the damn thing.  Unless of course she hated the center and will never take her son back there because another 4-year-old sucked his penis in the bathroom.  That happened alot in my caseload.  Especially when I had Dickinson.  Try explaining to a homophobic dad that it is NOT considered abuse when two children of the same age experiment in sex play!  Let me mention again how much I do not miss my job.  Of course the same shit is gonna happen while i teach, but you better believe that I'll be in the boys rr.  'keep your penis to yourself'  If i've said it once, I've said it a thousand times :-).  How's this from 3-year-old WC "hey kim, look! It's big"  Until I taught preschool I'd no clue that 3-year-olds have erections.  Now I do.   Same boy comes in one morning and tells me he likes my haircut.  Wow!  Did my husband notice my haircut?  of course not.  Three years old!  Then he says 'Hey Kim (he always started every sentence that way...all day long...hey kim, hey kim, hey kim) you wanna come to my house and have a beer?'  HAHAHAHAHA  no kidding.  I told his dad, thinking he would be embarrassed or something.  His response:  "oh, that's a great idea.  You can come to the Hockey game with us"  That apple fell right under that tree.  I wonder what little sis is like.  I loved that kid though.  When he moved into the classroom beside me he would sit and cry "i want my kim" at the door.  The doors were all glass.  I thought it was gonna kill me.  I think he would be in third grade now.  I should try to find them. I need sleep.  I didn't go to bed until 4am and got up at 7.  I don't feel much more tired than I usually do however.  But then, superheroes need no sleep.  dootdootdoodoo