yes!!! ok, i didnt exactly ace the persons exam but at least i feel that i was able to salvage some crucial points. i had to re-write my answers many times. the questions were difficult and tricky. good thing i am a teacher, i sensed where the dean was coming from, i suspected sneakiness, so, there was no other option but to stretch my gray area and to analyze fully the questions.   some pointers here are proper. publication is essential for a law to be effective no matter what. the executive order 200 that amended art. 2 of the civil code became only effective in 1988. rights are also, in general, subject to waiver as long as it is not contrary to laws, public order, public policy, morals and good custom. in that question, i thought it proper it is within his right anyway his father already died and the waiver is not against those grounds cited. future waiver is prohibited but the right was already ripe... etc, etc.... in sum, the exam was an intellectual exercise, at least different from that statcon exam ( by the  way latin is a dead language) which left me reeling with those statutory principles(harharhar).   now to make fun of the statcon exam...  i say that atty.culling should liberally construe the answers and the instructions in favor of the students. the general rule as stated in the first part of the exam is to put  ALL  answers in the booklet. at the latter part of the questionnaire, answers should be written at that very questionnaire. talking about ambiguity. asnwers should also be written at separate pages, but what about those true and false part. waste, waste, waste of paper. point is, the instructions are ambiguous. in article 3 of the civil code it states that "ignorance of the law excuses no one"  but tempered with the concepts of mistake of fact( exempting?) and mistake in the interpretation of the law( mitigating). statutory construction is fun, my golly, it makes me deliriously insane.   another thing, the teachers seem to like this for i dont know what reason. they said that they would give some objective items, but lo and behold, almost all was essay questions. as to the coverage, the dean said only until article 34 of the civil code, but why include article 36? it is abuse of rights( art 19,20, 21). i wonder if i file a case againts these teachers the case is justiciable? see what this stupid law school is doing to my mind.   and did i ever mention the grammar. forget it, i refuse to incriminate myself. :P  noel, how many dinners do you owe me now? i am not talking about libis here, just good food man.  i miss joy. we were together in sseayp. she married a korean so she is now in korea. yesterday was nanay's bday( my national leader). i sent her a text. she should get married by now. i was also not able to go to cavite yesterday to visit the new batch because of the exam. well, hopefully next week i could go with them.  i enjoyed my jog around amoranto stadium last night. i am planning to buy a ball so that i could play basketball in there. jogging unstress my system. it is fun, cheap, and healthy. food intake is a bugging problem. sigh. at least i am going somewhere, as to where, well, as they say only God knows.    laws are for the stupid people. people are stupid. that should make us all happy.  Ah, the humanity.