I think I warned people from the outset that I had a lot to say on the subject of gay marriage. I'd like to take a look at the matter from another angle--the liberal/libertarian angle.  The initial liberal/libertarian response to gay marriage would be, what the heck is the state doing involved with any marriage? Marriage is a religious rite, and one of the bedrocks of our political system is the separation of church and state. We like the separation of church and state, because, for instance, we don't want the state requiring all of the women in the country to wear burkas, as the recently deposed theocracy in Afghanistan did. So the state should generally avoid promoting religious belief systems. And as such, it should stay out of the marriage business.  Of course, our government does have a history of getting involved with marriage, even though it's religious. The government, for instance, didn't allow polygamy. I have to confess I don't know the history of the government's opposition to polygamy, but I could image liberal/libertarian acquiescence in the government's prohibition of polygamy based on the idea of the protection of the rights of the women involved. Nowadays, it would seem that most people don't get too worked up about a man having relations with a number of consenting adult women, but they do get pretty upset at the idea of young teenage girls getting forced into polygamous marriages. So again, there would seem to be no reason--from a liberal/libertarian point of view--to reject marriages between consenting adult men.  But the state may have reasons of its own for being interested in partnerships. It would like to know, for instance, which people are responsible for a certain child, or who is responsible for their partner when the partner gets sick. This is the rational liberal (if not libertarian) explanation for the state's involvement in issues of partnership. In fact, I think the rational liberal (and perhaps libertarian) response would be for the state to grant only domestic partnerships, and leave marriage to the churches.   urlLink A large number of corporations, universities, and government agencies  now offer benefits to domestic partners. Right now, it requires a fair amount of work on the part of these private and public entities in order to determine who is a partner and who isn't. I can imagine that these corporatations, institutions, and agencies would love for the state to determine who is and who isn't a domestic partner. They might in fact start pressuring states to take over the responsibility of monitering domestic partnerships. Libertarians might not like it, but liberals (who, at least in their classic manifestation, tend to be supportive of business) will find this to be one more reason to support governmental acknowledgement of civil unions for gays and lesbians.   urlLink HRC Ad   urlLink Lynn Cheney   urlLink Gay Marriage