I miss my old apartment.  Here I sit, in my basement lair in my parent's house, at a quarter after five in the morning, recently returned from what was supposed to be a tame few hours at a bar.  Here I sit, wondering if I still will be dwelling here at the same time tomorrow.  I really didn't have plans to go out this evening.  I went out last night, sans cohorts, but had a nice time.  My craving for outings this week was satiated for the most part.  But...   plans once again changed.  I was getting bored again as the night progressed, so I gave last night's chief  bailer a call to see if he was more motivated a day later.  Turns out he was, so we departed for an abbreviated night out at around 11pm.  Got to the bar at about 11:30.  Drink of choice was the "bucket o' ponies" special... six iced-down "baby beers" for $5.50.  My buddy, whom I shall refer to hereafter on the blog as "The Cokemaster" (dubbed such because of his affinity for Coke-mixed drinks on weekend outings: Captain and Coke, Crown and Coke, Jack and Coke, etc) finished his first bucket before the stroke of midnight.  What was supposed to be a "chill" and relaxed night soon turned into a binge of epic proportions for The Cokemaster-- a binge that has led to him currently sleeping on the couch in a pair of my drawers.  Because he pissed in and puked on his own.   My Good Samaritude involved his cleanup.  Laundering of his clothes and directions to the shower.  Unfortunately, the shower is upstairs, where the homeowners sleep, and the poor Cokemaster's equilibrium was fucked, to say the least.  Getting him to the bathroom, and his subsequent attempts at getting situated under the water (which I thankfully did not witness) created enough noise to wake the father-figure.  Dad is a cranky bastard at 5am, as many disturbed sleepers tend to be in the wee hours, and I was accosted in the hall as I listened for the water to shut off.  Liability issues were heatedly discussed-- "what if he slips and breaks his neck in the shower???" and ultimatums were laid down-- "this is the  last  time... this the  last  time."  Unreasonable commands were given-- "when he gets done, you will drive him home immediately and sleep in his vehicle until the morning, then he can drive you home.  He will  not  be staying here" and defining statements were made-- "this  isn't  the recovery house."   To all of which I responded, "go back to bed... go back to bed... go back to bed... I've got it all under control."   I'm going to bed now.  I'm going to go enjoy the calm before the inevitable storm.  More about this later.  Plenty of embarrassing gory details to divulge.  If I'm not homeless by then.