This past weekend I consumed most of my time with packing...why? because soon enough I will be returning home and I would like my stuff to get there soon after if not before my own return.  It is ridiculously expensive to send things by air so everything will be going on an ocean voyage.  Optimistically things will arrive in about a month but if the winds are against me, it could take as long as 3 months.  Oh well...I won't be needing winter stuff for a while.   Anyway, Yuko has helped me with just about everything since my first day at the boys school and had offered to take me and my boxes to the post office several times over the last couple weeks.  The first date was kind of forgotten, the 2nd I had an injured shoulder and didn't want her to have to carry everything, and the third I decided to wait until I packed the final 2 boxes to be shipped.  While she offered yet a 4th time to take me yesterday, I assured her that it would not be necessary as I planned to rent a car for 1/2 the day and take care of everything myself.  She still thought she could at least help me carry stuff but I decided that the heaviest was only 12 kg so I could manage it all on my own.  I don't know what I am going to do when I don't have Yuko around offering solutions to just about everything I encounter.  But then again I guess when I leave Japan I won't exactly be needing the same assistance with things so I stand a chance of doing okay when I re-enter the western world.     I rented a car (the smallest one available) and was shocked when 4 of the 5 boxes (the biggest ones you can send) fit in the trunk.  After loading I drove to the post office and pretty much shocked all of the people there as I kept going back and forth carrying a seemingly endless number of boxes to be shipped.  Finally, all forms were filled out and hopefully my stuff is on its way just a few weeks ahead of my own travels home.  It feels quite good to have all of that taken care of though the daunting task of cleaning my apartment still lies ahead in the near future.