the title is actually the encore piece that all the syf-ers need to do...the language there is swedish, and our conductor for it is  Mr Schonberg ...*obviously* [mimicking  Miss Terrence Ng , that sissy bio teacher creep of mine] swedish, who happens to be really nice!  today was cool,  patrick soo  the physics teacher came back plus  susanne yo  the new english replacement teacher was around today... mrs raihan  is on maternity leave, her baby's coming out soon!! btw she works also in one of the children's shows in the  suria  channel (malay)...  i had my chemistry and higher chinese test today as well. chemistry was manageable, and i left out quite a few blanks in my chinese paper, but whatever, im getting my stuff back tomorrow...since im in syf, i can miss bio lab!!  yesterday's syf session was quite  fruitful ...i heard that word lots of times yesterday, and we did the formation for the syf finale...truthfully it was damn messy...i met my anglican friends and i was going to have lunch with them, but i went with om instead...i dont usually say this, but why do i always get him? he is too much of a know-it-all, and i had to bring him all around suntec city to choose our lunch venue, and we ended up at this small  crosstalk cafe  where i had a not-worth-it bowl of pesto...om had a 15-dollar meal and after that he wasnt that full...why? that dumb guy bought a soup and a drinkwith the entree! then we went to carrefour, and to citilink mall, where i stopped by HMV to sample some cds...again, I WANT THE EMMA BUNTON CD!! then om, who doesnt really listen to music ( he's not heard of linkin park...i know he's thai but hey LP is so immensely popular now) just tagged along...  i bought some cards from the shop called prints... the cards are really nice, so i bought 2 cards-- a thread heart and a retro one...yup...they are so cool....om went to the citilink mall again to get home and he walked off like that blindly...and i lent him the phonecard on me, and never said thank you, but gave me a really negative comment...now i really feel like punching om's face...im not surprised either that ivan cheng doesnt like him...om, you suck. he doesnt read blogs so i can say whatever i want...bleaughxz  gotta finish this fast...i wanna go for ac idol next friday...i hope they still have the $12 dollar tix!! also, we ran 6 km for PE today...i was doing that hole in the head gesture, except i used the middle finger...ok lar i sound so pissed off in this entry...but it wasnt such a good day, so what can i say? o yes, in the syf thing, xiaohan was giving that freaking ice stare when her choir was performing...she was damn surprised that i had gone to acs...and i cannot help but think of her striking resemblance to han qingying, my old primary school friend. her blog is listed at the side...look out!  -ting-