I wonder, sometimes, how it is that the people who answer those polls are so stupid and gullible.  For example, the 60% of people who believe that Saddam Hussein was involved with 9/11.  Then I realized that they don't have to be stupid or gullible, they simply have the wrong filters.  We are all exposed to the same news, we all simply filter it in different ways.  In short, we are all susceptible to different types of news.  For example, Suzy Granola might be very skeptical about the claims of the Nuclear Public Relations group's ads--the one's where they claim that they don't pollute the air.  She might point out that the do, however, pollute the water and the ground and produce nasty nuclear waste.  On the other hand, she might be very susceptible to claims that shampoos that contain sodium lauryl sulfate are linked to laughing sickness.  Bob Wallstreet, on the other hand would scoff at the shampoo story, but might believe that his SUV is the safest car on the road without examining data to back it up.  In short we are all telling ourselves a story about ourselves and we don't closely examine details that fit in with our plot.  This is the greatest failure of science education and scientists in America.  Science has always sold itself as a story rather than as a process.  Progress has always been described as a destination rather than an opening of new avenues.  Research has always been presented as what we know rather than how we found out.  Scientists have always represented themselves as Prometheus stealing fire from the Gods, rather than children picking the daisies that they find in their path.  It is this failing that makes us vulnerable to stories, to narratives.  That which is internally consistent and corresponds with our predispositions is as good as the truth in our own minds.  This lack of scrutiny leads us down a many and varied path that goes one place--extremism.  Extremism is the destination of all minds that lose track of reality, and become ensnared in the lies that we tell ourselves.  It is the result of denying all valid arguments that contradict one's prejudices.  It is the insistence that one's own story is the most important.  I won't go into a lengthy list of all the facets of extremism, but I will allow you to consider the irrational behavior of people who consider themselves the following: vegans, creationists, macrobioticists, futurists, atheists, right to lifers, militant pro coicers, religious terrorists, animal rights nuts, militant homosexuals, family values Republicans, gun nuts, anti-gun nuts, dead-heads, oil executives, Irish, Israeli, Palestinian, Mac Users, Linux Users, 12 steppers, etc.  Is there a remedy?  Not a very practical one, but I would say a contributing factor of this type of behavior is that modern life is in real-time.  People don't have time to reflect, they don't read.  Stimulus demands a response before there is time to make an informed decision; and once a response is made then then the person is committed.  In an effort to be consistent, in order to move the plot forward, details that support the orginal response are internalised and those that are inconsistent are resisted.  One remedy would be to read more and think more.  Books are not real time, they are a dialogue between author and reader.  One can move back and forth within the text.  Study.  Challenge.  Another contributing factor is that people are cosseted; they don't have much contact with reality except through their TV's.  The TV news is not much help as they are all about the narrative, all about the story.  Newspapers are better, but people don't have time to read them.  They tend to work at jobs where they are further insulated from reality, the stories exchanged at the "water cooler" are taken as fact...they become the new mythology.  I wonder if the Age of Reason has given way to a new Dark Age where truth is buried under a dust-heap of myth, supposition, falsehood and belief.