To someone who knows who they are: I keep waiting and waiting and praying and hoping that one day I may return to feeling like myself and get my life back fully. At times I feel that is too much to ask and it probably is, but I really just don't know.  In a lot of ways I feel as if I have let you down. There was something so perfect, and it got raped away from you and I and everyone else and life as it is and as I know it, changed and I'm not quite sure where I stand in it.  I know me inevitably holding onto you was a way for me to maybe, just maybe, keep a false security of being able to find my way back into myself and the light. You are a dear friend to me, and I fear that we will grow apart and sometimes feel miserable about how much of an inadequate person I have been to you and had such a negative influence in your life at times.  Everything happens for a reason, and I hope that you won't give up on me. Through every dark and rainy night there is always a sunshine and rainbow after the storm, and it gets sooo hard to wait and maybe get it. You have really taught me to do things for myself, which is why I am now doing what I am doing, and a lot of other things about life. I love you very much and I know that you know that. Please be patient and try and not let me go, dear friend.   "Piano Song"  Old friend, I hear you I know just how you feel I've been in your shoes before  I've seen your worries, And I can understand everything you going through  And I believe in you Your time is coming Don't give up tonight There's a life ahead Your time is coming Don't let go tonight My friend, I've listened Things only can improve You have all the time in the world So keep on fighting, And never let them say there's anything that you can't do Cause I believe in you Your time is coming Don't give up tonight There's a life ahead Your time is coming Don't let go tonight  I watched as you sat with a cigarette in your hand, holding a drink in the other, Trying to drown all your pain: And I believe in you Your time is coming Don't give up tonight There's a life ahead Your time is coming Don't let go tonight Old friend, you'll realize, Good things are worth the wait Enjoy the times that you have You'll see a new day, When darkness fades again, And the sun can rise to shine And I believe in you Your time is coming Don't give up tonight There's a life ahead Your time is coming Don't let go tonight.   Same old same old here. I saw Jon last night. We went and chilled out for a while before he had to go home to Florida. I had a good time. School, then work, then homework, maybe online tonight..........who knows.  P.S. : Remember that each day is a gift and our purpose for being on this earth is to give of ourselves to other people and try to love unconditionally. This world will one day fade away, as will everyone, so just try to remember to leave something good behind.