For some reason, having one extra day off this weekend made it feel like I was going back to work after a full vacation.  I did *not* want to go to work today, and when I got there, I had to force myself to find things to do.  It was a very long day.  And all of this after a four day weekend?  Yeah.  Not good.  In other news, I got some good news today from a friend who's going to be starting a new job.  I really think that this will be a good move for him, and I'm very happy about it.  Maybe he'll even... leave work before 11:30 pm once in a while.  lol.  Who am I kidding.  He'll still be a complete work-a-holic.    The rest of this week's excitement remains to be found.  I'm sure it will come along though.  After all, Friday is getting closer all the time, and I can't wait to see the new Harry Potter movie.  (The plan is to get to the mall early, and catch it before all of the kids get out of school.  I'm hoping that if I do that, I can avoid my past experiences of children talking through the *whole* movie.)  I've been reading some reviews, and it sounds like a new director has come in at just the right time for the series.  This book is definitely a major turning point for the series, and a new director is helping the movie to be the same thing.  And finally, I feel the urge to share a story that I read online tonight.  If I hadn't found it on multiple well-known news sites, I would have thought it was a joke.  I'm still not completely sure that certain details aren't.  In any case, as good as the intentions might be in this, some of the... methods absolutely crack me up, and I can only imagine some of the rather imaginative situations that could result from the proposition.  Amorous Swedes to Get Emergency Condom Deliveries   STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A Swedish aid organization will roll out a new line of defense to the country's emergency services next week -- the condom ambulance.   From Friday, June 4, amorous couples can call the telephone number 696969 and a white van featuring a large red condom with wings as a logo will deliver them a packet of 10 prophylactics.   "We need to increase the usage of condoms," said Carl Osvald, marketing manager for the Swedish Organization for Sex Education, the non-governmental organization behind the initiative. "It is 50 percent about pregnancy and 50 percent about sexually transmitted diseases."   The ambulances will operate in Stockholm and the southern cities of Malmo and Gothenberg. The service, aimed at young people, will run until June 25 and be available between four in the afternoon and nine at night.    A packet of 10 condoms will cost 50 crowns ($6.72), less than they cost on average in the shops.     The incidence of sexually transmitted disease is increasing rapidly in Sweden and not enough young people use condoms, Osvald said.     "We need to change attitudes to condoms," he said. "If we need to get out in to the bedrooms to make things better we will do it."