Well, I am almost finished revising and formatting my thesis.  It has been a real bitch, but I am so happy I am almost done.  I am going to bid a fond farwell to that demon... perhaps with some lighter fluid and a match.  I have to admit, the formatting has been a bigger headache than I imagined.  I mean, each section needs to have the page number at a different location than all the remaining pages in that section.  Do you know how long it took me to figure out how to do this in Word?  Let's not talk about it... however, if you ever need to know, it is now firmly planted in my brain.  A is leaving on the weekend.  It is sort of weird...I have known that she was leaving since I got here, but I think I have really only recently become close with her (in the last semester), and I only very recently has it sunk in that she is leaving.  It's sort of sad... she has always been a really sweet girl, and now I am really going to miss her.    Of course, J won't miss her.  He thinks she hates him...and to be fair, A has been a bit judgemental about my friendship with J.  She obviously doesn't trust that I can be such close friends with a man without getting hurt, and of course, the potential is there.    And once again, I have missed hooking up with Brad.  I met Brad in September at a festival that I was volunteering at, and I thought to myself, "THAT is a person I should know."  And I wasn't even interested in him.  He is attractive enough (oh yeah), but it never seriously occurred to me that we would ever date...in fact, that is the reason that I could talk to him.  I have this thing where I can only talk to guys where there is no possiblity of dating (i.e. gay men, men with gfs, men I don't find attractive, men out of my league)  I will be honest, when I first met Brad, I thought he was gay.  Anyway, the feeling of comfortableness stuck, and so did not assumption that we would never date, so I can still talk to him.  Now, soon after the festival, Brad went to TO to look for a job, and after about 6 weeks of looking, he found one.  He was back in Halifax for the last week or so, I guess packing up.  I don't know, because we never hooked up.  That is the funny thing... I hate Halifax because I think the people in this city are fucking terrible.  One more time cuz it feels so good, FUCKING TERRIBLE.  They are the worst people ever.  So I volunteered at the festival to meet some people, because I was certain not *everyone* was terrible.  I met Brad and thought to myself, I should get to know him, because he is awesome, and then perhaps I can get access to a whole circle of wicked people (ie. Brad's friends).  Of course, my plan has failed miserably because he almost immediately moved away, and even on his visit home, we have not been able to get it together and hook up.  This is so typical of my life, it's almost funny.  Actually, it is funny.  And this would be more amusing if you could understand how adorable Brad is, and how often we have tried to get something going (coffee, movie, drinks, etc).  Anyway, today is a bit of a light-hearted mood, since I have decided not to take anything too seriously anymore.  I am giving up stress all together.  Good luck, Mac Mommy!