While some of my readers, I know, are going to cringe in disgust, I figured I would throw this out there and see if anyone's interested.  I am throwing a Part for the President in July, and anyone who reads this is invited!     urlLink You may remember last April when I went to a Bush/Cheney Party in Greensburg.   Well I had so much fun that I decided I wanted to throw my own party this July.  There is a national party for the president day on Thursday, July 15th, and anyone involved will get a sweet conference call with VP Dick Cheney himself!  It's a sweet deal.    The reason I wanted to throw one, was basically because of what I witnessed at the first party I went to.  It was a fine party, very respectable, but it was definitely geared towards adults.  Me, Leroy and Teddy were the youngest guys there.  So I figured why not have a party aimed at younger folks, college kids and folks in their twenties.  A real "party" filled with loud music (Andrew W. K., not Toby Keith), a light atmosphere with some real humor and good times.  Instead of having it at a fancy hotel, I'm having it at a brand new coffee house in Rochester, PA.  Instead of hiring a DJ to play stereotypical Republican country music, I'm bringing my Mac and playing some true party music (regardless of affiliation).  (Assuming all goes to plan) We are going to have a conference call from the vice prez, a video tape from the president, and some other sweet activities and speeches.    This isn't to say that only republicans are invited.  If you are someone who isn't registered, and wants to learn more about the Grand Old Party (and you are smart enough to know that there is more to us than what the news and Michael Moore portray) then come on down and give it a shot.  Or if you are a democrat who wants to see what's going on, perhaps you aren't brainwashed by the MTV-culture into hating GW, or you just want to have some lively discussion, then check it out.    The GO-Party for the President is on Thursday, July 15th from 6:30pm until 9:30pm at the Blue Violet Cafe (Brighton Ave, Rochester PA).  For more information, post a comment!