anyone else ready for school? or is it just me? those of you who actually work enjoy your days off but me, i'm just bored. i think next summer i'm gonna look into a big ppl job (haha). mom said she could help get me a job with Citgo. everytime i think about Citgo i remember how Ms. Crook's neighbor stuck his head in and announced the Citgo relocation and i remember Amy and Natalie freaking out "omg i'll have to drive so far to get gas now!" "i hate QT and their closing the Get'N'Go's too!" of course anyone with a higher IQ then Jessica Simpson knew it was the company not the gas station... anyway!  last night i went with Phil and John to see The Village. Teri and Jacob met us there. i really hope he isn't still weird about what happened with us. he didn't really say anything to me but when i think about it we were never big talkers anyway! oh well.. it seems like everyone has moved passed that, and i really missed hanging out with those 2. ok so about the movie.. it wasn't that scary and i recently discovered why a lot of scary movies dont bother me that much.. it wasn't the 100 yr old armadillo/porcupine monsters that scared me.. it was the 22 yr old italian grabbing me when i wasn't paying attention.. it wasn't the worst movie but it wasn't the best either. anyway after that the 3 of us went to mcdonalds and then John and i went home and watched Law and Order SVU. i'm starting to think it's an addiction...  ok so i was talking to my parents about somebody bringing a little kid to the movie last night, and they told me they let me watch Child's Play when i was about 18 months old. they didn't think i would sit and watch it but i did. they didn't think i would understand what was happening but i did. they said i sat there the whole time i watched it and i use to chase them around like i was Chuckie pretending i had a knife. young parents aren't they cool? lol. that also helps explain why i never played with dolls when i was younger.  one more thing and i think i'm done.. i got my senior pics today. they look horrible.. there are a couple i like and i'll try to get those posted soon.. but we'll see.