first of all, i will start off by saying goodbye to Jessica from Newfoundland. She laft LAST Tuesday because she wasn't having a good time here, but i kept forgetting to add that in here LOL. She was nice, she was in my workshop, she shouldn't have left... i would regret it forever if i did!  on Tuesday, i went to Wal*Mart with Sarah, Jodie, Amanda M., Matt, and Chris. we got our pictures developped and then did some wandering. About half an hour before we had to be at the bus stop, Jodie and Amanda went ahead, Sarah and I went to the dollar store to buy candy, and Matt and Chris stayed at the Wal*Mart doors where we had all been sitting. Sarah and I left the dollar store and went to the bus stop, but then i decided that i should see if Chris and Matt were on their way because there was only 10 minutes until the bus came. They were not at the Wal*Mart doors, so i went back to the bus stop. Being the incredibly nice person that i am, when the bus came i decided to stick around and look for them while everyone else went back (it was 8:20, the next bus was at 9:55).... it turns out that they got on at a different stop (idiots) so i had an extra hour and a half at the Wal*Mart/Business Depot/movie theaters area. i found Allison, Laura-Ann, and Mike though, so i had people to talk to... and i wasnt stuck at the campus all night, so i was happy!.... i got back to the campus at 10:20, and i didnt find Matt until almost 11 (i was back and forth between the two buildings several times... people kept sayign "i think i saw them THERE")... oh well, like i said, i had a night out and they didnt LOL  yesterday was Commando... a giant game of capture the flag that covered the entire campus and was VERY confusing... each team had a huge zone and had to hide their flag, but you didnt know which team was tryign to get your flag (only one team was trying to get yours)... everyone had a straw (all different lengths) and if you touched anyone, you compared straws, and the long straw got to take the short straw to jail until someone from that person's team got a straw to get you out of jail. the mauve team was after our flag and they got it twice (the game lasted an hour, so it was to see how many times you could get it) ... we were looking for the orange flag but never found it, because apparently it was in a bag in a garbage can (cheaters!)... anyway, GO WHITE TEAM!  after that, i found Sarah and Pam and we bleached my hair, with the stuff i bought at Wal*Mart the night before. Sarah did it (her first time) and its pretty good... there a a few roots, but not much, and one screwed up sideburn (its like blond on one side and brown on the other... a perfect line dividing it up the center!!!).... i hate my hair because it looks ugly (it looked SO COOL when it was wet though... like white fire!).... i clal it a peachy colour, but Jon says its "strawberry blond"... i hate it... it seems to attract the gay guys (which there are a lot of here). ... but tomorrow afternoon that will end when Pam dyes it red for me :D (and i am going to redo her pink!... that should be interresting!)  last night, we went to see fireworks. from July 24-August 11, there is an international frieworks display at Chutes Montmorency (meaning i could have skipped the all day trip there! lol).... we got to see Canada's fireworks last night, and it was amazing.... it was also the first time ive ever seen them to music. i was SO happy that we got to go.   i forgot to mention the music people (i think). For two weeks (our last two weeks) there are all kinds of people here for some music camp/performance thing. they are mostly from China, Taiwan, etc., and it is bizarre, because most of them dont speak English OR FRENCH... also, although they are in the third residence (none of the French pragram students are) some families are staying in the large rooms in my residence, so there are two families with young girls on our floor, which is weird. they are all very annoying and dont really respect the fact that we actually came here for a purpose... yesterday when i was in line for supper, there was a large group of them ahead of me. When the guy asked for the next person to give an order, after waiting a minute to see if they were all done, i started to ask. All of a sudden, this boy (probably 10) screamed the creepiest, shrillest scream any boy could ever scream, and was like "no its my turn!"... so, he ordered at Hamburger Trio (meal) and then i ordered my Cheeseburger with bacon trio. they give you the cup to get your drink while you wait (the buy didnt know that obviously) and so i went and got my Coke (stupid cafeteria was out of root beer lol) and i went back and put it on my tray. at this point, i didnt know what the kid had ordered, so when the cafeteria girl asked for the person who got the cheeseburger to say what they want on it, the boy took forever in chinese to say what he wanted, and there was lots of pointing, and then the girl put the cheeseburger on the tray with my drink and he took it and left. i then had to tell the girl (who i talk to all the time, cuz the caf people are nice) that the stupid kid took my food... she felt so bad and made me a new one (obviously) and we discussed how hard it is for the cafeteria people to deal with all the people that cant speak French, or even English. i feel so bad for them!  anyway, im almost done... today in class we had to do a project where we were in groups of three, and each group has a person who can speak a third language (3 Cantonese, 1 Russian, Ukranian, Indian)... i was with Feona who speaks Cantonese, and Simone. we had to be french interviewers, but the third person had to talk only in their language, and then we had to make up what they were saying in french... it was very funny!    the best part was when Feona taught me how to say "lay pat pat ho dai" which means "you have a big butt" LOL  ok, thats all... going to eat lunch now. Au revoir!