I have been wanting to blog about my enrollment and my subjects/courses this semester, but I decided to wait until I cooled down a bit so that I will be able to think straight and see the bright side of everything.  I know how totally annoying it is (at times) to read about somebody just plain ranting and raving about how circumstances and all the powers in this universe are working together to ruin one's life.  I mean, I don't have anything against people writing about every single bad thing about their lives that you, sometimes, can't help but feel and say, "Oh, f*ck, life's really a bitch and there is absolutely nothing good about it!"  It's just that sometimes I can only take so much ranting and raving.  But then again, what are blogs for?  And, I find it nice that some people use blogging to at least free themselves from all the feeling of strangulation that life (being a bitch) gives them.  I will really try to be NOT one of those people who only see the negative.  Hmm, so help me, God...:)   ***********************   Okay, so enrollment in UP was June 2-14 and I went to the campus as early as June 2.  Amazingly, I finished everything in less than two hours.  That's because everyone's thinking that it would be better to start in the later days because that way others would have been done with their enrollment so there'll be few people in line and all.  Wrong!  People here seem to think alike so that come the last day of late registration, there's still a LOT of people standing in line that you'll have to wait a long time to have your turn.  Anyway, I took two courses, English 206 (The Structure of English) and English 207 (Semantics).  These are the only courses offered that I haven't taken yet.  I need to take  9 units so I can start writimg my thesis next semester.  I was really hoping and planning to take 295 (Colloquium), but it wasn't offered!  So, there... everything I planned out for the whole year was ruined!  Just because I couldn't take the course, I won't be able to finish on time!  Just because the course was not offered, I can't start my proposal!  Just because I couldn't take the course, I'll have to suspend all my "great" plans for one more year.  And, I couldn't petition for the course because I was the only one who really needed it this semester.  Other English majors have either taken the course or do not really need it at this time.  Oh, man!  Just when I thought I was really focused and bent on finishing the soonest possible time, this had to happen.  I was really pissed big time - beyond words!    But, then, as I tried to think about it after all the self-pitying and feeling ruined, I came to realize that there's a bright side to this.  I relized that because I will be delayed in my getting a Masters degree, I will have more time to be a student and enjoy living the life of one for a bit longer.  I will have more time to do research and really decide on what to write on in my thesis.  I will have more time to be in the safety of the school gates, so that I won't have to really face the "big, bad wolf" of the "real world out there" that's ready to pounce on anyone who comes in close proximity with it.  I realized that I will have more time to spend with my friends.  I realized that I will have all the time to think of what career path I really want!  And, I realized I will have more time to apply for other scholarships that might possibly come my way.  Hmm, so not being able to take 295 and being delayed in my graduation isn't really that bad after all.  Of course, there are a number of really "bad" things/consequences that come with it, like additional expenses for my parents and me among others.  But, I prefer not to think of these at this time.  I choose to see this as a "blessing in disguise" and it is (will be).:)