Mission Accomplished   A while back,  urlLink I announced my quest to find and read a genre-novel of solid literary merit .  The good news is, I've found it.  I've read it.  The bad news is that it is over 1200 pages long, 150 years old, French, and, well, a book most of us have lived our lives comfortably avoiding.  It's a book we all know of and can perhaps summarize, a novel our parents generation read much more widely, a book that will likely not excite you no matter what I say about it.  Still, in an effort to convince, consider the following passage on the Divine Justice:   I too have been carried up by Satan to the highest mountain on earth.  Once there he showed me the whole world and, as he did to Christ, said to me "Now, Son of Man, what do you want if you are to worship me?"  So I thought for a long time, because in reality a terrible ambition had long been devouring my soul.  Then I answered him: "Listen, I have always heard speak of Providence, yet I have never seen her or anything that resembled her, which makes me think that she does not exist.  I want to be Providence, because the thing I know which is finist, greatest and most sublime in this world is to reward and to punish."  But Satan bowed his head and sighed.  "You are wrong," he said.  "Providence does exist, but you cannot see her, because, as the daughter of God, she is invisible like her father.  You have seen nothing that resembles her because she proceeds by hidden means and walks down dark paths.  All that I can do for you is to make you one of the agents of this Providence."  The deal was concluded.  I shall perhaps lose my soul, but what matter?  If the deal had to be struck over again, I should do it.   If that isn't awesome enough for you, consider this description of a poisoner watching her victim die in her sleep:   She withdrew with such care that it was evident that she was afraid of the sound of her own feet on the carpet; yet, even as she went she still kept the curtain lifted, taking in the scene of death, which exercises an irresistable attraction when death is not decomposition but only immobility and, so long as it remains a mystery, does not yet inspire disgust.   There's a lot of other great passages, including a wonderful discussion of hashish followed by an equally wonderful description of its effects, but I'm getting sick of typing and I suspect you are getting sick of reading.   I'm quoting, of course, from  urlLink The Count of Monte Cristo .