Hello all, and welcome to another edition of  Life in a Small Japanese Town in the Mountains.   Today I read my bike to work and waved to all the staring people who kindly nodded to me and said ohayo gozaimasu. It`s really a pretty place, Oshima.  I`ve been studying some Kanji this morning as well. I wanted to know what the kanji on my toilet handle said as it can be turned both ways. One says Dai which is big and one says Sho which is little.  So you have the grand flush and the small flush. Interesting huh?  I made a grand meal of spaghetti for dinner last night with some eggplant and cucumbers in it that I got from a teacher at the Junior High School.  A huge group of elementary students carrying musical instruments in cases and flags just came in to the BOE so maybe we`ll hear some music shortly. In a way I`ve felt like a toddler again, although one who can cook for herself.  It`s hard to talk to people, I can`t read anything, and even the road is backwards! But it has been a very fun adventure so far.  I only wish there was a native English speaker here  to share it with.  But hey, ya`ll are all reading this so you can share in it a bit as well. So please come on this adventure with me! Oh, also my cell phone has a camera on it! Sugoi desu ne! But I have to find out about getting a cord to download it to the computer. Still it`s really cool.  I went to bed really early last night. (well by 10pm) even though I wanted to study and learn how to make a cd from my video camera, I was just too tired. As for losing weight in Japan.  Well, I don`t foresee that happening too soon unless I start biking a lot more and walking, but it`s chooooo atsui (so hot!).  As for those who are hoping to talk to me on the phone soon, I have my cell number if you want to call. But I can`t call long distance until my first paycheck is put in the bank and I can sign up for worldlink. At least I can email everyday (not sure about weekends). Tomorrow is the festival in Oshima. They call it Natsu Matsuri which is just summer festival. The BOE is supposed to be one team in a tug of war competition.   I really think everyone here is cute.  I hope that`s not rude to say, I mean, I do take them seriously, but they all have wonderful personalities and everyone in the office is very close. It has been a great experience. I hope I can learn to read more kanji so I know whether that other bottle of laundry stuff is detergent or fabric softener, or stain remover? As for you other ALTs, please come visit. My apato wa chisaii desu, demo I`ll put away the kotetsu table and you are welcome to stay in beautiful Oshima and go to an onsen with me. Feel free to leave comments on this site. Arrigatou gozaimasu.