So I'm still not well. It is really testing my patience! Thank you Richard for your last comment. I will put together a list of places to see in Cairo and Luxor, and then Egypt as a whole.  Today has been a weird day with a totally unusual thing happening. Yesterday I was called by a friend to see if I would be interested in any voice over work. I thought, yeah, why not. I used to be in a theatre company in the UK called the Barton Green Players in New Malden, London. The theatre world was becoming a distant memory so I jumped at the opportunity to do some more!   I wait with my friend on the steps of a gas company waiting to be collected and taken to the studio (doesn't that sound cool!!!) Eventually we are located. Once at the studio, there is no audition! How strange I hear you yell! We are sitting on rickety chairs in an entranceway to the studio. Other people are being recorded so we wait. We played "I Spy with my little eye..." It was fun! We are then taken into the studio. We are given a text to read...  We are reading the parts of pillow #1 and pillow #2. Yours truly was Pillow #2. I feel I put a lot of character into my part, I really established motives and underlying feelings!!!!!!! OF A PILLOW???!!!  The voice over work is for an animated version of the life of the Prophet Mohamed (PBUH) You have to add the bracketed letters as a sign of respect in Islam. The directors want really British people to do the parts. As I said earlier, it was a very weird situaion.  My friend and I (I think I shall call my friend Kimberly from now on. It's a good pseudonym and she knows it's her) then progressed to Genina Mall in Nasr City where we watched Spiderman 2. It was surprisingly good. I hadn't expected it. Any readers who have seen Spidy2 please comment and let me know what you though of it.  When we came back, I found Penny was feeding her puppies. I want to upload an image but I first have to convince my computer that it's ok to use Hello software. I gave her a rawhide bone. She was happy to see me but was confused by the bone. I daresay she ate it without any problems.  Went to Karaoke at Bullseye tonight. Every Wednesday is Karaoke and I have to be there. If I am not, then the world will explode and people will be forced to live in trees floating through space, boldly searching for new life and new civilisations; boldly going where no man powered trees have gone before! LOL  Anyway, sleepy now. Have a nice night/day wherever you may be and if you visit here, place a pin in the map!  Ishta! (cool!)