Trust me! I know what I'm doing...   I woke up this morning with the attitude  urlLink I had scraped up earlier . Rather early, on top of that. I  knew  that I'd have to spends some time getting my car out of the snow (which mainly consists of brushing it off the car and scraping the ice off the windshield). What I didn't expect was having to spend ten minutes shoveling to free the tires. But it was good exercise, and the cool air was quite refreshing actually, what with there being hardly any wind. I got to school just in time (good thing I didn't stop at  urlLink Tim Hortons  for my usual tea and donut. Yes, you read right,  tea  and donut. I'm glad to tell you that I haven't touched coffee for over a month now. Anyway, as I was telling, I got to  urlLink class  just in time, still feeling a bit down about school... And after 50 minutes I was a changed man. Yep, hard to think that one course can change my opinion about school, but this one somehow cheer me up every time I go. It probably has to do a lot with the fact that the entirety of the course revolves around in-class discussion and there's practically no lecture.  After class I spent a little time configuring an Apache webserver as a proxy so that I can use my IM from school. Which reminds me: There is something wrong about the security on a campus when they are in the process of disabling ftp in favor of sftp but actually cheer people on to use  telnet  to log into their accounts. Shame on them I say.  In the afternoon I began freaking out because I had no clue what to do for the  urlLink Software Architecture  assignment, what with starting late and all. And  then  I met with Lixiao (who happened to be without a team as well so we paired up) and it turns out that it's a piece of cake. Her software model had some minor bugs in it which I ironed out, and now I'm writing up the dependencies and module interactions. This turns out to be easier than I thought. I think I'm actually going to enjoy this class as well! When I got back I went through another shoveling adventure... The driveway had about 2-3 inches of tight packed snow. I figured that it would be no problem to get in, what with me being able to leave in the morning.  Big mistake . I got maybe two feet into the driveway when the wheels started spinning free. I had to dig myself out of the snow again. So I said "screw this" and parked the car on the street, and then I spent some good twenty minutes clearing the driveway.  And then the nap. Mmm, I so do love those.