Before leaving my house to go meet my husband for lunch, I was surfing the web and came across this add for "The Hilton Project". It's described as a show where a rich lady (Mrs. Hilton) takes plebeans from the middle and lower classes, exposes them to culture and money and then weeds them out to find the most deserving. I guess that means she has to choose who needs refinement and society most out of all of them.   In the midst of my quiet morning I consider applying.  Then I meet Jon and we go to lunch together (we never go to lunch together). We go to one of those terribly depressing restaurants you find in strip malls where the restaurant is defined solely by its decor and you realize it serves the exact same food as the place across the street.   Things were slow and our waitress was really nice only, as she was handing us the bill she did one of those things that I treasure! Move over reality show, hello reality.  One of my favorite things in the world is meeting with a person who gives too much information. I love the stranger who, in three minutes, bares their soul and I'm left wondering how to respond. I love it!  The waitress is performing typically nice, polite banter as she serves us until the moment she gives us the check and lets us know she's been working there four months and has had five different bosses and the boss she had first pulled her aside and told her she was fat. She went on to say how she could've sued for something like that but didn't. Good to know.  Back at the ranch I return to my computer and contemplate once again the idea of being on a reality show and it dawns on me that fabricated reality doesn't hold a candle to the priceless gems I experience on a daily basis just living my life. Mrs. Hilton, if you can guarantee me moments when I can be utterly amused by the human condition as I am when I go out to lunch with Jon, then perhaps I'll look into your show. But if the lights, cameras and editing rob me of the simple delights I get from normal conversation and regular midwestern living that I have now, then I'd prefer to pass just the same.