Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. Write down what it says: "Invite people to arrive at a certain time."  Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first? Packing tape on my dad's bookshelf  What is the last thing you watched on TV? Good question... I can't even remember the last time I watched TV, let alone what I watched  WITHOUT LOOKING, guess what the time is: 7:15  Now look at the clock, what is the actual time?: 7:45  With the exception of the computer, what can you hear? My mother rummaging in the kitchen.  When did you last step outside? What were you doing? early this evening. I work outside- and I was coming home  Before you came to this website, what did you look at? a friend's live journal   What are you wearing?: jeans and a farm t-shirt  Did you dream last night? yes- it reminded me of the play I read before falling asleep  When did you last laugh? Today- I am easily amused. (actually- I laughed while doing interviews!)  What is on the walls of the room you are in?: lol- do you really want to know? My dad's office scares the best of folks :)  Seen anything weird lately? the little wormy thing from The Labyrinth  What book are you currently reading? Amadeus (the play- not the one I read last night)and The Power of One by Bryce Courtenay  What is the last book you finished? Lily, the Felon's Daughter (the play i read last night)   What do you think of this quiz? ummm... not bad- could use some more questions  What is the last film you saw? The Importance of Being Earnest   If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first? MMMM... where to begin... I want to build a youth hostel for urban troubled youth and use it to tell them about Christ. I'd prolly use most of it in that. I'd also like to set some aside specifically for my youth group to use and maybe help international students through school at  urlLink Emmaus   (my alma mater)   Tell me something about you that I don't know: I like to look nice  If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you change? thing wouldn't cost as much- some things are so over priced  Do you like to dance? I love to dance (never been professionally trained- it's just something I love to play w)  George Bush: is he a power-crazy nut case or someone who is finally doing something that has needed to be done for years? I like George Bush.. but it's a touchy subject, even in my family and with my closest friends, I am trying to stay out of it.   What is the last thing you ate or drank: coffee w/ ice cream  Imagine your first child is a girl, what do you call her?   Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him?   Would you ever consider living abroad? Most definitely! One of my dreams is to teach overseas.