Today is my birthday, but don’t worry you’re off the hook because I celebrated it yesterday. For the record, I am now 23. Some of you have suggested that I am older or younger so I am setting the record straight. I had a lot of gun yesterday. James and I met my parents in Tupelo and ate at Vanelli’s. We then went to the Tupelo Flea Market to see all the stuff (I mainly like looking at all the animals) and kill time before the Buffalo Park opened. They had a lion, a tiger and a bear at the Buffalo Park (plus a lot of monkeys, snakes, goats, deer, a pair of giraffes, a pair of ostriches, some emus, some camels, two alligators, a skunk, birds, lizards, a ferret, donkeys, horses, etc… Oh! and lots of Buffalo (a white one named Dakota).  We went on a tour of the park on a “bus” pulled by a tractor. Our guide seemed neither knowledgeable of the American English language and how we use it or the animals he was showing us. He kept talking about how bad his knees were and his last knee surgery, etc. It was kind of funny, I am still not sure if he was one of the attractions or not. One of the monkeys was watching Nascar in its cage (it had a little black and white TV/Radio). I think they both probably have a lot in common, except maybe the monkey had a better command of the American English language. Why bother going to the Delta to teach English, perhaps I will just go to the Buffalo Park, at least there you get free drink refills!  Where credit is due.  Thanks to Mum and Daddy for taking us to lunch, the flea market and the Buffalo Park. We had a lot of fun and I am already enjoying my new printer/scanner/copier! Thanks to Gran and Granpa for the lovely card and the call right after midnight (their time, a little after 6 pm our time) to be the first to wish me a happy birthday (it was July 12th over there). Thanks to Meredith for the funny (ha ha) card and the phone call on my birthday! Last but definitely not least—James picked out a wonderful card and a really cool vanity table and mirror and he put a lot of thought into what style of furniture I like, what would match my decorating style, etc. I am still picking myself off the floor. All in all I feel very special, so thanks to the people who remembered my birthday this year and made it special for me.