FRIDAY NIGHT: me, Sarah, Chris, and Matt went to Québec in the afternoon. we just looked around a bit, ate supper at Subway, that sort of stuff. then, Sarah and I left the others and we went to meet the rest of our group (most people were getting there by the bus from the school because they hadn't gone to Québec earlier) to go on the Ghost Walk. It lasted about an hour and a half, and it was interesting. Since it was all in French, you had to always be paying attention or you would get lost (i did once or twice) but it was easy to understand if you listened. Marie-Josée was the animateur with us, and since she does ghost tours as her normal job, she told some of the stories herself (i always liked her stories better than the ones the other lady told lol). It wasnt really scary, except for when we went into this church at the end and it was all dark and the woman told some creepy stories. On the way back to the campus, some of the kids had had some things to drink, and i watched one girl puke on two separate buses. YAY. The people of Québec will be so glad when we are gone... their buses will no longer be overcrowdewd full of puking kids and singing Mexicans LOL      THE WORST SATURDAY: 7:51 i woke up. the bus for the Biodome in Montreal is leaving at 8. i jump out of bed, get ready faster than anyone ever has before, run down the stairs, all the way to the cafeteria (while putting on my belt), buy my lunch, run back to the parking lot and get on the bus at 8:02. my alarm clock had been set for 6:30PM. three hours on the bus... not bad... i slept on the floor, with Short Matt's bag as a pillow... a water bottle digging into my neck. it WAS comfortable. we got to the Biodome, ate the lunch that we had bought in the cafeteria, and then it was time to go in. yay... 100 kids piling in all at once, as well as all the people on vacation during the busiest weekend of the year. it was hot, it was crowded, but at the end we got to see penguins so it was worth it (except all the babies were really ugly! LOL). then it was time to leave the Biodome and go to the botanical gardens/insectarium.... it was raining so hard that it was like taking 100 showers at once. we waited at the door of the Biodome until the bus was good and ready to let us on, then we ran, but we still got DRENCHED. everybody is wet... we get to the insectarium and the rain has stopped, but we are still soaked. go inside, look at bugs... there is a scale where you can determine your weight in ants. at first, i was 4 000 000 ants, but then five minutes later, i was only 3 200 000 ants!    i only have five minutes so i need to speed up my story. we were constantly getting dry and wet all day. we went to downtown Montreal to eat supper and shop if we wanted to, and we saw an awesome candy store so we went to it. then, when we got on the bus to go back (remember, 3 hours) and i found out that my CD player was broken from all the rain. i was SO MAD. so, i tried to sleep most of the way home, with nothing to listen to. the ride was very long and boring. at one point, Sarah and I were both asleep (we were beside each other) and we woke up at the same time both thinking that we were very close to the campus, but it turned out that we were still 45 minutes away!!!  we got back and i went to bed, but i wanted to check my CD player one more time.... it works.... but that wasnt a happy ending to Crappy Saturday, because it was after midnight... it was the beginning of Happy Sunday.      ****it is now time for me to leave, so i will come back later to talk about Happy Sunday, today, and the fact that four days from now i will be on a train :(    Au revoir!