weekends seem to go by so fast...even when i'm not doing anything.  i spent most of yesterday doing stuff with my computer (installing new stuff and upgrading) and calling about apartments.  so far we haven't had much luck on the apartment search.  it's actually quite difficult to find 2 bedroom apartments.  i don't have school tomorrow...yay!  however, we do have staff development so i do have to get up early and go to the school.  i've realized that i am going to miss my classes that i have now.  as much trouble as they've given me, there are so many really nice students that seem to really care about me and like having me.  i've heard so many times this semester that this is the first time some of my students have gotten A's in math...and it's not because my class is easy.  it's actually quite hard and all of my A students have really had to work to earn it.  they are taking their finals on thursday.  i hope they do well.  i am doing so much better than i was doing a month or two ago.  however, my room is very much not feeling like my room anymore.  i've packed up almost all of my things minus the clothes and my computer.  there aren't any pictures around...nothing that brings about good memories...although nothing that brings about bad memories either.  i've been sleeping decent lately, for the most part.  i've been having less trouble falling asleep but it's been restless sleep and i've been waking up several times a night finding it hard to go back to sleep.  i've been having some pretty weird dreams too.  i'll have a dream and it will be followed by another that doesn't have anything to do with the one before it but somehow my brain connects them.  there are always strings of about 6 dreams intertwined like this.  it's really bizarre.  anyway, it's sunday morning.  the day i usually go to cracker barrel with the boys, or at least kurt.  he didn't get home until really late last night though so i don't think he's going to want to go.  i asked shea but i'm guessing he won't want to go for fear of me talking to him or something...heaven forbid.  maybe i'll just go by myself.  i also want to go see big fish, so maybe i'll go do that too.  we'll see i guess.