POST-JAPAN!!!     Well, I guess some of you might be wondering about my Post-Japan plans as my contract here will end on July 27th.  It's amazing that I have almost spent an entire year here.  Anyway, I have now accepted a job that will in fact lead me to Europe for a September 1st starting date.  I will be working privately for a family that lives in both Spain and Switzerland. They go back and forth between the two and I will of course go back and forth with them.  My responsibilities are a bit interesting to say the least. This family has a live-in babysitter and live-in domestic help so I won't be doing much of any of that stuff. My responsibilities will be helping them with English, driving the kids places and hanging out with them, and just basically being around when they need me.  There are 4 kids that range in age from 9 1/2 to 13 and they are all therefore in school for at least 7 hours a day.  It should be an interesting experience and hopefully give me ample time to travel as well as work on my Spanish a bit.   Now I guess some of you are wondering where exactly in Spain and Switzerland I will be.  While in Spain I will be living in Ibiza, a nice Island in the middle of the mediterranean 90 kilometers off of the east coast of Spain.  It is one of the Balearic Islands.  To read a bit about this destination (quite the tourist and party island) just click on this link  urlLink www.ibiza-spotlight.com .    In Switzerland I will be living in Neuchatel.  It is 25 miles (40 km) to the west of Bern. Neuchatel, the cantonal seat, is situated at the foot of the Jura Mountains on one of the largest lakes in Switzerland. The city is acclaimed academically because of its outstanding prep schools and university. It's also said that the purest French spoken in Switzerland is spoken in Neuchatel.      So that's a little bit of info on my life after Japan.  I will be in the U.S. in the end of July and all of August and hope to see as many of you as possible.  Right now my plans include a stop in Chicago and Atlanta before returning home.