A diary is a fascinating thing.  As with any piece of writing, diaries (note: for the purposes of this post, I will use diary, blog, and journal as synonyms) offer the reader a glimpse of what is going on within the mind of the writer.  What makes a diary more interesting than, say, a novel or academic paper is that a diary, by it's very nature, contains the writer's innermost thoughts and commentaries on his/herself.   It captures, as best words can (or rather, as best the writer's own mastery of words can), the essence of what makes one tick.  A diary is the closest thing we have to answering the age old question of "What the hell was I thinking when I did/said [insert stupid thing]?"   Of course, there are some flaws inherent in keeping a diary.  The first of which is, as I alluded to before, a matter of the linguistic limitations of the author.  How many times have you thought a thought without thinking of it in words?  It's perfectly clear to you in your head, but the moment you try to put it to paper or explain it to a friend...you are unable to harness the words necessary to sufficiently express this thought.     Assuming that the thoughts are able to be shared through words.  It now becomes a matter of deciding just how much the writer is willing to put into words.  I firmly believe that one of the most frightening things in this world is truly understanding yourself.  I have yet to meet a person who has not, in some way or another, denied themselves some small truth about their own fears, weaknesses, or shortcomings.  As I write, I am at constant battle with myself over how deep into my own mind I am willing to delve.  My hope is that, with time, I will find a level of comfort with myself that allows my words to flow uninhibited.  For now though, everything I write will likely be a few mental steps short of their potential conclusion.   Perhaps the most limiting element of blogging is that it takes the previously elxclusively private practice of keeping a diary and puts it on the most public of forums.  Whereas diaries are tucked away in the secret compartment of our closet, behind the shoe box filled with the complete set of 1987 Topps baseball cards, latched with the proverbial small brass lock, for only the writer's eyes to see...blogs are available for the entire world to see.  Family, friends, colleagues, and even total strangers are able to read what I write.  With so many prying eyes ready to read, the words I type will undoubtedly go through editing and reworking before I approve them for public viewing.  Anything shared over blogs are shaped to create a persona that the writer is comfortable being perceived as.   For instance, I'm certain that any stories of my triumphs or successes will be toned down so as not to come across as self-serving or conceited and that the most despicable of my thoughts or actions will be ommitted so as not to come across as a complete jackass.  Maybe the best advice I can offer is that whenever you read something on my blog that makes me look like a good and decent person, I've only written it because I'm an egomaniac and I want you to love me.  And when you read something that makes me look like a scummy piece of shit...chances are I've actually done something much worse and that I am indeed a jackass.   All of the above is dependent upon laziness.  Or lack thereof.  Everytime I tried to begin a journal in the past, I've submitted a few entries, gotten extremely lazy, and subsequently stopped the process altogether.  When I was in Australia, I promised myself to keep a journal detailing my exploits down under.  Through my first two nights, I was a perfect 2 for 2...sizing up my new roommate and surroundings and expressing my excitement.  Six months later, while packing up my belongings for my return back home, I was moved to add an entry to summarize my Aussie experience.  It was the 3rd (and final)  entry into my journal.   Assuming that a writer does stick with it and post entries on a semi-regular basis and assuming that what is written is not just self-congratulatory fluff...it still leaves the element of  you,  the reader.  It would be so nice (and totally unrealistic) if a blogger was unconcerned with how readers will react to his/her words.  But the very notion of posting one's thoughts on the Internet means that one wants a reaction.  We want to know that what we have done is worthwhile, that the thoughts we have are intriguing, that the jokes we tell are funny, and that the stories we tell are captivating.  We want to know we are important.  If not, we'd still be keeping our thoughts in that tiny locked notebook behind the shoebox in our closet.   What this all adds up to is: IF I am motivated far enough beyond lethargy so as to actually compose a post and... IF the thoughts I have are authentic and uncensored and... IF I am able to sufficiently capture my thoughts in words and... IF I deem those words worthy of being posted publicly without significant alteration for fear of public humiliation or ostricization and... IF you are interested enough to read, interpret, and eventually respond to my words... THEN and only then, will this whole blogging nonsense be considered a success   So the next time you check out my blog to see whatever words of wisdom I have decided to share with you, remember that what you're reading is nothing more than a textual hot dog...the words that comprise what I've written are little more than unmentionably nausiating fragments of a larger idea...chopped up, minced, processed, recycled, blended, colored and tubed for easier comsumption.  In the end, perhaps it's best to just read what's written...enjoy it or hate it...but never ask what the real thoughts and ingredients are.