*Quick note:  If this sounds a little bit like a technical political essay I have to inform you now that I am using most of this writing not only to inform all of you of everything that is going on here in Boston, but also I am turning this in for credit to my group leader here at the Washington Center.  Dr. Maisel brought up some valid points during this mornings lecture on the nominating process. How can someone design a process where the best two people for the job run against each other at the end? This tends to conjure up a quick discussion of one thing that I have noticed about the people here at the Washington Center. They do not necessarily like John Kerry, or even think that he was the best candidate for the job, but they certainly despise George Bush.  The current presidential nomination process is very different from the process in place prior to the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. In this year Eugene McCarthy challenged incumbent President Lyndon Johnson for the Democratic nomination. McCarthy ran under a peace banner and wanted to get our troops out of Vietnam. McCarthy put in a strong showing in the New Hampshire primary, and Johnson decided to pull out of the race for President. RFK had entered the fray prior to that and this convinced Johnson that he couldn’t win. Kennedy won a series of primaries and was on his way to capture the nomination, before a bullet took his life in California.  Kennedy was the primary season winner and the man who would be nominated at the convention in Chicago, now that he was dead, who would run under the Democratic banner? Hubert H. Humphrey, the Vice-President of the United States, a man that had not even entered the primaries was able to gather enough delegates support to nominate him, even before the convention took place. People cried foul and rose up to protest. The party answered with committees to review how their system worked.  The McGovern/Fraiser committee found that each state had different ways of choosing their delegates. In 1968, 16 states had primaries, 25 had caucuses, and the rest let their states Governor choose the delegates. (At this point it got a little hazy, I was tired and passed out for a while.)  Frontloading a primary gives even more added weight to the winner of the early primaries. If they were spread out further, people might have the chance at launching a comeback, but as it stands now, after New Hampshire and Iowa, someone is in bad shape if they didn’t win at least one of them.  Dr. Susan Bear, spoke about the complete differences in organizing in the Democratic and Republican parties. The GOP feels that all power should be at the state and local levels; while the Dems feel that a strong national party is essential to its survival.  We had a reception at City Hall today. This thing was by far the biggest event planning disaster I had ever seen. We were actually sitting all dressed up in concrete stairs. At the bottom of those stairs stood the mayor of Boston talking over this horrible PA system that no one could hear. I had to high tail it out of there quickly; the bright side is that I got the chance to eat for free anyway.  Later this evening I went to Cambridge to look around Harvard square. It is a very nice area, and was delighted to see so many people out and about on a nice summer evening. I ducked in to a bar and grill called the Cambridge Common. A nice place it kind of reminded me of an Applebee’s restaurant a square bar in the center of the restaurant and tables around it. I sat at the bar watching the game for a while the game started off with the Baltimore Orioles scoring early and then the Sox tying it in the 4th .It looked promising for a while until Pedro gave up a few hits and all went down hill from there.  There were two older gentlemen sitting next to me watching the game as well. I started to speak to them and turns out that one was a retired Psychiatrist and the other was a Professor of Social Sciences over at Harvard. Two very nice gentlemen, but as I began to speak to them more and more, the thought occurred to me. These guys aren’t liberal minds. These two are conservative in their ideology. We spoke about many different things, from the cost of medicine (which the Doctor said was too high, and even advocated a free market economy on our medicines.); too why the insurance agency sucks, and even spoke about Iraq, and the release of the 9/11-commission report.  We spoke for a few hours and exchanged stories. It was rather enjoyable to see a different point of view, considering I am with many like-minded individuals, and it is rather tough to get a dissenting opinion over here. The Psychiatrist did give me a quote that I have to send back to all of you. This is originally a French quote, but Winston Churchill later borrowed it. “A man that isn’t liberal before the age of 30, has no heart. A man that isn’t conservative after 30, has no brain.” So sorry to my GOP brother out there, but now I can understand the heart problems at such a young age, and as for my red haired friend out across the Mississippi, thats a cold blooded thing to say.