Gosh, I'm feeling snarky this evening. It's just past 11 p.m., and though I've been tired all day, I am nowhere near ready to go to bed and sleep. At the same time, I currently have the attention span of a gnat, so can't concentrate on any of my projects.  Like earlier today, I had suddenly gotten it into my head to reorganize and put into chronological order ALL of my family pictures that I had brought with me when I moved last year. What the hell prompted me to start that?! I don't know, but I managed to sort out a humongous stack of photos, which represents about half of the total, before I ran out of steam ... and I still have yet to ferret out the duplicates! D'oh! I'm just glad that what I have here is only a fraction of what it  could  be, considering the boxes and boxes of pictures that are in storage back in New Jersey.  Then there's this little seashell   urlLink  cross-stitch project   , which I started way back in January. I intended it to be a birthday gift for my grandmother, but didn't have it finished in time, so it's been languishing ever since. I started working on it again recently, because I really would like to have it done before I receive the order I placed with   urlLink  Nordic Needle    ... but it's sure not going to happen tonight! I just feel too fidgety.  I also got my PS2   urlLink  Killzone    beta-test kit today. Even though I don't really care for first person shooters (i.e., I really suck at them), it's always cool to be a beta-tester. I mean, you get to play a game that hasn't been released yet -- how sweet is that? And by so doing, hopefully have some input into the final version of the game. Just for example, I was a beta-tester for   urlLink  The Sims Online   , and that was truly a terrific, not to mention life-altering, experience. I met a lot of really interesting and fun people through TSO, including -- believe it or not -- my fiancé! So yeah, I'm geek enough to be all over a beta-test opportunity (at least in terms of gaming), but I can't quite muster up the desire right now to fire up the PS2 and see what   urlLink  Killzone    is all about.  And speaking of video games, I started a new one of   urlLink  Harvest Moon: Save the Homeland    yesterday. I still prefer the PSOne version of   urlLink  Harvest Moon: Back to Nature   , but I find both of them problematic in their own ways. BtN is definitely the superior game, in my considered opinion, due to it's surprising depth. But that is, unfortunately, also it's biggest drawback. StH for PS2 tries to address this by scaling the gameplay back in certain areas, but I feel that the result is that the game has lost a great deal of its heart. Streamlining doesn't have to mean simplifying. So while StH kept me occupied for a few hours yesterday, I'm not altogether certain I'll be continuing with it.  I'm just hoping that when   urlLink  The Sims 2    comes out next month, it'll be worth the  looooong  wait.  So where does that leave me? Antsy and gritty-eyed, and spending too much time browsing through blogs thanks to Blogger's new "Next Blog" button at the top of most pages.  (Please be advised that for the next section I am purposefully omitting any user names/IDs/weblog titles in order to protect the ignorant ... I mean, the innocent ...)  I really don't mean to be uncharitable, but sheesh! I have seen far too many blogs tonight written by junior high and high school students, most of them complaining about how much they hate school. Though the most memorable was a 9th-grade girl's blog, which consisted solely of I LOVE SO-AND-SO copied and pasted literally thousands of times. That's it. Okay, she did change the font color every couple hundred iterations, but I mean really! Doesn't she know what notebook paper is for? Only slightly above this level were the plethora of college students just starting their fall semester. They at least tend to stick to posting their class schedules (in order to bitch about the times), textbook titles and prices (to complain about  that ), and their homework/reading assignments (which of course is way too much).  Now I've done my share of pissing and moaning about everything school-related when I was in that situation, too, including that last go-round in college where I actually (mostly) enjoyed it. So I can pretty much forgive at least some of them. But then there are these other blogs, which are painfully badly written. I'm talking about a total and utter disregard for any conventions of grammar, spelling, punctuation, or for that matter, any semblance of coherency. Yes, I admit I am a bit of a snob when it comes to writing. And I fully acknowledge that I occasionally make typos and misspellings, that my grammar is not perfect, and that there are certain words I use far too frequently ... but I make the effort to write as well and as clearly as I can. I can't imagine that anyone can find a valid excuse for the butchery of the written word that permeates the 'Net   in spite of the fact that computer users have spelling and grammar checking tools at their very fingertips!!!   I do understand that the 'Net, particularly through the prevalence of IMing, has come to be a place for very informal communication. But what I have seen goes far beyond informality. This is one of my soapboxes issues, and as someone who once briefly considered becoming an English teacher, I would go so far as to say that it offends me on a very basic level.  Okay, I'm shaking it off, and am going to stop sniping now. I would just like to add that there was one blog I came across that really did grab me, and so I have added a link to it here. It's called   urlLink  MY WAR   ; the author,   urlLink  CBFTW   , is a soldier currently stationed in Iraq. It makes for some extremely interesting reading.  And that's it; I'm done. It is now well past midnight, so I am going to turn in and hope I can sleep, now that I've vented a bit.  P.S. -- Don't think for a moment that the irony escapes me that I spent a good portion of this post complaining about people complaining about stuff in their posts ... Isn't life just  delicious  at times? ;)