It seems the important things in life become the most trivial when you put on a cynic's cap. Yet, sometimes all it takes is a song to remind you why we love certain dreams of our own. Its a change of clothes to alter the mood entirely. You put them on to feel new again despite the number of times you have heard the song before....  Rob Fleming vs. Rob Gordon is just how i feel right about now. My eyes look lackadaisical and drained. I wonder if this is how John Lennon felt during the infamous Lost Weekend. This is my unproductive era even though the money is good. Jobs in Japan clash with Seattle sounds. Though i shouldn't complain. I am better off than most teachers i know in Korea, yet i feel a bit knackered in a rather obtuse way. This fatigue extends to making plans within a year's time for God knows what.  i try not to think about it too much right now. it will be awhile until i start i singing, "i have to admit its getting better...." Seems as i have been chasing that dragon of a moment ever since high school.  Good Morning, Good Morning.  i stayed up all night listening to Neil Young and The Beatles remembering how it feels to smile without looking in a mirror. I haven't done that in a while. Listening to particular music right there and then simply.... because i felt like it. This custom of mine is always spontaneous as well, just how it should be. i took advantage of that rare time because these ears have not seen many moments like these to celebrate. It would've been better if i've had some wine in the house to drink in tandem to the music. Red merlot would have been right on the mark. Something right out of a Nick Hornby novel.  A Day in the Life.  John, Paul, George, and Ringo. I found something in these songs i had forgotten long ago. If all you need is love why isn't it so hard to remember? Love doesn't pay the bills the cynics whine. Well, that's not the kind of love they were singing about, it alludes to something else altogether.  If you had to emulate something about kindness and cruelty which one would you rather prefer? Of course being an asshole is an universal concept regardless of race, breeding, and nationality. Then again, I don't want to be like everyone else. All i need is love though it might be different from yours. The Beatles mean different things to the same people. Fatherhood, for example. John Lennon was supposed to be a real asshole to his son Julian, yet the man wrote some of the most touching songs ever.  Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.  If i ever became a father i would prefer a daughter. I always read about how historically male heirs were so important to so-and-so's bloodline and family name in chronicled texts. Machismo makes me sick to my stomach, so if i had to make my own history i would let it be remembered for something else than a mere name.  Lovely Rita Meter Maid.  I am not certain about fatherhood someday but i feel i wouldn't do such a bad job before they hit puberty. My own parents were just not key in this stage of life. Even more so in my sister's case. Of course, I would make mistakes as any caring parent will most certainly do. Love is all you need. All you need is love. Enough love to go around to compensate for the lack of funds and finances. Love of wanting to spend time with your kids no matter how difficult their personalities or how impossible your personal life is. Love of liberal ideas and values letting your children learn about life without suffocating them with draconian measures, child abuse need not apply.  Love of music.  I would imbue a sense of good taste in music to my offspring. For obvious reasons, this is vastly important to me. It would give the kids and i something to bond over and share no matter the years that separate us. By then, i will hope to have accquired a larger record collection than my present one at the moment and i would leave all my vinyl to them. Taking my kids to see live music would become a necessary staple of family life. It would be musicians of merit with some actual integrity.  With a Little Help from My Friends.  i wonder if these possible future extensions of me will be some of the loveliest people you could ever meet. A little love and affection goes a long way in this world of cynics and racists. After that, you would have to cross that line of being a parent to being on equal terms with your adult children. Sort of like friends if they can tolerate you by that point. Swigging pints of beer and laughing about something or another. Growing older, i would call these future periods my Wonder Years with Ringo singing in the background. Not Joe Cocker.  When I'm Sixty-Four.  I am turning older next month. 25 years old, my silver anniversary. Is it so strange to dream of a future fatherhood? Preferably with some wonderful woman somewhere down the road of time. Exactly what do other men my age dream about? When i was younger i wanted different things, at least i knew that. Time changes minds as often as we quote ourselves quoting others. John Lennon once said life is what happens to you when you are busy making plans. Lots of people don't know what they want in life. I should be so fortunate i know at least one thing i want to do.  Getting Better.  i would like to father a daughter someday. Maybe even buy her a guitar should she ever consent to learning how to play. My family was never a musical one. I never quite understood why my brother Lali hated The Beatles. He just never gave me a convincing argument to specify why. I just simply assumed he would appreciate this particular group. I have no idea what he is going to let his kids listen to. He is on his 3rd son at the present moment yet to beget a daughter. I think the extended family could benefit from having a niece in their midst. They will, no doubt, need some sort of music refinement. I guess i will have to be a clever uncle in the absence of a cooler older brother or sister in the vein of "Almost Famous". I'd sneak those nephews essential pop records such as The Who's "Tommy", The Beach Boys "Pet Sounds", Pearl Jam "No Code" and The Shins "Chutes too Narrow".  Maybe Lali would come around years later to the idea of loving The Beatles if i made him a proper mixtape. He needs to think about music other than what he listens to on his car stereo. Otherwise i'll be the guy taking his kids to concerts, if i never have any of my own, singing along with the band.     "....and i'll try not to sing out of key." - JL