What a night.  I think that sums it up.  For more details please read on.  I will do my best to recall the events of early 04.  Things started at Asma's around 10 or so.  There was some confusion as to if a new teacher was coming but luckily it was a false alarm and the party roared on.  There was Jaeger to be had and peach schnopps (sp?).  I have to confess I'm not a big fan of the J but I really liked the mix.  I think I had about 4 shots.  I also confess that I ate almost all of the Pringles Mieka brought over.  I hope I spelt your name right this time.  I can't see my comments on this computer so I can't check, sorry.  Anyway, there was nice crowd that showed up which included a new guy from NY who seems cool enough.  Cool people are always welcome in the friend group.  Fenton broke out the Q pack which, while filled with alcoholic goodness, proved to be his ultimate undoing for the night I think.  I think I said the word "giver" yesterday more than I've every said it before in my life.  We rolled out to the park and saw the bell ring and then jumped around and acted stupid.  Some old woman start video taping us just b/c we were foreign and really drunk.  Gabe, fountain and I split another Q pack, which I think I took care of most of it.  It really wasn't that cold which made for a nice New Years.  I ran into the lady I usually by kimbap from there in the park.  That was a little awkward.  I wanted to say "no I'm really not holding 1.6L of OB and I'm not really that drunk and these aren't my equally drunk insanely loud friends".  Instead I smiled, bowed and said Happy New Year.   Next we went to TC.  I thin I'm going on a Commune strike.  I just can't take it any more.  Strange stuff happened here.  First while I was standing outside waiting for Son-young to finish using my phone I saw a pretty good Korean fight.  I'm still out to lunch on her.  I don't really know her but I don't get a real positive vibe from her.  Next I saw Becky bust ass on the pavement.  I didn't laugh that much, but it was a little funny.  I went to help but Simon and someone else had already helped her up.  Apparently she fell down the stairs later but I wasn't witness to that.  Stuff then go stepped up a notch when some dude named Nick hit fountain in the face.  This wasn't cool.  Luckily it didn't go any further.  We eventually made it out.  Instead of going directly to GR we made a stop at my favorite O-deng stand.  Here I have to thank Asma and Caleb for feeding me.  Oh, Alex showed up at TC rip roaring drunk so I had to send her on her way home.  GR was cool.  There are a lot of Pakis here, that or they just all hang out at GR.  I met a girl there and got the digits.  She is an English teacher, I think.  Either way she speaks it well.  I'll call tomorrow.  We were there  awhile, it didn't close at 4 as usual.  We then ended up at She's.  I was dead tired.  We ordered food but it took forever.  When it came Brian took at dish and then Bethany and Kennon took one.  Caleb was asleep and I was out of patience so I left.   As much as I had to drink I really wasn't that bad off.  I feel I am leaving out bits and pieces but I'll add those as they come to me.   Today was really awesome.  I have Alex, Asma, Sarah, and Becky to thank for a very pleasant evening out on the town.  There was coffee, dinner at Outback and then a game of Boggle and Scrabble at the game board room.  I'm pooped but I'll sleep tonight.  I was accosted by Becky's stalkers today in Seattles.  After they left to go get glasses I moved and found a different seat.  Apparently these two guys who wait in Seattles and hunt down unsuspecting foreigners to speak English saw me and moved beside me.  They did this thing where they would converse a little in English in hopes that I would say something to them.  I was busy writing in my journal and paid them no mind.  Finally one of them was like "hello".  We had a little small talk and he invited me to sit with them but I declined and told them I was busy.  The then split out in a hurry.  What goobers.  Dinner at Outback was really good.  I ate a blooming onion, bread, onion soup, steak and french fries.  I also had a Coke on the side which wasn't flat.  The board game cafe is a little bit badass.  They have axis and allies which I'm ready to beat someone down in.  I think we'll be spending some time in there.   So I wonder if this year will really be different from all the rest.  You know it's a new year but really what changed?  Only the date.  I think my goal this year will be to find some direction in life.  I really don't know what I want to do.  All in all 03 was pretty good to me.  10 months of it was spent in Korea and I'm ok with that.  I've have a good time here and I've met some really awesome people.  I'd like to give a shout out to everyone but I'm just too tired right now.   I need to get a trim sometime soon but I'm a little scared.  Haircuts always seem to go wrong her in Korea.  Maybe I'll just keep growing it out.  But then what?  Hell if I know.  I hope everyone is revived enough for boys night out tomorrow.  I think Fenton and Caleb had it a little rough last night.  Gabe is  a maybe.  I think I'll call that Tim dude.  He hasn't been here a week yet but hell he can stand to drink more.  Thanks to the magic of bugs music I'm listening to the Rocky IV soundtrack.  Yeah this is just a bit awesome.  I love that "no easy way out" song.  This is where Rocky is driving along in his Jag and he is reflecting back on his time with Apollo and all the good times they had and then his tragic death to the evil Ivan Drago.  This is the part where I knew Rocky had to fight Ivan and that no matter how much stronger the Russian was Rocky would ultimately triumph.  Asma likes Indiana Jones 2 better than 3.  What's up with that?  Ok I really haven't gotten a lot of sleep. fountain and I bust out some video games on Tuesday night.  Why is all the food around his house so expensive?  I had numb thumb for the first time in forever.   Enough is enough, stop the madness.