I'm feeling a bit poorly and sorry for myself at the moment which is my excuse for not having posted anything for the past couple of days.  There hasn't been much to report really.  Well, there was the Guitar Teacher incident which was a bit strange...  Like many 17 year olds, I used to dream of playing the guitar like some of my rock god (and goddess) heros, or should I say anti-heros, for this was the age of grunge, which meant unwashed hair and Doc Martens as symbols of authenticity.  Anyway, I did some arm-twisting at home and successfully persuaded my parents to buy me a silver electric guitar to which I added several shiny hearts (I thought it looked cool).  I also went along once a week to Ian's place, for instruction in the playing of said instrument.  I think it is fair to say that I was probably something of a novelty: I suspect the vast majority of the teenagers who went in and out of his studio every week were boys not girls and that Ian wasn't displeased by having a young female to share his ideas on life, the universe and everything once a week. I think that despite my lack of confidence even I couldn't fail to notice that he was attracted to me.  Anyway....(wavy lines go across the screen to indicate a leap-forward in time...)  Cut to June 2004.  I arrive in Yarmouth, having left La Vie Parisienne behind me for good.  Having got completely wasted at my leaving party en France and performed a drunken rendition of various PJ Harvey and Nirvana songs, I decide that perhaps it is time for me to take action in order to learn to play the guitar properly.  Really.  I mean it this time.  My chronic perfectionism shall no longer be allowed to hold sway (That's what writing this wretched blog is about for those of you who are interested).  So, I decided that even though I'll only be staying in Yarmouth for a brief time it would be worth having a guitar lesson with Ian just to get the ball rolling again.  After a week of being glued to the settee (Mum and Dad have Sky TV now) I open the Yellow Pages and give Ian a bell.  Thursday 2pm.  I turn up at Ian's house, the one on the corner opposite the Tudor Takeaway.  I almost fail to recognise him as his long Spinal-Tapesque hairstyle has gone: in fact, he's completely bald apart from a long thin plait which starts at the base of his skull and hangs right down his back.  Ian's having an argument with the mate he's employed to 'do a few odd-jobs' around the house and he decides to get me involved.  'Lisette, you know nothing about painting do you?  Now, would you use gloss paint on concrete?  You wouldn't would you?'  After a couple of minutes of this we go inside.    I'm never one to say no to a cup of tea so when Ian offers me a brew I'm incapable of declining.  We get chatting about a number of different topics: mostly Ian's OU degree in Music and Philosophy but he interrogates me about my life to date, so I talk a bit about Cambridge (he makes fun of me - repeatedly - when I say I got a 2:2) and Paris and Toulouse and I feel as though my life sounds much more jet-set than it actually is.  Ian tells me nothing much has changed: he'd like to move house, find somewhere in a nicer area perhaps with a garden for the kids but he's had to fiddle the books to look as poor as possible for the divorce settlement. Divorce?  'Yeah, Mandy and I split up two years ago. It's all amicable.'  I remember Mandy: she was tall and blonde (Ian's girls take after her) and used to bring cups of tea into the music room during my lessons to make sure that we weren't getting up to any funny business.  Ian doesn't seem to be eaten up by anguish, a worn-out husk of his former self, so I suppose I believe him.    So, by now over an hour has gone past.  'Ian, don't you think we'd better get on with this lesson?' I suggest.  'Aww, do I have to?  It's really hot outside and I'm feeling a bit tired...  I don't think I can be arsed really.  Why don't you book a lesson for tommorrow?'  And so I agree, Ian nips out to the shop across the road and buys Rich Tea biscuits (the Happy Shopper kind), we chat for another hour, (Descartes, Seneca, Buddhism, Ian's childhood dream of becoming a marine biologist, the asylum seekers) I go home.  End of story.  On the way back I decide to walk past the house where I was born (just around the corner from Ian's) and along the seafront.  I have an ice-cream, a small one, no chocolate flake (unusual for me) and walk to the end of the Jetty where a gang of irritating kids are taking it in turns to jump off the end and swim back to shore.  It is sunny but quiet - there are hardly any holidaymakers about - and I still don't know what to make of the Ian incident.  Or non-incident.  Was he thinking about lunging for me across the black leather sofa under the framed poster of Spinal Tap he has hanging over the mantelpiece or did he just like chatting to someone about his opinions on the nature of existence or is the real answer somewhere in-between?  'Do you have that craving for partnership?' he asked me.  Hardly a proposition.  Hmm.