It has been days since I last talked to the guy I thought I loved. My parents warned me not to talk to him anymore or else they’d kick me out but I know the real reason. I knew they were just protecting me from committing the mistake they did: marry early by accident. At first I rebelled against that because I really felt like I loved JP so much. Even if we only saw each other once and I really regret it because he wasn’t really handsome. I felt I loved him even if he studied in a bad school and obviously very poor. I know things like money and looks don’t matter in love but what about faithfulness? He was attached to someone else but he said he loved me. My dad was right. I was just excited because he was the first guy I’ve known.  	I blamed this mistake of falling hard for the wrong person to many. I blamed my parents because they kept me in the house, away from strangers that’s why I didn’t know how to fight my emotions. I blamed my school for only having girls that’s why I'm so excited around boys. I blame my best friend for not stopping me hard enough. Of course, I blame myself for being stupid. On top of my school honors, I was stupid. I guess I'm one of those people my teachers talked about, those I despised, and those who academically smart but in real life they were plain stupid. I was blind and I followed my heart too much. I was too proud that I thought I could hide my relationship with him.  	I didn’t stop talking to him right after my parents told me to stop. That loving feeling still stayed within. It was only a couple of weeks before my grade school graduation that I decided to cut my communication with him. It was because I realized that if loved him, I wouldn’t have told him so much lies that he knows nothing real about me. I knew that if I loved him, I would have improved instead of losing my honor in the second trimester of the school year. I knew that if he loved me, he would have broken up with his girlfriend.  	During the first week of permanent separation from him, I felt the strong urge to at least inform him that I don’t want to talk to him anymore. But I thought about it. We would probably go through the “I need you” s**t again. Even now, every once in a while, I miss him and I pick up the phone and dial the first three digits of his phone number. But then I won’t continue it because if I do, I’ll have to admit to the whole world that I'm beautiful but utterly stupid. At least now I could say proudly that I'm practical. I may lose one level in my rebellious personality but at least I'm still on the safe, heartbreak-free side of the world. And, hey, I could always break some other rule!