Okay, for all you people who really aren't all that interested, I had a gastroscopy yesterday and I'm about to tell you all about it.  I figured I'd warn you in case you wanted to just skip reading this one.   Debi took me to the clinic because I was told that if I didn't have someone to drive me home, they'd send me back home and I'd have to reschedule.  So, Debi (God, bless that woman!) took me.  I filled in all the required doctor's office paperwork and then they called me back to a prep room where they had me put on a smock over my clothes and lie on a bed.  A nurse put an IV hookup thingie in my hand which took forever because "my veins were asleep."  Then they wheeled me into another room.  I'd never been wheeled around on a hospital bed before so that was kind of cool.   Anyway, in the other room, they hooked me up to a heart monitor with a little clippy thing on my finger and put a blood pressure cuff on my other arm and after putzing around a little bit, left me alone.  For about 20 minutes.  I got pretty familiar with the room by then, just because there wasn't anything else to look at.  I learned that if I tapped my finger, the pulse monitor got really screwy.  And the blood pressure cuff went automatically every five minutes or so.  (My lowest BP was 115/60, whatever that means.)   Then the nurse came back in and had me gargle with this really terrible tasting blue stuff that made my mouth go numb.  That was interesting.  It came on pretty slowly, but I'm lying there on my left side talking a little bit to the nurse and my lips and mouth are slowly going more and more numb.  She hooked me up to an oxygen tank and reassured me that even if it felt like my throat was closing off, I could still breathe.  I was okay with that.  I just figured that I'd breathe through my nose--with my asthma history, the only thing I worry about in not breathing is if my lungs feel closed off.  She said that the gargling was the worst part of the whole thing.  I think that seeing the nurse come back a few minutes later and hang a really long black hose-looking thing in the closet was the worst part because I knew that that was going to be stuck down my throat and that thing was stinkin' long!  And about at thick around as my pinkie!   So, nurses are coming and going.  A nurse comes in and introduces herself and says that she'll be standing behind me (doing I have no idea what).  Another nurse comes in and does stuff I can't see.  And eventually Dr. Clark comes in and does stuff that I can't see.  (Really informed, aren't I?)  But pretty soon he came over and shot something like five different injections into the IV hook-up in my hand and tells me that it's going to start to feel a little strange.  Oh, yes.  My arm when numb before he was done with all the shots.   And I don't remember much after that point.  I don't even know how long it took me to go out, but I was gone.  I remember waking up at one point in the procedure and thinking "This is not comfortable" and feeling like I was going to gag (or maybe I was?  I don't know).  And then I was out again.  I woke up and a nurse put the head of my bed up, I think.  And I was wheeled to the recovery area where they brought Debi in.  It's a good thing that they did because I really don't remember much of what happened afterwards.  eventually a nurse came in and helped me sit up and I got pretty dizzy doing that.  Dr. Clark came in and talked with us and showed us some pictures.  And eventually, they helped me out to the car and we went  home.   The procedure itself probably took less than 45 minutes.  Dr. Clark came into the room around 10 and I was in the car by 11, that's all I know.   When Debi called me later in the evening to check if I was okay, I had to ask her what Dr. Clark said because, though I had vague memories of him coming in, I wasn't sure I could remember what he actually said.  That was strange.   What he said, though, was this:  my esophogus doesn't close all the way.  It could be the reason for my cough.  He took a culture from my stomach, though, so see if there's anything there that could be causing it.  There's also supposed to be a really distinct line between the tissue of the esophogus and the stomach and I don't have that; but it's quite possibly just because that's how I'm made.  So, as for definitive answers for my cough, we don't have them yet, but we're closer and closer.  He's going to call me sometime soon and let me know if the culture of my stomach tissue turned up anything and, hopefully, to tell me what I'm supposed to do now.   So, there ya go.  You probably didn't want to know any of that, but if you ever have to get a gastroscopy, you know what to expect.  All yesterday afternoon I was kind of out of it and tired.  My hand hurts from the IV and the back of my throat hurts, but just like if you have a cold.   So yeah.  More of the continuing saga of my medical problems.  Marcia, the campus nurse who really urged me to get the cough looked at, is really glad that I'm doing all this, though.  I stopped in to her office today and she said that by doing this I was quite possibly saving myself from getting cancer later on in life.   So praise God for good doctors and for insurance to cover all this!   Love and blessings, ya'll!  :o)