Do I love life?  I don't know.  A professor from Denmark is currently teaching a class entitled, "The Philosophy of Love."  We've been expecting him here for two years, now, and he has finally arrived.  I was looking forward to this class, especially considering my experiences in love for the past two years.  Now, seven days into it, I am annoyed by this class.  I was hoping to plunge into the depths of this human experience.  This force, intensely powerful and destructive at times, quite mild and pleasant at others, that many people would agree is the most wonderful and meaningful aspect of the human experience.  Love was bold, passionate, powerful, and dangerous.  I was working on a paper that described love as a potentially powerful force that could charge an individual with the internal motivation and purpose needed to struggle through and overcome the greatest of obstacles--that it can, depending on one's situation, make one a warrior of life, against the elements that seem bent on caging one in.  Love is the sword of a struggling sole.      This class, however, is not about that.  This class abstracts love, and makes it so ideal, so optimistic, that it is not only completely detached from any experience I've ever had (except when I'm intoxicated), but it makes the idea of love nauseating.  I don't even want to think about love right now.  Worse still, the arguments seem so invalid and confused, interpretations of philosophers determined by how the professor wants to see them rather than what is obvious, and so optimistic that he begins with what he thinks ought to be the case rather than what certainly is the case, that it doesn't even constitute good philosophy, in my humble opinion.  I may be mistaken about all this--after all, I've been studying philosophy for three years compared to his thirty (I'm guessing).  I may be ignorant--but I am not an idiot.  When I subject his argument to the most sympathetic and analytical skills I have, it still turns out to be bunk.      He begins by saying that if the good life is possible for anyone, then it is moral and right to say that the good life is possible for everyone.  And that if we were to say that it isn't possible for everyone, then we are immoral.  This is his first point by which he starts with, and everything else is based on this.  And this is where I find my first problem.  We may want to say that it would be better for the good life to be possible for everyone than only some.  We could say, that if there was a good and just omnipotent God, then the good life should be possible for everyone.  But what if we don't assume a good and just God?  What if we look about the world and see much of it plunged in chaos and arbitrary death?  And I'm not talking about the human world alone.  I can go into my front yard and witness ants besieging a sow bug and eating it while it's still alive.  I can see a cat pounce on and kill a bird, and then leave it half dead without eating it.  In the human world, acts of arbitrary killing seem even worse because we assume (quite rightly) that he are self-aware, morally capable individuals, and that we ought to know better.  The seven year old boy in the Congo who was raised in a war, given an AK-47, and assists in slaughtering and raping women villagers is not living in the same world that I do, and most likely not the same world that you do.  Neither does his victim.  If someone is living a life that is completely reactionary, who is operating only on the instinct of survival, who lives in constant fear of starvation, disease, war, rape, or the death of her family, then this "good life" is  not  possible.  But it is possible for me.  Is it wrong for me to say so?  I have lived an overall privileged life where I have never been hungry (other than in military training), always had a warm place to sleep, money for clothes, leisure time, access to mass media, and most importantly, the ability to study philosophy and experience love.   I don't need all of this to have the good life.  I'm sure plenty of people would claim that they live the good life who don't study philosophy, or even those who have far less material wealth than I do (and I'm not talking about college student poor--I'm talking 3rd world country poor, which is the shits) What if the good life really isn't possible for everyone?   Is it then moral to lie to ourselves and say that we ought to say that it is possible for everyone?  Is it immoral to be honest, and say that it really isn't possible, despite how tragic that is?     The good life is treated by the professor as something real, something achievable, and most importantly, something universal.  At first he seems to say that the good life is defined by the individual, in that it is subjective, what is the good life for me may not be the good life for you--but then he denies that a thief or a killer can lead the good life (they are still capable of it, but they would have to cease being a thief or killer), and denies that they could ever be really happy--if they appear happy, it is merely a show.  How can he make that judgment?  It is not empirical, and it is not rational.  It is based on what he wants to see.      He says that the essential part of the good life is the love of life--and we are all capable of the love of life.  The skeptic in his manuscript asks, "well I don't love life, does that mean I can't have the good life?"  And the professor replies, "but you do love life--you love being a skeptic, that is your reason for living!"   I ask, "what if the killer loves life?"  He replies, "the killer is not doing a loving act--the killer hates his victim, he hates life."  "But what if he loves the act of killing--killing is his reason to live."  The professor shakes his head and looks down sadly.  "Can a hunter love hunting?"  Some class members avidly agree, and the professors eyes look up with a glint.  "Can a cook love cooking?"  Certainly.  Recalling that earlier in the day, that this is not a racist philosophy--that it does indeed include sentient animals, I ask, "what then is the difference between a hunter hunting deer and a cook preparing meal out of flesh, and the killing and cooking of gourmet meals of human flesh by Hannibal Lecter?  Hannibal, according to the movie, put great care and creativity into killing his victim in an almost artistic manner and then making a gourmet cuisine from the victim's flesh.  He seemed to genuinely enjoy it.  Although Hannibal is a fictional character, the hypothetical case serves just as well and serves to point to a flaw in his reasoning.  Did the professor defend my critique, or offer to abandon his position?  Alas, no, he did not.  He spoke to those who were disgusted with my example, and when he seemed convinced that he had persuaded them (who were philosophical virgins), he continued his argument, leaving me annoyed and unsatisfied.     He uses this tactic quite a lot.  I'm the only philosophy student in the class--Kit Christensen's son Mike is as well, and he is a philosophy student, but he hasn't spoken much and has missed a couple of days.  Often, I'm the only one raising the objection, and when he placates the easily placatable, he moves on.      Well, I intended on answering the original question, but its clear that I have had a lot of unexpressed opinions about this class that I needed to get out of the way.      Do I love life?  I could answer it like this: of course I love life.  First of all, (1) there are plenty of things I love to do, such as think, read, talk/argue, travel, enjoy female intimacy, etc., and in order to love these, I must live, and so I love life.  Second, (2) if I did not love life, there would be no reason to continue with life.  There would be no reason to get out of bed, no reason to eat healthy foods and stay fit (although I  have  been lax on that one lately), no reason not to kill myself.  But there is a reason.  Thus I do love life, and that love of life is my reason for getting out of bed in the morning.      But I have a problem with those answers.  In the first case (1), my reasoning is that I love x, and x is dependent on y, thus I love y because it allows me x.  I don't know if I can prove that wrong, but it seems to me wrong.  Love is always love of something, and it is an experience.  If I love Sara (hypothetical character), then when I think of her, or speak to her, or she touches me, I feel something intense.  It is not her surrounding that does this to me, or her house, or the city she lives in, or her parents--but just  her .  Suppose Sara lived in New York city and she refused to leave the city, because she loves it so intensely, and perhaps she is either afraid or has no reason to leave.  However, I don't like the city.  In fact, I love small quiet rural towns, like Bemidji (bullshit, but hypothetical...) In my life, New York is a necessary part of Sara.  If I get New York out of my life, either by leaving it or destroying it, I have also lost my love.  New York is a necessary condition of being intimate with Sara, and yet I don't love New York.  Life is a necessary condition to thinking, but does it follow that if I love thinking, then I love life?     Another objection is in the fact that while life is a necessary condition for one's love of something, it is not sufficient.  The above reason said, y is dependent on x for its existence, I love y, and thus I love x.  This implies that my love of x is dependent on my love of y.  But if I love both being loved by Sara and life, and suddenly Sara denies my love, it doesn't imply that I lose my love of life.  So, the reasoning above, that I know I love life because I love Sara's love for me, is shown to be fallacious, since I can love life without Sara loving me.  On the flip side, if I did lose my love of life after I stopped loving Sara, then we would want to say that I wasn't in love with life--that I merely deceived myself into thinking so, and simply using the special properties of life (existence!) in order to get to my love of Sara.  No matter how we look at it, there is no necessary condition between one's love of life and one's reason for living.      In the second case (2), it is clear that there is some motivation for getting out of bed and "living" life, and that motivation is my  reason  for getting out of bed.  That reason could be anything from (A)"I'm hungry so I'm going to make myself some breakfast," to thinking, (B)"I am really anxious to read some Plato today," or even because I think, (C)"I love life!  I can't wait to get out into the world and feel my heart beat and my muscles flex as I go for a run along the lake!"  Indeed, I have felt all of these before, sometimes none, and sometimes all.  The important thing to notice is that each one of these reasons has a different feeling.  In the first case, I am hungry.  Hunger is a sort of longing, and can be uncomfortable or even painful.  As sad as it is, there are many people and animals in the world who are motivated to do anything and everything because of this, or other survival reasons.  Does this show that they do love life, or that they have no reason to love life?  Well, most of them are not committing suicide, which means that either (P) they do love life, or that simply because (Q) one has a reason other than love of life for getting up in the morning.  This is a simple either/or, P v Q (meaning that it must be at least one, and it could be both).  If they do have a reason for getting up in the morning other than love, then we cannot say that this reason implies that I do have love, although I offered this reason (2) as a demonstration of my love when I first asked if I love life.  So, to be consistent with my answer in (2) above, I would want to reject the Q and thus accept the P.  But we cannot deduce P simply because we feel inclined to reject Q.  Is P a viable answer? I think that the evidence shows that it is  not .  P is saying that these people and animals who spend their whole, or nearly their whole life in the effort to survive, who are motivated merely by hunger and need for shelter, love life.  If we were to accept that they love life, then we are saying that either (R) they experience the same thing throughout their struggle for survival as when I wake up in my air conditioned home and shout "I love life! I look forward to living life to the fullest today, as if there were no tomorrow!"  or (S) the love that I feel and that the survivors feel is so radically different that the word love means two different things in each case.  Love for me is some ecstatic, thrilling experience, and love for the survivor is a mere clinging to existence, like the clinging of a life raft in the middle of the ocean.  And while it makes sense to say that the castaway loves his raft, it is a reactionary, instinctual love, rather than my active, passionate love.  We can accept that this is love, but that it is a different kind of love is a necessary distinction that we must make.   I will call the active love,  love(m),  and the reactive, cling-to-life-love,  love(n).   Love(n) of life is thus a sufficient and necessary reason for living life, and it is necessary but insufficient to have love(m) of life.           If we are going to say that the love of life leads one to the good life, then we must ask ourselves, what sort of love?      Is it the love(m) sort only that gives us the good life, or can we extend it to love(n) as well?  Let's try to assume each option independently.  If we assume that only love(m) leads to the good life, then a good life is rich indeed, constantly filled with excitement, joy, passion, the feeling of free will, and security.  We'll reject love(n) as being sufficient for the good life, which means that we can now reject both R and S above, and thus we can also reject P, and so we must accept Q: they do have a reason other than the love(m) of life in the morning.      P1: P or Q  P2: If P, then (R or S)  Conclusion: Q            Proof:  P3: Not R  P4: Not S  P5: Not R and Not S  P6: Not (R or S)  P7: Not P        We can then return to the question, do I love life?  We can now ask the question in two different ways.  First, do I love(m) life?  Second, do I love(n) life?  I gave the answer in the affirmative and used two reasons.  The first reason was that I love things in life, and life is necessary for those things to be loved, and so I love life.  I rejected the on the grounds of love's intention.  This first rejection applies to both types of love, as the rejection was based not on the content or sensation of the love, but on the thing-that-is-loved; on the fact that love is intentional.  Regardless of whether I was talking about love(m) or love(n), the refutation stands.  Furthermore, the love I spoke of there referred to love-of-things in general, but love(m) and love(n) are specifically loves of life itself.       My second reason was "if I did not love life, there would be no reason to continue with life."  The meaning of this reason changes a great deal depending on what sort of love I am speaking of.  A logically equivalent way to state the reason is, "if I did not love life, I would have reason to end my life."  So, there are four instances of the statement, and they can be divided into pairs due to logical equivalency.  The first pair states, "if I did not love(m) life, there would be no reason to continue with life," and "if I did not love(m) life, I would have reason to end my life."  The second pair states, "if I did not love(n) life, there would be no reason to continue with life," and "if I did not love(n) life, I would have reason to end my life."  We'll examine the second pair first.     These second pair propositions are essentially saying that if I am not willing to, and have no instinct to struggle for life, then I may as well kill myself.  This makes a lot of sense.  For someone who's sole occupation has been to cling on to survival has suddenly found no desire to do even this, then why continue?  What reason is there not to kill oneself?  Someone who does not love(n) life, does indeed have no reason to continue.     The other pair is more problematic.  These state, if I do not have an excited, passionate, active, and joyful feeling about life, then I would have no reason to continue and reason to end my life!  Gagh!  If that were true, I'd kill myself right now.  But even if we discount the inevitable periods of ecstaticless, joyless, and yet non-depressive life, we must think back to the people who only have love(n) of life.  There are plenty of people who do not love(m) life and still find a reason to continue on with life.  So, when I ask myself, "Do I love(n) life?" I can now say, "absolutely," as would nearly anyone who is alive (unless they desire to commit suicide but are unable).  But when I ask myself, "Do I love(m) life," well, I suppose I do, but that does not mean that I am feeling it right now.      When the professor says that the love of life is the necessary and sufficient condition of the good life (he never said it exactly like that) I must then ask myself, what sort of love is he talking about?  Well, he never made any sort of distinction like the one I just made.  He divided love into the universal, subjective, and existential (love of the world, love of individual people or things, and love of existence).  He denied the classic distinction between philia (friendship), eros (romantic, passionate), and agape (divine), and was resistant to any other distinction.  He claimed that these other distinctions didn't really demonstrate a true categorical distinction--rather they were aspects of the same thing.  But in assuming that everyone can have the good life, and that the love of life will result in the good life, and given my arguments above, I am adamant that we cannot dispense with all these distinctions--to include the one that I made above, which I think is especially relevant to this topic.      Is everyone capable of the good life?  The professor says, "yes, because everyone is capable of loving life."  Well, is this the love(m) of life, or the love(n) of life?  If it is the love(n) of life, then yes, everyone is capable of the good life.  What the good life then means is that one is compelled to struggle for existence.  That is the necessary and sufficient condition.  Thus, I am living the good life.  So is the poor farmer in Patagonia.  So is the seven year old fighter in the Congo--he fulfills the condition--we may not want to say this, we may feel inclined to create an "anti-condition," but there any such condition in this case would be contrived and arbitrary.  The good life is achieved also by the screaming woman he is about to murder and rape--her scream and her fear are an expression of her clinging to life--she fulfills the condition.  But operating under this definition, we can be satisfied that everyone has the good life, and thus, we can be content leaving the way the world is, with everybody leading their good lives.  And while it makes me feel warm inside that my little logical excercise has shown me that everyone is living the good life (except for those people who kill themselves) there is something about this definition that strikes me as wrong, and I'm just going to reject it because I want to.     But what if the condition is the love(m) of life?  Well, then it is clear that some people have, or are at least capable of having the good life.  But the professor said, if some people can have the good life, then it is morally right and necessary to say that everyone can have the good life.  I have two problems with this.  First, while this seems theoretically possible, if by theoretically we mean in a simplistic thought experiment where there is no strife, no pain, unlimited resources, and bland people, this does not seem practically possible by any stretch of the imagination.  As much as I would like to say that it is possible, and that it ought to be possible if there was a good and powerful god, the evidence that the world provides me amounting to the billions of individual cases tells me otherwise.  And what about the white collar retired suburban with Alzheimer's?  The man whose house just burned down with his family inside?  The business executive with severe chronic depression--the sort that is a result of a chemical imbalance rather than a chosen attitude?  And what about those people whose "good life" causes them to inadvertently hurt other people?  What about the white collar suburbanite young American student environmentalists who prevents dams from being built in Brazil, thereby saving the rainforest and leaving tens of thousands of Brazilians without heat, electricity, and jobs (there industries fled the area!).  These people were certainly acting with loving intent--and were probably quite happy with themselves and their ability to change the world.       Although I cannot accept that everyone can have the good life with this definition, I prefer it.  If we accept that there are billions of people who do not have the good life, then it motivates us to work hard to change their lives in a way that will facilitate that goal (assuming that is their goal).      There will always be people who enjoy tragedy and pain, and who find value in being depressed and miserable for a time.  There is no love of life when one wants to kill themselves--but the value of having been through that experience is immense, especially for one who is interested in the human experience.  Pain and suffering add a richness to the human experience that would make life seem much more bland if we lost it.  I am not advocating for the creation of pain and suffering, nor denouncing efforts to reduce it--there will be plenty of it despite our best efforts--the good life for everyone will never be, it cannot be, and I for one am at once heroically unsatisfied and devilishly pleased with that conclusion.