If they had a child they said they could be twiddly happy, they would be able to play the fiddle and burst into song every other day. Oh if it was a boy or a girl with sweet little curls  and eyes like mine and hands like yours, what joy they thought  they will have!  So God granted their prayers, trying to make haste while their  hopes still sustained them,  gving shape to their lovely vision.   As her tummy grew bigger, they smiled so much that their eyes disappeared and their mouths became like slices of melon.  At last when the child finally came with a whoosh and a pop sound, they were smiling so badly they couldn't see what it looked like.  But the doctors' cheers fell into a deadly silent and no cry came from their baby's lips.  They knew something was wrong.  Slowly their eyes popped out and  grew like saucers.  They couldn't believe what they saw.  It was a burtonish nightmare. It was like discovering their child had penguin flippers instead of hands.   The child cooed and blinked its eyes.  As the doctor had lost her grip on it, it took the liberty to flap its wings.  Mummy and Dad were not so much aghast that it had wings but that it was a chocolate baby boy with wings.  For mummy and dad were white, as pure as  soya bean milk which they imagined would be pumped out of mother's breast.  Whoever heard of a black angel! The monstrosity, the blasphemy! Its eyes were green and its lips were red.  In addition, it was born with a silver tutu as if God was making a mockery out of them.  When God was in haste, He certainly was not very careful. They froze in muted terror, wondering if the devil would appear.   But the little boy kept flapping his wings  and soon he was lifted off the table. He looked strangely adorable, the light from the surgical lamps shining upon his chocolate body. Making him blacker in the eyes of his parents but giving him a sudden radience in the eyes of those from on high.  He slept while the wings  lifted him up and out of the window.   Thank God the devil took it away from their bloody arms.  They sighed, relieved that they will never have to customise his clothes or face the wordless shame from the sunday school teachers.  A K-Mart baby would be fine they agreed and decided to be more specific in their prayers.