what the fuck... im so sick of this shit i turn into at night, it sucks! every fucking night i get all sad and pissy at everything and everyone... why!! uhg! even when the lights on, it doesnt matter... doesnt make sense, im completly fine when im out and in the day but then its like 11 at night and im in the worst mood ever... fuck that, that what all the Rage's are fucking from... god damnit, least i can fucking wake up in the morning and be perfectly fine. yay for that, fourtunatly its only when im alone. thats an upside to all this shit i think of and dispise... none of its expected to think of in such a way but i do... i dunno why i even bother with these entries any more, is it really for me anymore... or for attention, the thing ive said to hate the most. but only on paper... i write some things so only i can understand, so maybe it still is for me. i hope so, cause atm i cant figure that out. i know of 2 people that read this... and they only read it cause they asked if i had one... is there really a point to it, is it manditory for someone like me... i really dont know and i really dont care... still i prefer the pencil over the keyboard extensivly, you can show more emotion in drawings and words... darkness does make the mind a little hostile to just about everything it can think of... least from my experiences, oh well. now im calm after typing... guess it does help, gues thats good... i can function now, dont have to be so pissy at so much crap. its nice to have this to go to, easy to vent all the shit of the world.. i type so much useless crap too. theres so much shit to deal with all the time, theres no reason to give on anything thats brought my way... im here and sometimes im used as a pillar... but thats good for the others, theres more to this all than what everyone including myself thinks. a lot of this is subcontiously typed... i know what it means, but i cant explain it... i need to open my mind to what others think and what they want me to say/think... i try but i wish i could think deeper and be a little more helpful with things.. theres not limit to anything... there are only obsticles, sometimes so big they seem impossible.. but no, there is always a way. btw, dont forget to remember to not forget!