I usually am an animal lover but I have gotten so annoyed at Brynn's cat. The cat comes and wants to be petted while I am making dinner, it will actually step on my food and I am like, "hello? can't you see I am doing something here?" One time the cat tried to drink out of a boiling pot of water!! I make fish sometimes for dinner or chicken and the cat will sit at the table waiting for his portion, or when we aren't looking he will just jump onto the table and start eating the food. I pray that I will have more patience but I thought cats were supposed to be smart. I try to love the thing but I kind of am allergic to it so when he sits on my head and sleeps its not really fun for me. I'm trying I really am, I don't know what else to do. So today was the Schustinators birthday I got the honor of taking her out for lunch, she's so awesome. Friends like her are a rare thing. She loves her new Malibu and was so happy that I got a chance to ride in it. I wanted to go to McClintock to drop off a card for Allyson but the lady at the office said that I had to get a parent's permission slip, I was like you got to be kidding me?! So I couldn't bless Allyson at school, I was so bummed, I so wanted her to feel specail at school today.  Well we had spaghetti for lunch I remembered that Jenny likes spaghetti for lunch (not dinner), it was good. She's fun to talk to. I like talking with her about dogs and her turtles, she just lights up. Well Jenny was nice enough to come with me to Allyson's dad's to drop off her card, luckily her dad and stepmom were home, so we talked to them for a bit, they wished Jenny a happy birthday which was nice, they thought I was Allyson's age or at least her dad did. I get that a lot probally because I use a lot of lotion and it makes me look younger (we'll just say that's what it is, k?). But I was glad that he said at least Allyson's age and not 10 like Joel the sound guy thought I was. 10?! You got to be joking!! It's just funny because everybody says that I will be happy when I am 50 because I will still look young, that's great so tell me when I am 50, not now. I am glad Gabe is doing something fun for his birthday, and I really love that it is a dance party. Mom said that I could invite Moses, Jose, Jojo, Jason, etc. She's so funny she loves to party just like us.  I hope that we get a good turn out because Gabe is a special guy, I am so proud of that guy. He is awesome, I have gotten to talk to him more lately, and I see that he has an awesome heart. I love it that he calls people to see if they have been reading their bible or for the guys accountability. He's great and I am not just saying that cuz he's my brother.