from: brett mills sent: friday, april 23, 2004 14:30 pm subject: my adventures part 10   Hey everyone  Just a quick message to say thanks for the birthday wishes.  I had a great day and night.  I made all my lessons revolve around birthdays and I made the students sing happy birthday to me.  It was very funny.  After work I went to an Isakia (Japanese Bar) where we had a private room with Karaoke.  There was about 20 people I didn't actually know all of them, but we had a great time there singing, eating and lots of drinking.  After that we went to Shidax which is a Karaoke place with private rooms, where you pay one price per hour and get all you can drink and sing.  We stayed there until 2.30am and then walked home.  The next day I was fine, I slowed down a bit at the end.   urlLink  Me, Hally, Allisyn and Kylie    urlLink  Me and Allisyn singing VOGUE    Last week I went to Nara.  It took about 3hours on train.  There was a huge Koen (park) there with free ranging deer, that you can feed.  I visited lots of shrines and temples.  It was a beautiful day.   urlLink  Nara Koen    This weekend I am off to Hiroshima which is about 8 hours on a bus.  We will be sleeping on the bus Saturday night and arrive at 7am on Sunday, spend the entire day looking around where the first atomic bomb hit Japan, visiting the Torri (Shinto Gate) that is in the middle of the water.  It is apparently a very moving place to visit.  After that we will catch the 11pm bus back and arrive home Monday morning.  Its going to be a very long day.  I was going to go to Tokyo this weekend, but the people I was going with pulled out.  Oh well, this will be good too.  Its on my list of things to do while I am here.  Japanese lessons are going good.  It is very hard, but I am getting there.  Still a long way to go until I can have a conversation.  I need to do lots of practice at home.  For all those that can understand Japanese, my last email I wrote that Japanese was MITsukoshi.  I actually meant MUSakoshi (Difficult) Mitsukoshi is the name of a department store.  OOPS.  OK, must me off now.  Running out of time.  Hope everyone is cool.  Chat soon Brett