urlLink The US Presidents - The History Project - Character in Time   This is an interesting and worthwhile project.  It seeks to produce quality one-act plays that capture the character of each President. Site includes synopsis of each play, along with profiles of the playwrights involved in the project.   From the site:  he American Presidents are the focus of a unique publishing event undertaken by The History Project, Inc. It is task which has never been attempted: to develop and publish a production quality drama with each of the American Presidents as protagonist. Each of these one-act plays seeks to capture the character, the person in his place and time. This series addresses and explores answers to the question, "Who was he?" rather than "What did he do?"  These plays, which are suitable for reading, study, teaching, and production are not exhaustive historical examinations of the forces and conflicts of American national, social, and political life. More appropriately, they are intense, brief examinations of the Presidents who guided (or misguided) Americans through those forces and conflicts. The plays contain endnotes which place the Presidents in US and world time in addition to providing specific information relating to birth, family, appearance, education, employment, marriage, and circumstances of death.  Forty plays are planned. Some are completed and published. Some are in production. Some are in draft stages in the computers of writers nationwide and nearing publication. Some are simply projections of the future of the series (after James K. Polk).  J.H. Crouch, Professor Emeritus of the University of Colorado and Founder of the Colorado Shakespeare Festival writes... "Each of these short plays (I won't call them dramatic sketches) seizes the moment and renders it in complete dramatic opposition and resolution. They make stimulating reading and would be invaluable to entertain and instruct—an unbeatable combination—not to mention the varied production possibilities."