hey... last night Jodie, Sarah, Chris and i went to Vieux Quebec so Sarah could buy a pair of shoes that she saw the other day... you just dont pass on $50 Dr. Martens!... the ones i saw that i want are kind-of-bright green, but theyre 110, so i dont think ill get them LOL.... i thought we were gonna miss the bus to go back (cuz Chris had to stop at MacDonalds, even though he already had TWO plates at supper, plus whatever we didnt eat LOL).... on the way back we saw a Tim Hortons right near a bus stop, so we are going to go there the next time we go out! (it is the first one we`ve seen since we got here!!)... for the rest of the night (about half an hour) we just sat around in the lobby of my residence and talked, and we had a quick game of volleyball right there with Marie, Éric, Andréanne, and Meriève (some of the animateurs)  today, class SUCKED... i liked my teacher every day but today... today she was always mad at everyone for taking too long to do presentations and things (everything we do turns into a presentation to the class!!!) and she expects us to give these fantastic presentations when she only gives us 15 minutes to decide WHAT we are going to do, and she expects us to also know how we`re going to do it and exactly what we`re going to say in that time too.... i REALLY didnt like her today. plus, we got back something that we had to write the other day (it was just a half page about a trip we`d like to take, and i even included some of the travel words we had learned) and so i got the rough copy back yesterday and she had written "not long enough" and so in my good copy i added some more (even though it was 2 lines longer than she had asked for) and then on my good copy we got back, she wrote "you can do better"... #1, why didnt she write that on the rough copy, and #2, how does someone who has seen me for a few hours each day for 6 days know that i can do better??  anyway, in our class, we have to do oral presentations in groups every friday, so this week i am doing a skit with Simone and Anastasia H. (yes, in my class of 18, there are TWO Anastasias BOTH originally from Urkraine... there are also 2 Michaels and 2 Amys).... so, yesterday we started planning our skit, and Anastasia was kind of controlling over what would happen, and me and Simone we just agreeing (plus sometimes we cant understand her accent LOL)... today Simone tried to ask Anastasia a simple question in french, and i understood it all 10 times, but Anastasia needed it in english, and then Anastasia went to ask Julie because none of us knew. while she was gone, Simone and I were both quick to voice our opinions of how she scares us and we hate the project shes planning (plus, she just keeps reinventing the first 3 seconds, so were getting no where... and she keeps talking about "her imagination"... we keep saying "your vision?" and she says "no, my immagination") so we were in the middle of deciding that we wanted to completely change our project and just tell a little story about something Quebec-ish, and not do a skit at all, when Anastasia came back and we had to change the subject. in the end, we`re still doing the play, but im allowed to be a male janitor now (even though Anastasia REALLY had her heart set on me being a girl) and Simone and Anastasia switched roles, because we noticed that Anastasia LOVES repeating Simone`s lines OVER AND OVER and she likes the whole acting thing, so its better this way. it will be over in just 2 days, but those 2 days will be torture for me and Simone LOL  well, thats all for now... this afternoon we have some sort of Olympics, and that starts in like 40 minutes so i have to go eat lunch... au revoir!