yest was testimonial match which saw j1s against the j2s... as expected, i was left on the bench as the j1's 2 other forwards are better then me... anyway, the match started with the j2 team looking stronger despite a first 11 being fielded for the j1s... rolling subs were being played and the first substitutions were made not long after the match started. one of the strikers was subbed out but i didn't go in cuz the coach tot i was a defender instead... so he put a midfielder in to convert to striker... zzzz..... however, i finally got my chance at the start of the 2nd half and damn, i think i played really terrible.. since i'm the only right footed forward among the 3 j1 forwards, i played more to the right and had to come up against some probie left back.... damn it man... out of 3 times i went against him, i only manage to beat him once, first time he tackle the ball before i reach the ball, 2nd time he block my cross... den only 5 mins into my game, i hurt my left ankle while trying to play a return ball to nelson, sian man... weak ankles.... and i oso let the ball bounce while receiving long ball.... was trying to head it when boon han ( soccer god ) asked for ball... den duno whether to head or kick to him ( coz i can't direct my headers ) and in the end i let the ball bounce... zzz... felt i didn't run enuf in the game coz when i was subbed out, i don think i had even started to pant... dono y when i played yest, i felt so tired, like my reaction was slowed... although i wasn't tired physically... didn't have the motivation to run for ball... perhaps i was too tired, maybe i'm just thinking too much so i had an early nite yest to get more rest and i felt much much better better tdy... at least after playing tdy's recre session i felt a little better... although its recre soccer and we were playing small pitch with big goal posts... but at least i had my shots on target.. at least my shooting more or less still can make it... but still got many more areas to improve! like control and awareness and i nd to run faster oso... yea.. improve improve improve!