I've made it back to Bangkok and I have to say it feels good.  It is currently 5:36 in the morning and I'm killing time until I can find somewhere to check in.  The bus ride here was long but the bus was nice and the ride wasn't too bad.  I'm killer tired seeing as how I didn't get crap for sleep on the bus.  I think this place closes in a little bit, at least that's what the dude said and he'd probably know.  But why?  Hell it's about time people started getting up.  Who knows? The other parts of Laos I went to didn't turn out to be too interesting so in the interest of ime I came back here to get a move on things.  I'll figure out tomorrow if I'm going to go to Myanmar or not.  After that I'll go to the super duper shopping center and catch a movie or two and relax.  I know it plays into Western stereotypes but I'm hard up for come Micky D's and I hope to take care of that tomorrow as well (I guess it's really more like later today).   I hit the cities Tha Khaek and Savannahket but neither of them had much to offer a tourist like myselft.  I hopped a little fiery over the Mekong and came back to Thailand.  It's amazing, just like that I'm back in a country so much more developed than the one I just left.  Another reason I came back is that Laos banks have a nasty habbit of only changing traveler's checks for Kip (local Laos currency).  This wouldn't be so bad except for the fact that nobody will change Kip for anything else.  Not wanting to be stuck with a ton of useless dough I opted to bolt.  This did prove to a little interesting given my financial situation.  I didn't have a lot of Kip left so that's why I wanted to leave.  So I got to the dock, looked at the boat fee and then went to eat some food.  I came back and hit immigration.  Nobody told me but you have to pay a buck to leave the country.  Not a big deal.  Then turns out once you get to the other side you have to pay another dollar for the "port fee."  After all my fees and shit were paid it left me with exactly 40 cents to my name, this being in Kip of course which is totally worthless on the other side.  But no big deal.  I strolled down the street hit the bank and cashed traveler's check with 30 minutes to spare.  I'm lucky I made it really.  I'd been budgeting for the past 2 days or so. I loved Laos though.  The South was truelly Laos.  I only saw one other foriegner and he was at the bus station.  Much the same in Savannaket.  I guess there are reasons why tourist don't go there huh?  Anyway it was fun to see none the less (just not exciting).   If for some reason I can't go to Myanmar then I'll roam around Thailand for a bit.  There are tons of places I need to see and I won't have time for if fly off to Myanmar.   I've started reading "Patriot Games" by Tom Clancy and it's pretty darn good.  I liked "Hunt for Red October" and I don't really know why I haven't read anything else of his.   He's closing, got to go.