Well, today my daughter decided to tell me she has a boyfriend. My first reaction was to get out a shotgun, plenty of shells, and take the dog hunting for little boy.  Then I remembered I don't have a shotgun, and my dog's a big coward. So I scrapped that idea to bake chocolate cupcakes and discuss some birds and the bee's with my 9 year old, Jecynda.  Well the cupcakes turned out very well, and the conversation was much easier than I had first anticipated. We talked about how babies were made and the different anatomies of girls and boys. I told her how much responsibility babies were and gave her an example of how much time, money, and energy it takes. The discussion ranged between different topics, and luckily I was prepared with some good books and articles that included images and diagrams. By this time we passed cupcakes and started making a pie.  :o)  After all of that I was reading up on some articles preparing myself for the inevitable follow up questions, when I came across an article on the popularity of oral sex starting at the age of.....wait for it....9 YEARS OLD. Apparently, there is an epidemic of  urlLink STD's  of the mouth and throat of children averaging ages 12-15, they even have sex games called the Rainbow Kiss (I'm not about to explain this one).  I will wait to discuss this with her in a few years, but it made my stomach turn reading about some of these things. I hope that my daughters have learned enough from me and others in the family to know that this type of behaviour is something they need to hold off of until they are older.  It makes my stomach turn.  As a parent I know that it is certainly very important to talk to my children about sex, to be open and honest and answer their questions truthfully and help them understand. It's my duty to teach them my moral values but to remember what it was that I went through as a kid, and look at the reality of the situation, and be sure to give them some ammunition to deal with these issues. My daughters aren't quite yet in the teens, and let me tell you I am not looking forward to it all.  I hope they forgive me when they bring their first boyfriend home, because it is my intention to make such an example of the little (censored) that no other little boys will come within 50 yards of my daughters.  I've also comtemplated just chaining them in the attic until they are 30, or trying to find an alarmed, trapped, chastity belt made out of titanium alloy equipped with rocket launcher, eletro-shock, and knockout darts.   Oh well...I'm holding out that I'll be a lucky parent who's discussions with their children took hold and actually sunk in, so that I'm not the grandfather wayyy to early.  RLB     urlLink When Children Have Children