Hey! Ugh, dear Lord help me! This one little girl (my little 5 year old cousin) keeps talking and talking, and I'm sorry but I can only take so much! I could understand if she was a  nice  little girl, but she is spoiled out of her mind! Her mom does everything for her so she always wants to go play, or talk, or complain. I can only do my best to discipline her a little before I go totally insane, but she is permanently spoiled, I swear! I want to just slap her sometimes because of the way she disrespects her mom, my sister, my parents, and me... I even did once (not hard of course, she's only a little girl so I can't actually make her cry :( ) but she just gave me an evil glare, turned around, and skipped off and went to her mommy for some ice cream. Even right now (because she isn't able to read) the exact quote that just came out of her mouth was "Mommy, what does it say? ... What does it  say ? Tell me now! What does it say?" And now she is crying and yelling at her mom because she doesn't have a coloring book. Ohh, my god, it makes me soo mad when someone disrespects their elders that much!  I can understand since she is just a little girl, but she and her mom are living with us and I can't see how she can't be grateful? Are all kids this way?? ...Or is this little girl special exception that needs to be disciplined? I'm just glad that my folks aren't here this weekend... I mean I would have been yelled at for yelling at my cousin, massively. But I wish my parents were here also because dad can call our ISP and see what is going on with my computer (it connects to the internet but it won't receive any signal). Although I'm kind of mad at my parents to, though, because they went camping without me. I know that they deserve some time to themselves, but they told me that the  family  would be able to go camping this weekend, but instead, yesterday (Friday) they told me that only they and my moms friend were going camping. Lately, it seems like; I have been blowing up on everyone. I mean it might just be me P.M.S.ing or something, but I just get so stressed out that I usually end up fighting with everyone and just blowing up. On a peaceful note, I'm at home enjoying the clouds right now :). I have my trustful dog sitting right next to me, and I am doing a mighty-fine job of blocking my cousin's words from my ears. I love being able to tune things out! :D Another plus is that I just got back from the store and I have my coffee right here with me :). I love the Frappuccino® coffee's that they have out. Caramel is the best, but the store was out of that, so I had to go for second best (which I don't mind :)) Mocha. Ahh, life is  good ! LOL. Anyways, I’m going to go try to add some new stuff to this site ( :) like the pools? Neat huh?), so Bye!