I just got back from a fun night out with friends. Some JETs from out of town drove over here to Iwakuni for the fireworks festival, and I offered to put them up at my place. Tonight, I'll have six people cozily sleeping on the floor of my tatami room.  So we went to the fireworks festival, and the fireworks were awesomely pretty. Apparently I take them a little too seriously as I actually  flinched  when some of the bigger ones unfurled, while my friends assured me, "No Angela, they're not real...just pretty colors in the sky, okay?" The fireworks went on for about an hour and a half...can't beat that. Not with a stick.  Then we wandered around the food stalls, which were vending things like grilled squid-on-a-stick, teriyaki chicken, octopus-fritter-type thingies, corn dogs made with deceptive  fish sausage  (not regular hot dogs) and yakisoba. And lots of beer. We found out where all that beer was going when we ran into some more JETs (the cheeseheads from my previous entry) around the food stalls. They were three sheets to the wind, and the girl they were with was carrying a big Prada bag filled with empties. Klassy.  Allow me to reassess my opinions of the cheeseheads. Sean is pretty cool. He is a horse of a different color, with an accent like a  leprechaun from Connecticut  and good manners. Patrick is obviously a good teacher, and his particular strain of peculiarity is relatively harmless, so (though he loses points for condescension) he's all right too. That first day in the office just threw me, but I think they've redeemed themselves since. On to the rest of the story.  Kirk, Jessica, Lisa, and I waded into the river below the famous Kintai bridge. It was cold! But it felt good after the muggy, warm (read: sticky, sweaty) night we were having. We only went in about knee-deep and came back out to meet the rest of the group.  Little did we know that the group was over by a different section of the river, and Sean was already running around starkers. Jessica and I made a silly little girly-pact to go swimming in our underwear together, and we took off for the river. The remaining members of our group lagged behind but evenutally joined us. When we sauntered up, sure enough, there was Sean,  naked  and presenting himself shamelessly to the nearest cellphone camera lens. He was on the shore, laughing and parading around.   Jessica and I took off our shirts and bottoms and went into the water as agreed. We stayed fairly far from the spectator set in order avoid being photographed (we succeeded). Soon thereafter, Patrick came into the river, naked of course. Erin waded in but remained chaste. Her boyfriend Nate came in with boxers, but emerged  without . The rest watched from the shore, laughed, and took pictures. It was pretty fun and I don't feel like I compromised myself too much since one of the guys was gay, one had a girlfriend, and one is the last person I would ever want to date. In other words, no sneaky female agenda here.  Patrick and Sean probably went out to drink some more, Erin, Nate, and their friends went to a club, and I came back home with Jessica and Kirk. All in all, it was memorable night of fun. Yeah, at what other job do you see your coworkers  buck naked  three days after meeting them?