- social justice and everyday life -    i try not to shop at  urlLink walmart .  i believe, creedally, that walmart sucks.  i avoid the mall as often as possible. i don't like to eat at chain restaurants unless they're locally owned.   i never choose to go  urlLink mcdonalds  if they choice is completely mine.   but living out social justice is exhausting.  i'm never sure where i should draw the lines.  on the one hand, I want to patronize local business, because i'm investing directly in the lives of my immediate neighbors.  but on the other hand -- there's no sustained advantage in investing in my neighbors if they don't have the same commitments and ideals.  if they don't aim their dollars locally -- then i'm really just paying them to make a decision i disagree with.    OR what about good practice chains.  what if they pay fair wages, give good benefits and reinvest in the community more substantially than locals?    i just noticed that in the  urlLink Utne Reader  july-august issue there's a paragraph about somebody coming up with an idea for a  urlLink "procott"  movement -- the opposite of boycott -- whereby people strategically decide to consume in just / eco-friendly ways.   YEAH!  I'm all about it.  They suggest monthly meetings (don't have time), AND a web page (I have time!)  "Representatives from [different groups] might meet quarterly in a council and perhaps develop a list of local retailers and service providers that members could be encouraged to buy from."  YEAH! but then there's no more information.  This is something I care a lot about.  I think that faithfulness with consumption / investment  -- toward the ends of redemptive community / justice / shalom -- is one of the biggest blind spots of the church.  But I don't have the time to be faithful to my "front burners" and develop a real sustained lifestyle of shalom.  I should be able to do so in community...  so...this rant has been a long time coming.  it's a backburner topic that sometimes just itches the underside of my skin so hard that i....  well, in this case, i itched.  anyone want to join with me to create procott?  anyone know who's already doing it?