I love baseball season. I think baseball is the greatest sport ever. Americans are smart for inventing it. Unfortunately I don't get as much enjoyment out of baseball as I should. This is because I am a Cleveland Indians fan.  Recently, ESPN.com posted an article about the  urlLink MLB Misery Index . The misery index is a 60 point system that measures two types of fan misery: despair and pain. Despair is caused by losing seasons, pain is caused by having an excellent winning season only to be sorely disappointed in the post-season. And my team, gotta love 'em, are number 2 on the Misery index.  We have historic despair. The Cleveland Indains were so bad, that they made a series of movies making fun of how bad they were (Those would be the major league movies with Charlie Sheen in case you are not up on your funny baseball movies). They were so bad, that they would give out tickets for free. You'd come out from the grocery store and there on your windshield were a couple of tickets to the Cleveland Indians. In fact, word had it that their stadium at the time (Cleveland Municipal Stadium, that was shared with the Cleveland Browns) had a gypsy curse placed on it.   Luckily for me, most of that despair occurred before I really started enjoying baseball. My interest in baseball began around 1994 (the year of the strike and the year Cleveland got a new, supposedly curse-free, stadium) and Cleveland was actually good. Which leads to the pain.   I DID experience pain with my team. 1995 wasn't so bad. Even though they lost the world series, after years and years and years of sucking, it was nice just to be there. 1997 was painful. It was bad enough for me to watch my team come within 3 outs of winning the world series only to be blown by Jose Mesa's grotesque closing pitching ( I later referred to him as Jose Mess-up, and once made a sign that I held up at Jacobs Field reading "Mesa Sucks"). It was really bad for my dad. He's spent his whole life as an Indians fan, through years and years of dispair he then gets shot through the heart with searing pain. Its sad really.  1998 and 1999 were not so bad seasons, though the loss to Boston in the playoffs was quite distressing, and I agreed with the decision that Mike Hargrove should get the boot. And then, new owners and new GM. They decide they need to rebuild the team. Why do you need to rebuild a team that has Jim Thome, Manny Ramierez, David Justice, Robbie Alomar, Omar Viszquel, and Kenny Lofton? Not so sure, but they apparently thought it was a good idea to trade all their good players for prospects and now...more dispair.  Currently, my Cleveland Indains are in last place in the AL Central. This is the same division that is home to the Detroit Tigers. Granted its only the first week or so of baseball, but I think it speaks of things to come. We are in store for 40 some odd years of despair to be topped off by 7 or 8 years of pain. Oh the misery!  urlLink  postCount('108197838111104935');