Perhaps maybei, just maybei things are actualli going mi wai, well the wai that is the best for me...? whoa, thats so strange, but aw well... I am going out with Jeffie now, and I so couldnt be happier man, honestli, he means so much to me, and i hope that i never lose him anytime in the near future, he is such a sweetie, i could go on about him all dai, he is just like... super wicked, he is the best I could ask for, If i was to ask for ani better than that would be perfect, and as far as I know, no one is perfect, but he is pretti damn close, i just have a terrible habit, or maybei even just bad luck about mi bf's totalli not digging me anymore... like they just get... tired??? perhaps, but although i have the worst cheating past in the world, he dont have to worri about that because there is no one that i would even cheat on him with, and i dont want to cheat on him because right now he is like the best thing in mi life, and i dont want to lose that... i would never even dream about cheating on him... and plus, he is how i totalli got over paul, i dont even think of him anymore... thank god... like i cannot believe how long it took me to get over him, it was kind of insane, but no that it is over and done with, i dont have to think about it anymore, haha i so regret writing that last post, seeing as i made a  complete idiot of miself  and i know that if paul ever did sai that he changed his mind ( which he wouldnt) i dont even think i would consider it, right now i am with jeffie, and that is how it is going to be forever, haha well forever as long as i can make it... i just hope that he feels the same wai, thats all i could ask for... tonight i was ay his hockey game, it wasnt too bad, i like seeing him, i could devote all the time in the world for him, and thats the most meaningfulest thing that i could give him, just cause i love being in his company so much, and that everytime i see him smile, it makes me happi too, i dont like to see him unhappi AT ALL! Haha it so sux when he is sad, but i usualli try and cheer him up, although i dont know how much mi gai corny jokes help... but aw well, i just like everything about him, EVERYTHING straight from his eyes to his beautiful face, to his suprisingly nice looking feet :P and everyone knows how much i hate feet :) but i dont care, everything about jeff makes me happy, everything, i cant help but say it, i could repeat miself 1000 times, and it would still mean something, he is so wicked, the best bf i could ever ask for, and at first i had doubts, i realli did, honestli, i just thought of him, as the kewl friend that paul had, and nothing more, but who knew that we would end up so tight, and plus he makes me horny, A LOT! :P haha and thats not a bad thing.... ummm, megan said that when paul gets back everything is going to be fucked, actualli to be honest, i thought so too, i thought that it was going to be like, omg paul is back, i want him to want me so badli, but its not like that!!! all i want is jeffie, i would so choose him over paul in 2 secs, haha, aw well, i am just glad that everything is so working out man... and especially to mi advantage... :) thats a first...  Lets see, well something that is not realli going mi wai, is that stupid summer school, i am soo close to failing, and i have a realli close chance of failing, and i have the test tomorrow, which i am prolli gonna fail too, i cannot believe how hard it is man.. aw well, we will see what happens... i dont realli wanna think about school... Haha, me and megz are getting along so well man, and she got her hair done, it looks fantastic, how it graces her amazingli gorgeous face, i must give it to her, she is one beautiful gurl... i couldnt also ask for a better best friend, she is such a sweetie, she is so nice, and i dont thnk she deserves me, with the wai i am, i am such a bitch, but i dont know, i am just glad that she is alwais there for me, and i hope that i am alwais there for her, but no one beats the stupendous megan, just because she is mi baybei, and no one will take her from me... shes all mine *evil face* haha naw im plaiing, im not that obsessive... i love her so much, and i am not going to lie, she is mi life, along side food, sleep, umm getting miself off, and i guess that jeffie can be apart of that list as well...  Lets see, man Chris Rogers is an awesome person too, i have to sai that he is mi best guy friend, i can talk to him about anything, and its awesome about how understanding, hes an awesome person, and a good friend, i have not known him for that long, but i mean, still he is wicked kewl...  Wow this is realli realli long, haha sorri to anybody who reads this i kinda feel bad, this is like wasting your life awai... :) Lets see, as for prayers go, PLEASE LET ME PASS SUMMER SCHOOL... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, and also another prayer is, me and jeffie will be together for a looooong time, and have lots o' fun if you know what i mean ;) haha so jeffie, if you read this (which you wont) you better get in mi pants soon baybei, before you make me, make you:P haha aw well, have a good nice sleeeeeepp America... Uh, i mean Canada... bye bye bye, N'sync styles bayyyybeiiii... :) Shhh... im tired, and i miss you jeffie, and i love you megan!!!    I miss you babe, and i miss your scent, i would do anything to be right next to you, to hold your hand, to feel your presence, to see your alwais beautiful face, and have you hold me in your arms, and call me yours for alwais and forever...