That feeling returns. That feeling I get before my period when I feel really low, really down, like I'm all alone, no one wants to talk to me, they've all got something better to do, someone better to see; something more interesting to say.  One thing that's keeping me going is that Rich seems to be paying me some attention again- and telling a miserable, PMT-ridden girl that she's beautiful and damn good-looking isn't exactly the wrong thing to do... He wants to take Friday night off work to come and see me, which is sweet, but it's made me all dreamy. This tends to happen when I think there's a chance of me getting with someone; this time I see myself striding confidently into the Meeting House (somehow my bag, bedding and the art box have made their own way in) wearing my fabulous new outfit and walking past Richard as he stops, turns, stares etc. and eventually I return (after doing something irrelevant to pass the time) and he hugs me... and then he kisses me... and it becomes the start of some beautiful relationship where he never notices another girl (although most of the girls at JYF are prettier than me) and we can talk and have fantastic sex (even though his Peeny (Nod to Kat) is tiny) and go to gigs and he'd be original and agree with me that flowers are a cliche and he'd remember that I can't eat chocolates and that I think jewellery is boring and buy me a CD or a poster or something brilliantly original that only this perfect boyfriend would ever think of *breathe*. See why I hate love? I let my mind wander and then I find myself disappointed when Luke buys me a rose because it's "not original". I should be pleased that he's at least thinking about me.   But why settle for satisfied when you could be... happy?  After such a ridiculous outburst of stupid girly feelings, I will clarify that after such mental diarrhoea (sp?) I tell myself to stop being so stupid and that that will never, ever happen to me because it's way too far-fetched. What will normally happen is, I'll walk in, lots of people who I haven't seen in ages will come up to me, hug me, tell me how much weight I've lost, and he'll see me, think "WHY??" give me an uncomfortable hug and then follow Lucy Gemmell around for the whole weekend. I'll let you know.  Ceff x   So alone... Sometimes I swear that I can hear the dawning of a thoughtless world