[ Sat Jan 03, 08:11:03 PM | Wendy Larios | edit ] Hey to whomever might read this... Just wanted to say hello. I am going to try to keep this thing more updated than what I have now that I have more time. The truth is that I don't get online that often and I usually like to take my time when I write a post on my blog.  Tonight I am not really up to much. Just been thinking a lot and how I have been living in the past few weeks. Man it is so hard to live alone. I mean to understand this let me explain. My family are not Christians and many of so what I called once "friends" aren't either. It is great to live a life for God but sometimes its hard to manage when I have no one that understand me. Sometimes I hate being home not because I dislike my family but because I feel lost, disappointed, confused and overall sad. I have been praying for my family but they just don't get it. I am not the Wendy I was before and never will. Sometimes I just feel like leaving here, going to a far away place and start all over. I can't do that but I feel helpless. The only thing that gives me will power in my walk is that I understand that God will never forsake me and that I can depend on him.  To start off I just want to thank the Lord for providing a blessed year, for providing and specially for giving me many opportunities to learn. Although many times I have failed I have recently been learning how to be more humble and self submissive. Keep me in prayer. I just pray that for the coming year I will continue in my spiritual growth and I pray for wisdom and God to put me to use in whichever way he can best use me, although I am convinced that I can not do anything to win my way to heaven I am thankful for the grace of God because through Jesus I can think of that path. ...Hoping to make it....Well today was a good day. I woke up and read about urban ministry and it was enlightening. I have been exposed to this through my boyfriend because that has been his calling. Learning to understand how God places us in a place where we can be the light for his glory I am trying....trying....And trying...To be more compassionate and understanding. I pray for more wisdom and strength in my struggles and weaknesses.  I watched a Christian movie today. It was pretty good the title was "Time Changer" for more movie listings check www.christianmovies.com. It was cool because my parents seen it with me. Not that they might of understood but I know that God transcends all languages and barriers. Let me get to the point I am in here writing on my blog because I got tired of watching all the sick television shows that are on. I know its simple to just sit there and watch them simply for "entertainment" but for some reason I felt wrong I was not entertained by all the junk expressed on TV, especially the Spanish networks. But there is nothing I can do.  I'm looking forward to tomorrow because of church and care group. Well I know this post has been sporadic but I can write forever keep me in prayer and let me know how God has been blessing you guys.  Bye Bye.