Leading an uneventful life is nice for its drama-free-ness, but it sucks for blog inspiration.  Last few days in summary, as I need to post something:   Saturday  was a sleep all-day, out all-night situation.   Cokemaster's still gun-shy from our last outing, so for the second week in a row, he stayed at home (was a  pussy ).  The White Russian (aka my judicial branch-connected cohort) went in his stead.   This was something of a rarity, as WR is more interested in charity outings than the typical bar adventures and hates to be up past his geriatric bedtime of 9pm.  We ran The Gauntlet, which usually consists of first visiting the bar with the $15 all-you-can-drink of whatever-you-want open bar special until 1am, then hopping over the West Virginia line to the hole in the ground that stays open a bit later and has awesome wings... and then to Sheetz (of course) and then home, all while trying to avoid the fuzz.  This Gauntlet Run was relatively tame.  The first bar was host to a bachelorette party.  Had one of us been wearing tighty-whiteys, we could have participated.  Left for bar #2 at 12:30 and got the kickass wings.  The Russian-- who by the way is in no way Russian... he just drinks the White ones with a passion and is going bald faster than me, which makes my own rapid hair loss a bit less traumatic.  Anyway, the Russian recognized a gal he used to work near (a gal he should have hooked up with way back).  The Russian was being extremely shy (was being a  pussy ), so the writer had make the reintroductions happen.  And I took one for the team watching her purse while the two danced the one of the slow songs that always end the night's music.  Because I am selfless like that.  Sidenote:  if the Russian does not make an effort to contact this chick again, his ass will be kicked.   Sunday  was a waste.  I interrupted sleep with a trip to church in the morning, then returned to bed immediately upon my return and stayed there until it was dark outside.   Today  was BrotherWatch.  I unsuccessfully attempted to enhance the little turd's limited soccer skills.   I have three days remaining in my summer vacation.  Something exciting needs to happen before Friday.