I already have a personal blog on LiveJournal, but I thought it might be good to have one that is more professional.  My friend and former student Brenda has one at this site detailing her experiences as an intern, which was a good enough recommendation for me.  I taught in a public 7-12 school in Nunda NY for five years, then moved to Denver CO and spent 7 years in a private Catholic high school.  I'm currently unemployed (voluntarily), and hunting for a new position close to my condo.  Denver traffic is about as bad as Chicago, NY or LA, but our public transportation is far inferior.  As a result, most of us waste tremendous amounts of time sitting in the car.  I couldn't take it anymore, and have vowed to teach in Cherry Creek, the district that I pay taxes to support.  I am within easy biking distance of all 6 high schools in the district.  Now I just have to find the right position.  I'm a science teacher by training, with my BS and MA in biology.  In NY, I have permanent certifications in general science, biology, chemistry and earth science.  In CO, I have provisional certification in middle and secondary science.  NY requires more initial training (Master's degree), while CO requires continuing education and recertification.  So far, I've taught Regents (NY) chemistry, 7th grade computer science, CP (college prep) biology, honors biology, CP chemistry, comparative anatomy, human physiology, ceramics, intro to art, and pastel painting.  I developed the curriculum and all materials for the computer science, anatomy and physiology courses.  I write all my own tests and quizzes, design my own labs, draw diagrams when I can't find appropriate clipart, and pretty much create all the stuff I use in class.  I prefer MacOS, but I can handle Windoze.  I coded in Basic and Cobol on a PDP-8 in junior high, and learned how to type on an Apple III.  I'd like to learn UNIX, but haven't had the time.  I'd love to teach a science class in Spanish, since that would force me to brush up.  Guess you could call me a Renaissance gal.