Well, I am in Tokyo now, typing on a computer at Kinko's in Shinjuku. The typing goes slowly, as I have to look around for the apostrophe and delete keys.   The orientation in Tokyo has been quite a surreal experience, as the cliche goes. We all descended upon the Keio Plaza Hotel like a plague of locusts (ah, now you get it) starting early yesterday afternoon and finishing up around midnight. The Houston group (with whom I traveled) was delayed a few hours along with NYC and Seattle, so we lost out on most of our "wandering around the streets like children on  crack and Kool-Aid " time, although I heard that some people went out anyway, despite getting to the hotel at 11pm, being jet-lagged, and having mandatory meetings early next morning.   I have really been on my toes with the acquaintance-making skills, since I am seated between two new people every couple of hours, and we are all desperate to break the ice before any awkwardness sets in. It's a funny situation; in such a "bonding" experience as this, I feel like it would be a  cold flat insult  to not make small talk with my cohorts, since everyone else is spiritedly asking personal questions and pretending to take note of the answers. I can ignore a stranger pretty well, but I suppose that's because I don't know their situation and never will. The JETs are all in the same boat, though, and being aloof just seems downright stuck-up and pretentious.   Still, there are plenty of people I'm steering clear of: the overenthusiastic self-declared Houston JET representative (think overbearing student council vice president); the mouthy, somewhat  sloppy-looking  drunkard; the dim, lunkheaded, "how did this person ever get into this program" garden-variety dolt.   I have also met some awesome and like-minded individuals like my roommate in Houston, my roommate here in Tokyo, and one of the JETs going to Yamaguchi with me. Another cool thing is that I'm meeting people with all kinds of  accents , most commonly British, Australian, New Zealandish (?),Canadian, and Jamaican. I really love the diversity and the international vibe that's happening here right now.     I really wanted to take some time to describe how utterly  homoerotic  the video we watched today was, but I think I'm a little too short on time (I've got a reception to go to soonish). My speech in Houston went over really well and I've received a lot of positive comments about it, so that was nice. Get your autographed copies for just $9.95! Um, heh. That's about the best I can do right now.   I am getting out of here on Wednesday morning. I'll be  flying  to Yamaguchi that day, then probably getting driven to Iwakuni (my city). From there, who knows how long it will be until I get an internet connection at home. Hopes remain high, though, so I'll do what I can. Let's just keep our fingers crossed that the desktop I mailed arrives in the proper amount of pieces.   No pictures for now, but keep an eye out. Bye!