I had a program scheduled for this afternoon, in which I was supposed to have 40 kiddos (4-11 year olds).  Big, unpleasant surprise.  I got to the site early, so I decided to spend a few minutes sitting in my truck, listening to music.  Only, it wasn't music I heard.  My ears were overwhelmed with the shouts and screams coming from inside the building.  Yes, inside the building.  At this point, I laid my chair back and closed my eyes for about two minutes.  Tried to think of the reasons that I was here.  Why I wanted to be here.  That I was paid to be here.  Even my purest unselfish thoughts were interrupted with the echoes of the fighting, hollering, and caterwauling going on only yards away.  Finally, I shut my eyes hard one last time.  Then opened them, grabbed my stuff and headed inside.  As I mentioned before, I was told there would be almost 40 kids.  As I walked in, I grabbed the nearest recreation staff member.  I asked him if these were all of the kids.  He looked around.  I'm not sure what he said next (as it was too loud to hear even inches away), but I read his lips as, "Uh, yeah.  This is them."  There were more than 40.  In fact, there were 87.  As soon as I walked into the gym (which, by the way, was stuffy & hotter than the balmy 91°F it was outside), the staff members walked out and sat down in the hallway.  I guess they had some serious gossiping to do.  Instead of helping me by disciplining the kiddos (ahem, their job), they thought it was coffee break time.  There was, however, one guy that came back every 8 minutes or so to blow a whistle and get the kids quieter.  Not quiet, but quieter.  Anyway, the position I was in (in the middle of a circle of 87 screaming kids), I did not want to walk out just to address the lazy staff, which probably would have just been PO'd that I was asking for much-needed help, and not have done much anyhow.  So, I did the lesson, finished, and ran out of there like a jack rabbit.  The good news is that when I got back to the office (after another lesson, which- actually- went quite well), I got some sweet sympathy from my coworkers, which I really had been looking forward to.  They are so great.  Enough about the bad part of the day.  The good part?  I had Ranch Style Beans for dinner.  Damn, those are so good.  I really need to learn how to make them (as good as the canned kind), with less sodium.  Soooo good.  Question #4:  If you could spend one year in perfect happiness but afterward would remember nothing of the experience would you do so?  If not, why not? Answer #4:  Well, perfect happiness would include a substantial increase in income....be it work-related, inheritance, investments, or anything else.  Anyhow, missing out on something short-term like a simple memory is nothing compared to the possibility of obtaining a large chunk of money to put toward a future long term investment.