According to my horoscope, this is what I should be doing. And it was the Observer horoscope, so obviously it's true. Talking of the Observer, there was a giant article about blogging in their Review section yesterday. Although it feels good to be ever so slightly ahead of the "trend", I am slightly annoyed because mine and Kat's *thing* has now been broadcast to the entire nation, and suddenly everyone will want one. Just like punctuation and Lynne Truss. Gah. But I digress; as I said, in accordance with said horoscope, I am doing my best to remain as sunny as possible. I had a good driving lesson today, relaxed and went at (wait for it) over 30mph! Zoom zoom zoom. I am also digging out as many summery CDs and songs as I can find, including these albums:  A -  Hi Fi Serious The All-American Rejects - The All-American Rejects Less Than Jake - Hello Rockview  and these songs:  Nelly - Ride Wit Me Fenix TX - Surf Song Letters To Cleo -  I Want You To Want Me Self - Stay Home (Shrek soundtrack)  I also dressed up in my brand spanking new Sandra D outfit (minty green strapless dress, matching baby doll shoes and white cardy) and pranced around the house singing and celebrating the fact that the dress is a size 14. Yippee!  Inevitably, as the sun makes brief appearances, the number of people in the car park rises. I like the car park; it's like a microcosm of the world right outside my window. Everything happens there, and I see it all, hee hee hee... I've noticed a strange increase in the number of punks hanging around. Not skater kids, or random people with baggy jeans and hoodies, but proper punks with tights jeans and anarchy symbols stitched, printed, carved or otherwise attached to skin, bags and clothes. I will watch this development with careful interest... talking of punk, I was reading the Bible-sorry- Kerrang last night and I think they've FINALLY pinned down a definition of today's punk:  "Bending the system to your advantage"  Simple and, well, not very punk, but effective enough. It covers all manner of sins, including Good Charlotte. The only thing is, it was in an article about Mest, who, in case you were unaware (which you probably were because I haven't told anyone), I've gone right off. Eugh- Mest.  Ceff x   I love the way you roll excuses off the tip of your tongue, as I slowly fall apart...