Where's the bounce?  That's the big question coming out of last week's DNC, and it's being downplayed by Dems and trumpeted by Repubs.  I personally think that the truth of the matter is so many people are decided one way or another already that few decided voters would swing based on either convention.  As for undecideds, I think it's going to take a lot more than superficial rah-rah fluff to persuade them to pick either one.  Here's hoping the debates give us something more.  On the Democratic side, I'm a little disappointed in Kerry's speech.  Not much real content, and his tendency to be too verbose will hurt him if not corrected.  He loses people.  On a different note, I can't believe how excited people got for Billary.  She's possibly the worst speaker I've heard in recent years, and he's a self-absorbed womanizer who did well-documented things with interns while riding the coattails of an economic expansion that had little to do with his leadership.  Still, the crowd shots revealed convention-goers who I thought were going to pass out from the excitement when he was announced.  How sad that he's that much of a hero to people.  Once somebody can convincingly explain why he deserves that level of admiration, I'll reconsider my stance.  On the Republican front, it's been pretty quiet while the DNC had its week.  Bush has been moving to respond to the 9/11 report, and in spite of the "too little too late" stance of the Dems, I'm glad something's being done in response.  My only hope is that the pressure to respond quickly doesn't come back to bite us in the future through bad decisions.  Republicans have been calling into question Kerry's documentation of his war experience as well.  Now this is a little strange to me, and not because of my political persuasions.  On a basic level, what kind of person goes back after battles and "reenacts" them for video footage?  If you're truly behind something, you go do it, give it your all, and keep moving.  Kerry's focus on footage during his tour that's being reported makes me wonder where that line between ambition and obsession is drawn.  Was he just there for future political leverage?  His actions once he returned seem to indicate that the political side of the war was far more important to him than what was being done to win it.  If that's the case, and I'm not sure it is yet, I would have severe questions about his ability to support and lead our troops.  Economics:  As we march towards the election, I would encourage everybody to read Thomas Sowell's "Basic Economics."  I started the book last night, and it is one of the most readable, common-sense books I've ever read on the topic.  With so many candidates having economic agendas and planks in their platform, every voter should be familiar with economic principles, and this book is excellent for readers at any interest level.  I've studied domestic and international economics at the undergraduate and graduate level, and so I can confidently state (based on the first section of the book, at least) that this is one of the best economic books out there.