I have heard a lot about blogging, tried it briefly (check out youth  work blogg) but have not yet been committed enough.  After reading a few other peoples bloggs I thought that I would try  again, I have not doubt I will be repeating these words again.  I guess that because it is my blogg I can talk or type, about anything  that I want.  Well today has been a rather strange day, as i entered  school it all started.  A young person who I work with was sitting in  reception, so I said hello, how you doing and so on.  i then asked her  how she was doing, she said that she is not well and going home.  I  know this the norm for any school kid, but I know about her and just  felt really sad for all that she is going through.  Next I went to some teachers in school who are great and are now good  friends, they too were have a hard day.  I talked to them about what  was happening and it was all about what the mentees were going through.    I left school today with a heavy heart, I just had a lot of these  young people on my mind.  I could not stop thinking about all that they  had to go though at such a young age.  I spent some time praying for  them, but then started to think how can I help and support them?  To  this question I am still looking for divine answers.  It has been fantastic in school recently, just getting to know teachers  better and feeling like I am becoming a real part of the school.  As I  am going to be going full time LCET and leaving the church youth work,  I still feel slightly nervous, it has not helped not being able to  share with all my church family that I am leaving.  I am sure everyone  will find out soon.  Other life struggles, but these are personal.  i really want to have a  God centered life but am always facing the same struggle... forgetting  to look to God daily.  I am trying to re-learn and start each day with  some worship and prayer, I will keep you posted.  Any way that is enough for now or I will have nothing to talk about  later.