i wonder why God is testing my loyalty to my friends these days...  just yesterday i received this letter from my ex-kabarkada, stef. she's still my friend but we sort of drifted apart. she told me i looked happy with daryl...very. it was like she was saying i made this choice so she and ayen had no choice but to accept it. she wrote that they think i was happy because i said it saw for the best but my temporary "boy craziness" and era piercing weren't so good. i am aware of that! she said she missed me and hoped the 3 of us could hang out sometime. she even wanted a reply. i'm still thinking of how to tell her to just...move on. i want to say that even if we'd hang out, things won't just fall into their right places but it wouldn't hurt to try.  then daryl wrote to me,too,that same morning. she said she's sorry for not being the best friend there is.she also apologized for not being able to make me happy like how my "ex-best friends" did[not true!]. it came to me as if she and stef talked about how they were going to write to me. the two letters were so similar. they were about my faltering friendship with stef and ayen.  sometimes i think daryl and i are too sweet with the hugging and pet names. but i'm sure i'd miss that sweetness if it was taken away[God,no!]. i just think that it may be hurting stef and ayen...should i say jealous? i do miss the two but i've moved on[somehow] and i hope they have, too. for once, i made a decision for my self and not for myslef plus everybody else[selfish,huh?]. but then, the "heroic" side kicks in every once in a while. i even lose myself in thinking that maybe daryl and i weren't... i don't even wanna say it.  besides, it seems that ayen is avoiding me[i think]. stef's got her own life. both of them have gained good friends unlike the "rebelious me". they're happy, at least i think so. we did gain new friends but somehow lost each other. it was like what ayen said back in 4th grade. she said if i left the 'kada, everyone would drift apart. i didn't believe it back then but now i strongly do. i "left" the 'kada so ayen and stef could hang out more since ayen felt left out. now i'm happy ang regretful of that decision. happy because i found daryl. regretful because stef and ayen drifted apart. i wanted them to be closer but the opposite happened. i wonder, what would've happened if ayen never said she felt left out and we would never have fought? nah, i can't blame her. it was my fault....it always is...  **** i hope daryl never finds out what i think about her and her boyfriend,nick. frankly, i think it's all a joke. i know what love is not, being so sure you love someone in 10 days. though it's painful, it's brutally obvious that nick is playing with her. sweeping her off with cute quotes and 'i love you's. love is built on trust. how can daryl trust nick if they haven't even met.[man, i sound like my parents] well, she said she was only playing with him but it looks like she's the one being played with. i just can't tell this to daryl. first of all, she's so excited about this that i'd kill myself if ever ruined her happiness. secondly, i committed the same mistakes before so she'll think i'm being a bitch[girl thing]. thirdly, she didn't discourage me when i first met JP. i just can't..  being a good friend[according to majority] is being a good influence and driving yourself and acquantance away from harm's way. nick, surely, is bad news. so, i have to protect daryl from him. either i tell her "take it easy" or i tell her to cut the relationship short, she'll probably get...by me! but being agood friend is giving sound, truthful and reasonable advices. the best advice for now is, "daryl, nick isn't good for you." being a good friend is making your companion happy. nick is making her happy. my God, i'm so confused..  what if daryl will understand? what if she doesn't? there's only one way to know: tell her. maybe i should just shut up. is that being a good friend?  how much does it take to be a friend at least?  bahala na!