Ello mates! So you've come to see how I got this nice dark spot around my eye huh? Okay. Here goes....    Franci and Stan (Brianna's parents; also know as "Mom" and "Dad") went into the house to calm down Brandon (Brianna's little brother; 5; also known as "Get off of me you little freak!" jk). Brianna, Majpluam, and I were on the lawn chairs sun tanning by the pools. Once the front door closed to Brianna's apartment, these 5 Mexican kids came out 'towards the pool. Once they came into the fenced area around the pool, the "leader" started saying stuff like "Ha! At least we don't have to have our mommies watch us while we swim." and "Aww! I feel bad for that baby.... NOT!"   That was the last straw. Brianna got up and jumped on that girl! She was (in nice words) MAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The girl looked surprised. As Bri was on top of her, the 4 boys that were with her went to her rescue. As they started trying to pull her off, Majpluam and I attacked.   Right before we started hitting them one said, "You don't want to hit us, you want to kiss us." Majpluam and I stopped running and I walked up to the boy who said that and said, "You know what? Maybe.... I want to do this........" And I got up in his face where it looked like I was going to kiss him and punched him straight in the mouth.   Brianna got pushed off and hit the cement, then jumped back on the girl again.   We were all fighting and started getting close to the pool. Luckily for us (Brianna, Majpluam, and me) we were in our bikinis still, but sad for them, they were still in their clothes, because we all ended up in the pool. The 3 of us pushed, but the 5 of them held onto us. As we got dragged in, our legs hit the edges. Which now means we have cuts, scrapes, and maybe some bruises on our legs and ankles. So all 8 of us went in...... And now the fun begins!  As I must add this as vital, most of us ended up swallowing water. (You'll see why in a bit......) When Majpluam went in she landed on 2 of the 4 boys. I landed on the other 2. Brianna and the girl were still goin' at it. They were screaming ALOT. Yet, it looked and sounded like they were screaming out of fun. The guys were mostly grunting at our blows. Luckily we were in the 5 foot part of the pool or we would have done alot worse to the boys.... We made them swallow twice as much more water as when we went in and we kept them under for a good while! A few more screams from Brianna and her foe. She bit her ear.  Then the front door of Brianna's apartment began to open. We swam away. We swam to the deep end. The group of Mexicans were still in the shallow end. Franci, Stan, and Brandon all came back out. It looked like they had fought each other (Mexicans). There was blood floating around in the water.  They never found out the truth of what happened. The story we gave them about how we got our cuts and I got my black eye was that when we were jumping in we all messed up and hit the edge. And I got my black eye by swimming under the water and Bri had accidentally kicked my in the face.  The funniest thing about this is that we didn't know those people...... and we still don't. We don't even know their names!!!!!    What utter fun! Yeah right. So I have cuts on both ankles and a black eye. Yay!!!!