The world makes insistent demands.  Maybe alarm clocks must BUZZ – BUZZ – BUZZ over and over again to wake us from the free-association world of dreams in order to lay a sense of foreshadowing across all that is to come in the day ahead.   Because what will come will be the same thing over and over again.    BUZZ. Buzz. buzz.  I went to Michigan’s Adventure Land with my brother, the bishop yesterday, and spent most of the day riding carnivals of circles and speed and mountains of height and neck snaps along with a thousand other middle class sensualists.   As we took an umbrella stroller full of bags, backpacks, swimming suits, towels & a video camera back to our matching minivans in the parking lot (stuffed full of more twin minis), his cell phone rang.   It was our brother-in-law Ryan, who lives nextdoor to David in the postwar suburb full of carefully maintained cape cods, square lawns and cascading Home Depot mulch bed gardens.   Emily had escaped again.   Emily is the family beagle whose breed, apparently, predisposes her to escape from home and to run away.  For two summers past, thought their backyard had been an Eden grand enough for her liking.  But this summer….she has fallen from her idyllic original state-of-grace.   Every day there is a call or a chase or a penitent Emily awaiting them outside of the fence in the driveway as they return home.    How does our world come to torture us in these random, uncontrollable plagues?   We choose love and life.  Emily, the beautiful, mild and faithful beagle.   Love and life is full and beautiful for a season – some seasons long, some short.  Emily’s perfection lasted two years.   And then from nowhere – certainly not from our decisions – certainly not from our expectations – feasibly, but outlandishly possibly from the inheritance of Beagle Breeding and Neighborhood Fences – but who could know that such benign and recessive predestinations could so persecute us eventually?   Emily is exploring another point of weakness in the white picket fence right now – what are you up to? Buying a beagle?  Building a fence?    Enjoy the temporary –   Peace~