either our world and society is at a declination, or the medical world and governments have voted upon a new definition of handicapped. already, in more than five countries (u.s., u.k., japan, zambia, and south africa) i've been to, regardless of the fact that this is normal or not, i'd say (according to the old rules and what-not) that handicapped parking lots are being abused. now, as i said before, perhaps i'm missing something when a bunch of perfectly healthy families park into a handicapped parking lot, and WALK out of their car. one man walks right into the pole, sees the handicapped sign, shrugs, and walks inside the building. a police officer is right there, sees the whole incident and doesn't give a damn about the scene. five countries, consistently. maybe we've been corrected when an anonymous person said "stupidity is not a handicap... park elsewhere," and perhaps it is a handicap, but then, who would have thought that we've turned into a society where people would admit that, yes, they are stupid. where's their sense of pride and dignity? and then, going back to the whole family story, but who would have thought that whole groups of people would walk out of a car, all being stupid. what are the odds of idiots, who, perhaps needing professional help (as they are stupid) would reproduce? i'm not talking about those people that we can actually SEE having problems. no. i mean those people that look fine, that seem to be able to take care of themselves enough that two stupid couples reproduce to have a stupid son and daughter, who seem to be aware enough of what they do to say "look daddy, it's a handicap sign," and the father replies, "oh, yes, what do you know."   all right. so it seems they're fine, and they don't need professional help. and they still go into a handicap sign. so if it is the case that this is normal, why not just lose the handicap sign. it seems already like it doesn't exist. and i guess no one really seems to mind about real handicapped people, and OBVIOUSLY the government doesn't want to do anything about it. the police obviously don't seem to care, and neither does society.  overreacting? definitely. but showing truth and possility and pure simple logic. definitely. lying? nope.