Ever fell off a bike?  Embarrassing, right?  What about fell off a bike in front of people?  The embarrassment grows then, doesn't it?  How about on a busy street?  You feel your cheeks getting redder, don't you?  How about when you're 26 years-old, you fall off your bike on a crowded street, right in front of your house, and then just lie in agony on the sidewalk while people drive by?  How's THAT for completely humiliating?  Yep, true story.  Happened to me.  Did you know that the left brake on a bike is your front brake, and the right brake is your rear brake?  I did NOT know this.  Why didn't someone tell me this?  Shouldn't this be in a manual or something?    I'm gaining speed, getting much closer to my house.  The wind is in my hair, my heart is pounding, everything is great.  I'm getting nervous because a turn is coming up, and I'm no good at turns.  I'm concentrating really hard.  Too hard, I guess, because I forgot to slow down.  So instead of easing on my brakes, I slam them.  Unfortunately, not knowing that the left brake is the front brake (see above paragraph), I hit that one harder.  Over the top of the bike I go.  I have scrapes on my hands.  I'm a whimp.  Scrapes are huge for me.  I also have a mondo-giant bruise growing on my upper left thigh.  That's where the bike landed on top of me.  Ever MORE embarrassing, though doubly-sweet, is the fact that three, yes THREE, cars turned around and came and asked if we (my very over-protective, freaking out by now, hubsand was with me..THANK GOD) needed help.  Isn't that sweet?  Everyone thinks I live in a bad neighborhood.  Mostly because black people live here.  *GASP*  Did I just say black people?  How COULD I possibly live near "those" people.  Sheesh.  But this just proves how great my neighborhood truly is.  Three couples took time out of their busy lives and turned around to see if a poor woman needed help.  That's awesome.  And just when I was beginning to lack faith in humanity.  I'm still totally embarrassed.