Was chatting with Johnathan on Wednesday night about friendship best friends.    I was asking him did he ever thought of what does the term 'best friend' means according to his own definition, and, like what I've guessed, he never actually thought about it.   It just seem strange to me that we can know a word and use it so often yet we never really think about the true meaning of the word, or in other words, what does the word really mean to us.     And so that night we kind of discuss about each other's opinion, what does friends and best friend mean to us personally.   According to his opinion, my best friend would most probably be my wife. It's actually something for me to ponder about...   The thing is, I get along with girls quite well and girls are nice to talk with and be with. But there are just things that I won't talk to girls about...   So is it the same that there are just something a husband wouldn't tell a wife?       Last night I went to dinner with Kai Liing at Ameerali. We planned to go to cf together after dinner, and we even brought our bible along as well.   But as we were coming back from the coffee shop, he suddenly told me it might be the last time he'll be going, because he feel it's not nice going to two churches at once, although this is just a ca (campus alive) meeting.   And before we reach the van, he suddenly said to me :"I thinks I won't go today lar." With that he went back to the hostel.   It actually gave me a shock because I never encountered such a situation before. And it made me think as well, what's MY purpose of going to cf...      Sometimes I just feel that it's a obligation to go. And if I don't go, I don't feel right with God.    May be it's because I've not been spending enough quite times with God, so going to cf is a way I can make up for it...    But it can be that it' the only place where I can worship God and sing praises to him freely...   I'm not sure which is the real reason...maybe it's the combination of the two...    Today is my first time coming to Wai Peng's house in ss2 from Shah Alam by bus and lrt.    Well, it's sort of achievement to me, and I feel quite proud of myself that I can go about alone.   It gives me the feeling of independence : )    Still haven't memorize my Korean song yet...:~(. It seems to take a long time just to memorize a line.   Hopefully I can memorize it by Sunday afternoon...