We made it back safely from Florida, but not without a little emotional trauma.  Oh, the trip itself was fine.  But the airplane that was to sprint us back to Maryland was experiencing mechanical problems.  Hardcore, six-guys-sticking-their-heads-in-the-engine-and-looking-confused kind of problems.  I'm quite frightened of flying, anyway, and this didn't help.  The gate announcements didn't help, either.  "We won't put you on this plane until we figure out what the hell is wrong with it."  Um, thanks?    Have you ever had a cold?  Have you ever thought you got rid of the cold, successfully defeated it with the only tools you have at hand (chicken soup, OJ, and Day-Quill)?  Have you then woken up the next morning feeling like a Human Phlegm Factory, realizing that not only had the cold not gone anywhere, the germs were just apparently regrouping for an even stronger attack?  Well, our plane had a cold and I was terrified of a mid-flight relapse.  Thankfully, the problem was so bad that they couldn't fix it in time for our flight, and they put us on another plane.  So my panic was mostly abated - at least I wasn't on a plane known to be ill.   There's another element to the problem.  We were flying on AirTran.  And as much as I value the low fares, I haven't been able to entirely forget that AirTran used to be ValuJet.  And a ValueJet plane crashed mightily to the ground because of shoddy maintainence practices, just a few years ago.  Sooooo...  Next time, it's Southwest all the way.  At least if they kill me, I'll have a little more leg room.  In other news, I spent the last class of university Summer Session I embroiled in a heated argument about the value of socialism.  The course was about the culture of post-USSR Russia, but this topic lends itself surprisingly well to "current event" type arguments.  Since Russia is now dealing with an identity crisis of sort, it was natural to discuss what is right about the free market, what was done wrong in the past, etc.  The professor also encouraged this sort of discussion.  A lot.  She seemed to really enjoy debates.  Thank God, she is sympathetic to capitalism (yes, Virginia, there is a university professor who believes in capitalism!) so it wasn't a horror show.  Still, though, the classroom can be a pretty harsh place for libertarian nutbags like me.  I'm hoping my next Summer course isn't quite so volitile!  All things considered, though, I'm glad I took this course.  The material was interesting, I learned a lot, and the professor was, overall, absolutely top-notch and amazing.  And not just because she is in favor of the free market, heh.  I'd never have expected it, for all the criticism I throw at Maryland and its environs, but my educational experience here has been surprisingly positive.  There are a lot of great professors at this school.  It is hard, even with all my years of taking college courses and all my natural snarkiness, to feel anything but proud that I'll end up graduating from here.  Go figure.