Greetings in the name of Jesus!  June 23-27, 2004 was CPTPC retreat 2004 was awesome. how great it is to be totally dependant and blessed by God. i am not worthy, but i am available! more later...  Ephesians 6  The Armor of God     10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power.  11 Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes.  12 For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.  13 Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything, to stand.  14 Stand firm then, with the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with the breastplate of righteousness in place,  15 and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace.  16 In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith, with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one.  17 Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.  18 And pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the saints.    19 Pray also for me, that whenever I open my mouth, words may be given me so that I will fearlessly make known the mystery of the gospel,  20 for which I am an ambassador in chains. Pray that I may declare it fearlessly, as I should.    Final Greetings     21 Tychicus, the dear brother and faithful servant in the Lord, will tell you everything, so that you also may know how I am and what I am doing.  22 I am sending him to you for this very purpose, that you may know how we are, and that he may encourage you.    23 Peace to the brothers, and love with faith from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.  24 Grace to all who love our Lord Jesus Christ with an undying love.  By His grace and mercy, Gill