May 7, 2004  You found me! Admit it, you hate me to death. I used to feel the same way. For whatever it's worth, i want you to know that that hate i felt for you before has turned into fondness. Well, here you are, trying to figure out something and here I am trying to prove something.   You were the first one to admit it, you've been into constant obsession about me, your present's past. Well, of the so many opportunities that you've been giving me to be updated with what's new to both of you, I guess i've also been obssessed with my past's present, and who knows, my past's future as well. I rarely have time to obssess about you, but everytime i'm given an opportunity, i've eventually learned to smile at what i am witnessing.   I am pretty good at looking at the brighter side of things. So, let's put it this way, God has His ways of making us closer together. Our hatred-slash-obsession towards each other might, somehow, end here. There are things left unresolved, people (aside from the three of us) have stayed anonymous. I still don't know how to deal with them, but, I do know how to deal about us. I might forgive those people if they have been brave enough to reveal themselves. I hope you will too.   I am not washing my hands from anything. I know that I've caused pain to both of you. It's because, I, too, was handling too much pain. But I know that either will not last for eternity (might last for a lifetime, but, at least, not for eternity, right?). With this thought, I am asking for your forgiveness. I learned to forgive myself and the two of you. Since learning to forgive is the most simple step towards total healing.   After almost two years, I read the content of this blog. It was a relief that nothing in its content has served as a remnant of any ill-wishes. Rather, I saw a person who's handling pain in the most apt manner. I've always been this way believe me.   He once thanked me for understanding his situation. All I could tell him then was I wanted him to be happy. Now, I can honestly say that I am happy for both of you. I am happy that he found you. I am happy because he's found his happiness with you.   It's easier to be happy with him if we both know that we've found a way to share each other's peace. Through this, we can both continue to live a life without hating someone.   This letter, I hope, will serve as our first attempt to bond and respect each other's world. If in case God wants us to meet someday, we don't have to talk things out (because i am not good at expressing serious thoughts verbally, i stutter, i cry or i hide it through laughter; i hate confrontations as well; but, i am good at warm and friendly gestures). If in case our paths crossed, we can at least smile at each other and say hi.   I am out of words already. But let me conclude this with the point that I am trying to make, there is no competition between us, and nobody should be left as a victim (i am particularly talking loudly to myself). Just for the record, I never planned for this thing to happen. However, I hope that you could still remember the last letter i sent u. This is what concludes it. God has lead us to be into this situation. I am writing to you and you will soon read this.   Have a great life ahead of you!