So while today started out well enough, it quickly turned sour.  Last night, I let Monkeypants stay the night.  Okay, I requested that he stay with me.  As in I didn't make him wake up and leave at 3 AM.  (I think that's getting to be harder on me than it is on him.  Poor guy.)  So I woke up next to the man I love.  The Little Dictator told me in the car that I was the Mommie.  Someday, he would be the Daddy.       *silence*       "What, honey?  I'm afraid that he's not a Daddy."       "But he love you.  And he love Lia.  And Mommie love Sam and Lia love Sam."       "Well, I do understand that, and I'm *really* glad that you like him, but he's not part of our little family yet."       *silence*       "Lia?"       "Tomoyow?  Sam is my family tomoyow?"       "Not tomorrow, honey.  But eventually, okay?"       What a completely bizarre conversation to have with a three year old.  I don't even really want to get into it.       When I walked into work, I found out that I had been written up for "insubordination, incompetency, and failure to perform work duties."  When I questioned the evidence to this, my supervisor pulled out a form that I had misunderstood the directions on, and discussed at length with her yesterday.  She informed me that I needed to have it done this morning by ten and in the mail by eleven, or she'd be turning the write up in.  She has serious misgivings that i'm capable of handleing this job.       Of course I'm going to make mistakes.  I started in February for Christ's sake, and I now have more experience in the office than anyone else.    It is a slow time, and it is true that it must look to her as though I do nothing, because three days out of five I have *exceptionally* minimal amounts of work to do and the other two I have only slightly more, but that will change when my students start in three weeks.       I have to find a new job.  I need to get out of here and free myself.  This job was tolerable until Fucking Karen started working here.  The problems didn't all start until after Jeremy and Dustin left.  Fucking Karen hates me.  She is working against me.  Not quite sabetoge, but close enough.       *sigh*       I hate that I share an office with her.  Now I can't vent or cry or anything.       Sam, where are you?  I need you.       On a brighter note:  Monkeypants is designing us a coffeeshop/bookstore/studio/loft.  Its wonderful, and I tear up everytime I think about it.  I love him so much, and I just am still blown away that he loves me that much as well.