last night i was stuck in traffic for two hours. literally my butt was in pain. i saw two people who get into a heated argument because of a traffic altercation. i hate it when people flare up or become unreasonable. i arrived at the house almost 10:00 pm. feeling all weary, i tried reading my civil law books in vain. i fell asleep at 11:40 pm.  my life today centers around marriage. well this is the content of exam. i will read more after this blog spot doodle.   i feel distressed when i see young people smoking. isn't there a law that prohibits selling cigarretes to minor? it seems  though that this law is ineffective for apparently no one cares. according to this law cigarette vendors should be situated at least 200 meters away from the university/school. obviously this law is also in reality non-existent. i ask what are laws for if not properly observed or implemented.   dura  lex sed lex my foot!     unlike in singapore where laws are strictly implemented, here in the Philippines there is wanton disregard for the law. when i was in singapore last year i was conscious of not violating any law for the fines were exorbitant. imagine paying $500 dollars for littering.  in the philippines we treat the entire street as a vast trashcan. throw your refuse at will. anyway one could never find trashcans. this is the price of uncurbed democracy.  anyway smoking for the youth really ought to be properly regulated. also when i was walking home i saw children sniffing rugby. where is the dswd? those children are the future of our land, and look where they are now. indeed the situation is quite pitiful. i feel bad knowing that the lives of these children are wasted. why is it that we, more often than not, simply ignore them, treat these children as mere vagrants and nuisance, just dirty and burdensome dregs of society. maybe they are, i thought to myself, and one reason is probably because we allow the situation to persist. we are oblivious. we treat these people as if they are invincible. but the poor, the dirty and the marginalized are constant fixture in our society and something must be done to help alleviate their problem. hallow words do not amount to anything.    "something must be done", and i say that to myself convinced that at the moment what i say are mere words lacking in action.