Dear God forgive me for the acts of triteness that I am about to commit to!! OK, that's done...   So, the majority of the world thinks a teacher's schedule is pretty f-ing cool. I mean, come on, we get 2 weeks at Christmas, a week in the Spring, all federal holidays,  these random blow off days (cleverly titled TEACHER INSERVICE - I still don't know what the hell that means.), and of course, the crown jewel.......10 weeks of summer vacation!!  Last night, I was approached by a typical corporate suit who began our conversation (after he opened with the timeless "Whatareya drinkin' there, cutie?!!") by asking me what I did for a living. I replied that I was a teacher, to which Mr. Corporate countered with.."God, you are so lucky!! I'd party it up all summer. It'd be beer, bars, babes, and baseball!" At least I think that's what he said. Truthfully, I was walking away as he was finishing the sentence (I'm not the nicest to guys in bars...but that's the subject of another blog). The point is (and yes, I'm getting there) the general populus views a teacher's calendar as ideal. I'm here to tell you.....I'm not sold. I began the summer in good cheer..caught up with friends, did some shopping, hit a few happy hours, prepared for and attended many nuptials, Then, came July.....and I found myself (after a brief vacation) with a lot of time to kill. Most of you know that I'm AWFUL at being sedentary. I maintain a pretty vigorous life/schedule and I like it that way. As of late, I'm struggling to fill my time. Here's what I did today (well, most of it anyway)....I laid on the couch, read, and played intermittently with the new features of Yahoo messenger. That's it. Today being my rest day from the gym - I didn't even do that. And to be perfectly frank, I'm hard pressed to think of anything that I NEED to do.  I've become sadly familiar with the Discovery Health Channel, online Scrabble, and my daily horoscope. I have cleaned, organized, and arranged everything in my house at least twice. I've filled days downloading music to arrange the perfect work out cd, and my big task for tomorrow is to go to the Hallmark store and buy 4 birthday cards. An outing that I'm pathetically excited about. Get a job you say?? I should have....Look at me, I've even succumbed to the world of blog (sigh).