Tonight I got to sing for the Danny Daniels thing, it was neat. He didn't lead worship, I kind of was hoping that he would but I think he is doing that tommorrow. Anyways he was talking about spiritual gifts: the gift of healing, miracles, prophetic words ect. As he was talking I was thinking of a conversation that I had recently with my dad. He asked me if I wanted to go to a Benny Hinn ministry conference he's going to be in Phoenix in February, he said that it would be a great opportunity for me to get healed. Well I am not sure what I believe on his ministry, granted I don't know him, I can see that he does have a heart for God but I don't know if I can go to a place expecting healing, putting all my faith and hope in one event or time. So I told my dad I would pray about it. Well it has been bugging me for awhile, I just don't have a peace about it. But I don't want to hurt my dad either. So anyways Danny D was talking about people how they don't have the gift of healing they are given a gift of healing at that time, so it's not something you have for ever or one person can't have the gift of healing, it is all about God's doing, and if he chooses to use a person then awesome, praise God for it! So at the end he was talking about how he gets words of knowlegde for people or God uses him to speak to people. So I kind of prayed in my mind, "God please have Danny or someone else think of me or call me out so that I can get prayer." And no sooner did I finish when Danny said "someone is trying to play telephone with God, and he hears you." Wow God, you work fast! I got a tugging in my heart to ask Danny about what he thinks about the Benny Hinn minsitry or if he could help me be at peace. He told me he doesn't know Benny, he probally is a great guy. But if Benny heals at all it is because he gets a gift at that time or the people that are working with him get a gift of healing at that time. I finally just told him about what my dad said, and finally fessed up that I was going for a healing for myself.  I was almost in tears because I am so confused, and I hate telling people that I have arthritis. Well he asked if he could pray for me, by then I was crying and shaking. He said that he could see that I have lots of doubts and fears. Lots of questions, that he was going to pray for healing but that God would do it on his own time. He also prayed for peace about going to the conference. Yep I was still crying, but I feel relieved to tell someone, I was telling Andre just before I went up there, I'm so scared I don't know if I can ask, because I knew he would pray for me. But God is good, so good. He used Danny to reassure me that he's got my back, he will be my comfort and that he has been there through out my whole time having arthritis.