After traipsing the world as the daughter of a Foreign Service officer, I was superficially planted along with my parents and two siblings in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Not sure what I wanted to do – try my hand at becoming the next super model, break into the Ivy League set at Princeton or pretty much nothing, I opted for the later and enrolled in the university in town. My parents lived three minutes from campus, but we all agreed I needed the freedom which living in a dorm afforded. (Now, I know they just wanted me out of the house!)  I had one heck of a first year – made a 4.0, fell in love and rebelled in ways I never imagined. It was my second year of school that I met Ginny and Wendy, though I have no recollection of how we began or even transformed into these parts of a whole. It seems we have always been… drawn by our differences, tied by our common core.   I think it was my ever-present longing for things beautiful and rare that shone light on the loveliness of Ginny and Wendy:  Ginny with her masses of dark curls and the naturally rosiest lips I’ve ever seen. Eyes of curiosity and a mind that reaches beyond my imagination to distant times in the past and future. Goofy and comfortable in her skin. Natural and adventuresome. Accepting and versatile. Laughter.  Wendy, a woman from another time, who I’m quite sure was the object of life-changing affection from a medieval knight of the roundtable. Disarming tiger eyes and orange-roped hair. All curves and softness of a Titian masterpiece, and strength and courage of a frontier maiden. Amazing diverse talent and vision. Headstrong and elitist, but unwaveringly loyal.  I’ve always thought them simply wonderful and considered myself the lucky one in the group.   Ginny was so committed to her study, I relished the opportunity to barge in to her room and keep her from being so productive, plus she had a computer and also a refrigerator that was always stocked with cold Diet Coke. Pink Floyd and Indigo Girls in the background, we spent a lot of time curled on the beds wondering about life and decisions along the way. She particularly hated that I would put my feet on her pillow…  There was one moment, so inconsequential that has stayed in my mind. Ginny’s parents had come in for some event. We were on the elevator going up to our floor. Ginny was in a dress – gasp – and looked the most uncomfortable I’ve ever seen anyone look. It irritated me so to see her like that – the ease and comfort I found in her grounded-ness was gone and I hated it.  Saturday mornings, Wendy was like a siren calling from the ocean. I would wake up to her singing and the haunting strains of the hammered dulcimer. I loved to float down the hall and watch her. Even amid piles of clothes and yesterday’s school papers layering the floor, she transformed the air into a misty hillside in Ireland.  There are so many memories of vibrant living during that time –we were so tentative, but hopeful, believing in each other so much more than in ourselves. We have been changed much by life since then, but still have that same love for each other… the kind that lasts forever.