I am so tired today, I didn't get much sleep last night because I spent the night at Brynn's house. I wasn't tired when we came home at ten so I decided to watch Sleepless in Seattle. It made me cry, man I am getting weaker crying at the bat of an eye, hee hee. No its not getting weaker cuz I  am dealing with emotions, right? Whatever, so her cat was attacking me all night, he kept trying to cuddle with me, normally it would be cool, but I'm allergic! I could feel myself getting itchy and teary eyed. I ended up going to bed at one, very good movie by the way. I normally don't admit to watching girly movies but you all caught me! So to make things more interesting the house was so cold I thought I turned up the heater but I  was freezing! I had at least three blankets and was still cold, I think it was 62 degrees in the house, no wonder!  So needless to say I was getting up every hour to check the heater and the kitty kept bothering me, isn't it all lovely. And then sweet Brynn gets up at 5:30 a.m. and is ready to play. God sure does have a great sense of humor. Brynn at the Christmas party got a  picture frame that had the words friends on it, so she wanted to find a picture of her an her mom having a good time having fun. We found a cool picture of them by a waterfall it was perfect with the green background. Today at church I was shocked to have Allyson come up with blond hair in the front of her head, she looked a little like Rogue from the Xmen. I shouldn't have been surprised because she told me on Thursday that she was going to do it. It will take a little getting used to but that's fine. So after lunch with Hannah, I came home and first went to the couch to watch football with the boys but I was asleep even before the first play, then I went to bed to sleep for a total of three hours. I really needed that. So it was dinner time, and there was a great Sylvester Stallone movie, demolition Man! When I was in my bed there was a gangster movie, called Amongst Friends that was on, it was great. My brothers said that they think it is funny that I like those kind of movies, like it is out of character for me or something. Well they are some things that are shocking about Cela, that is one of them! Well it must be a movie night for me because the boys just got The Gladiator, another one of my favorites! Hooray! Have a good night!