I loved watching the Apprentice.  And I think all of us should follow it when the second season hits NBC this fall.  I came across this article.  Looks like a bunch of redneck tow-truck drivers wanted a piece of booty or something... Check it out.   Last week, Apprentice star Katrina Campins and her fiancé were jumped by a team of tow-truck drivers, who left her with a broken nose, scrapes and bruises.   On Thursday, the alleged perps, Donald Seay, 27, and his brother, Daniel Seay, 24, were arrested and charged with two felony counts each of aggravated battery, per a North Miami Beach Police Department spokesperson.   The men are scheduled to appear in court for a bond hearing this afternoon.   The "Apprentice" star, Katrina Campins, a Miami-area realtor, and her beau, Ben Moss, were planning their September nuptials at Donald Trump's Miami hotel on June 27, when they saw their car being towed from a strip-mall parking lot.   The high-school sweethearts confronted Donald Seay but he refused to release the vehicle and reportedly cursed them out. (Still no word from officials on why the car was towed.)   The reality star and Moss proceeded to follow Seay in a cab to the towing company's lot where they allegedly scuffled with the brothers and several unidentified men.   "[We] were knocked to the floor. I was punched and kicked in the face, back and neck," Campins said in a statement.   But according to an interview Daniel Seay gave local TV station WPLG, the lovebirds sparked the smackdown.   "They came in my office. He [Moss] was ranting and raving about [the towing, saying] he's not paying for this," said Seay. "He hit me in the back of the head. I turn around, [and] he's still swinging at me. So I defended myself. I ended up hitting him. He fell over her, and they both went to the ground."   Following the fracas, the couple fled to the Parkway Regional Medical Center, where Campins was treated for a "broken nose and lacerations on her head, neck and torso" and Moss was treated for a "split upper lip and lacerations on his scalp, neck and torso."   Authorities say they don't anticipate filing charges against Campins and Moss. A lawyer for the couple says a civil suit has already been filed against Seay Towing.   Strange....Tow truck people are scary.  No one stands in the way of that thing.