Of bashing scriptures and pearls   Well, it's more about Perl and bash scripts. On the cluster we're using this one set of tools, from the  urlLink KludgeKollection , to make our life a lot easier. Those scripts weren't doing exactly what we were needing, so today I said to myself "Hey, I'm smart. I can improvise pretty well. I can take a look at these scripts, and maybe modify them to our needs?". So I did. And I've concluded that the author of those scripts is a moron. Not a whack-your-head-into-a-lightpost kind of moron, just a this-script-sucks-big-donkey-**** kind of moron. Just by skimming over the contents of the file I could point out heavy design flaws... So I spent the greater part of an hour just rewriting the whole goddamn thing, making it stronger, faster... BETTER. I still got several additions for it in mind, which I'll probably work on tomorrow.  Oh, and another thing:  I got mail, yay! I got mail, yay! I got mail, yay!  I had ordered the Demons & Wizards CD, and it's here! It's just  SO cool! I love it! It's my  preciousss!    Endless stairs A guiding light It seams to shine bright But it's cold Wicked signs will mark our way Wicked signs will mark our way Mark our way Mark our way  Call me Messiah - I am god A true lord but alone Call me liar - oh I won't deny That I'm mad  Am I evil, am I good Mad existence, faith and greed  The universe a gallows Pole Extinction of the living soul  Towards the sun we'll keep moving Fate I hold in hand Dancing 'til the end I am condemned Oh I bring all mankind's end The end Oh I've seen All life die  A shattered heart, an empty soul Just one false move and it took it's toll The rising of an evil seed I can't describe the pain I feel Outside it's dark, inside it's cold The sun still shines bright But it's time is short  Endless stairs A guiding light That once was warm But now it's bitter cold  It's freezing hearts It's freezing souls Soon icy shades will cover all It pretends to be alive It pretends to be alive Be alive Be alive Be alive  Collapse of the mother All will die The void it frightens me I've faced the demon And he dwells inside  And when I laugh, it's tears I hide And when I cry, it's joy inside A fool disease has stained the land The bitter harvest of a dying bloom And when I cry, it's joy inside A wicked smile for all the tears I hide It hurts to hold all the pain I feel The bitter harvest of a dying bloom  Nothing is real Nothing but him