One again, mi luck is working to mi advantage... First off, I have strep throat... *rrr* i am so mad about that man, it is like killing like a fuckin bitch, i hate it, and i just got mi braces tightened as well, so thats even worse, EVEN worse is that i can't see mi jeffie for at least 2 dais, and thats hard, dont ask me why, i am a loser i know... but hey, i will live hopefulli, i dont want to die while i have strep throat... i doubt that i will, uhmmm... lets see, what is going on these dais, well on fridai the 13th... YES! i am supposed to go to the movies with chris and see alien vs. predator, i am so fuckin excited to see that man, honestli, i have been waiting forever to see it... i alreadi saw the first 4, like... 32545342591347534 times anyway... haha, so i finalli get to see a sequel, and the predator movies are fuckin amazing as well... but on that date is me and jeffie's month, i cannot believe that we have been going out for a month, for some strange reason it feels as if it could have been at least like half a year, i think it is because we were good friends before, and now that we are involved, NOW, it feels much longer... but thats not a bad thing... I have been talking to megan a lot about loving, and how i am scared, because being committed is such a wierd thing to be doing at such a young age, and plus, i never thought that i would be finding love at this time anyhow, but jeff told me that he is falling in love with me, and that made me feel good inside, it felt like a re-assurance... you know... And i was glad to know that someone could actualli be into me like that, you know? And i was triing to convonce miself that i wasnt falling in love with him miself... and everytime i would tri to convince miself, i couldnt... I could onli think positive thoughts, like there was absoluteli no reason for me to not love him, like in mi msn name, and all the times that i tell him... i cannot wait til i know it is actual love, and i can be like... I love you.. and actualli mean it... there must not be a better feeling in the world, then having someone to love, and them loving you back... i am a bit scared, although jeffie is completeli trustworthy, i just account for paul, and i think about how devoted i was to him, knowing he wasnt going to be here for 2 months, but i honestli fell in love with him immediateli. i have never felt that kind of passion over one person before, and i wanted to tell him, but he also has commitment problems... its okai though, he is mi past, but i think that there will be some wierdness between us... in the longrun we may be able to keep it as friends, but there will alwais be that little spark between him and i... no matter what, and if i could make it go awai, i would... but i dont think it ever will, i so remember every sweet thing paul used to sai to me, and how he would wait for me as well, we had so mani conversations about it, and he promised... he fuckin told me, we would be together, and then all of a sudden he changed his mind, that guy brought me the most sorrow in the world... he told me, when i "cheated" on him that time, that he wanted there to be an amazing gurl waiting there for him... and i would have been, i realli would have been... i wanted him, more than anything, mi desire was so strong, everything about him was so amazing, his smile, his attitude, the wai he kissed me, the wai he apologized, how he was alwais triing to talk to me, writing emails, and letters in school, i will never forget the moldi sandwich, i just sometimes wish that he would change his mind, but there would be absoluteli no reason what soever, for him to do that, i guess all i can do now is wish the best for him and his gf... thats it, i cant remember what he used to be like... Paul used to be amazingli genuine, and very truthful... i had a lot of fun with him, and we alwais had something to laugh about, i will never forget the time that he was drunk, and he was saiing all that amazing stuff about me, even though he was drunk, he still said it when he was sober... i dont know if i love jeff as much as i loved paul, but soon enough i think... i realli do... but paul, if you ever read this, you would know how i felt, and you knew it too... You know how dedicated to you i would have been, i dont think it matters anymore, but its okai... i was reading all the old emails that he sent me, i remember all the things he said to me... it reminded me of who he realli was... it made me realize... thats who he realli was, he was such a sweetheart, but now all i picture him is, a jackass, i remember all the text messages... i lived for those... and his notes, and how i would see him at mi locker EVERYTIME before class... aw man, those were good times, well now all i have to do is look at the future, and thats jeff, and i am so amazingli glad it is... i could NOT ask for any better, if there was, well i have alreadi established that, well, maybei he would be perfect... no one is perfect though... he is so damn close that it scares me... i just like the wai jeffie treats me, he treats me so well, he deserves so much better than me, and he refuses to realize that its true, but he realli could... one dai perhaps he will find a love better than me, but... well, i know that no highschool relationships last forever, and i have come to realize that, it will end, and i have to cherish it while i have it, it mai last a looong time, but i doubt much longer than 2 years, omg... imagine that, i would be 16 and he would be like 18, thats pretti insane... :P if so, our realtionship must be close to perfect... i couldnt imagine fighting with him though... what would i fight with him about?? i cant think of anything... haha i mean everything he does... i dont mind, and i guess i have a high tolerance for his handball, because he is so cute when he plais, and i love it when he gets all sweaty and stuff, i think that it is super adorable. the best thing with me and jeff, is that i know that jeffie used to be all sad, because he was loneli, and now that he has me he is happier, and i am not triing to be modest about it or anything its just that it is a fact... but i take jeff for who he is... i love everything about him, everything, everything!!! haha its just i dint know that i could find someone so perfect in every single wai, i never knew that such luck would hit such a terrible person, like me. its just i mean, i deserve so much less, someone who would push me around, you know? instead i got an amazing, funni, wonderful, guy, whom, could not get much better... wow, i so could go on about him all dai... but i will force miself to stop as of now, i am prolli gonna start getting repetitive... but we shall see. i hope everything is the same when school starts... so yah, (thats so paul) or so sue me... haha he used to sai that all the time... whoa, i think that i shoudl make a list of everything that reminds me of paul, and jeffie, i alreadi have done one of those for paul... oh yes, i must put another song on here that reminds me of jeffie, haha i think that me and pauls song was that funki town one, that one sooo reminds me of him, its insane... i remember that dai *sighs* so long ago... Well this is the song that reminds me of Jeffie, he alreadi knows that i am going to put this one on here, because i told him that i was going to yesterdai. so i guess that he knows... haha but i dont know how much he reads this thing, so i dont know what he thinks about me, i wonder if he trusts me, i realli super, hope he does...     War all the time-Thursday      I cant listen to anything by thursday and not think of jeff...       Lyrics...     Standing on the edge of the palisades cliffs