urlLink PIPA - What's New   You have heard the news now read the report...the key finding is that if this perception could change, the presidency will fall...   STEVEN KULL, skull@pipa.org, http://www.pipa.org Kull is director of the Program on International Policy Attitudes which has recently released two studies: "U.S. Public Beliefs on Iraq and the Presidential Election" and "Americans on WMD Proliferation." He said today: "Sixty percent of Americans believe that just before the war Iraq either had weapons of mass destruction or a major program for developing them. Few Americans perceive most experts as saying the contrary. Perceptions of what the experts are saying are highly correlated with intentions to vote for the president in the upcoming election. Among those who perceived experts as saying that Iraq had WMDs, 72 percent said they would vote for Bush. Despite polling showing that the majority of world public opinion is opposed to the U.S. war with Iraq, only 41 percent were aware that this is the case. Among those who knew that world public opinion opposed the U.S. going to war with Iraq, only 25 percent thought that going to war was the right decision.... Asked how many nuclear weapons the U.S. has, the median estimate was 200 ... the actual number of U.S. nuclear warheads is 6,000. A majority is not aware that the U.S. made a commitment to seek the ultimate elimination of nuclear weapons as part of the Non-Proliferation Treaty. However [when informed] a very large majority (84 percent) thinks doing so was a good idea and that the U.S. should make greater efforts toward that goal. A very large majority supports giving international inspectors the power to examine biological research labs in all countries, including the U.S., to determine if they are abiding by the biological weapons treaty. Three-quarters incorrectly believe that the U.S. government supports such an inspection regime. Americans show a strong preference for multilateral arms control over the use of military threats."