After almost a full week without internet access in my apartment, I feel like I've discovered the Holy Grail.  My internet is back up and working.  Thank God!  The past week has gone fairly well.  I'm getting settled into work, and I had my first program last night.  According to my boss, it was a raging success.  I didn't think it was *quite* as successful, but I figure that my next one will go better, and at least now I have some experience to base things on.  This morning, I went to a co-op with a bunch of other area schools to book some acts for next semester.  That was an interesting experience.  We booked some comedians, a musician, a gameshow or two... oh yeah.  And a mechanical bull.  A guy from SUNY IT was telling us that there was a local guy who owned one, and would run sessions with it.    Actually, the conversation began with someone from Morrisville telling us that there had been one at a recent conference.  The guy from SUNY IT goes, "Speaking of mechanical bulls...God, I never thought I would say that."  The conversation went downhill from there.  It was quite amusing.  I'm really getting to like some of these Student Activities people.  hehehe.  What else has been going on?  Eh.  I had my "pre-employment physical" on Tuesday.  It was the most non-thorough exam I have ever had.  "Is anything wrong with you?  No?  Great.  You're done."  Oh well.  At least there were no problems.  I've been working away on my apartment some more.  That's dragging along.  I swear to God, if I don't finish it up this weekend, I'm just going to throw whatever is left out the window.  In case I haven't said it before, I HATE moving.    Good news though?  There's a really good chance that I'm going to get permission to have a cat.  I'm totally psyched about that.  Katie and I went to the Humane Society this afternoon to see some cats.  They were soooo adorable.  There was one tiger cat that I really liked.  She was about six months old, and she was just such a sweetheart.  I should know next week if that is going to happen or not, so I'll be crossing my fingers until then.    Ahead of me?  I have a weekend of unpacking.  Doesn't that just sound thrilling?