hey everyone,  well, today was a good day.  i got to sleep an hour later.  well actually i still woke up at six, but it sure was nice to be able to stay in bed until 7:15.  it's only a six or seven minute walk from  silom city court, where i now live, to st. joe.  also i'm probably the most familiar with this area so it's nice to know exactly where i am.  bangkok can be extremely confusing at times.  anyway... i substituted again today. it was o.k. i've devised a way to keep the girls in line so i mostly just get to read a book or do work for other classes.  well i thought i'd give everyone an idea of what a day at st. joe is like. the day starts off with the girls lining up outside of their classrooms.  then an announement is made thru a pa system, always in thai so i have no idea what is being said, then the national anthem is sung by all the girls.  St. Joseph's is a large school 5,600, but it is spread out so while the girls from one side are singing the sound travels from the other side creating an echo effect. then the girls say something in thai which i haven't asked but i'm assuming is something like the pledge of allegiance.  next they turn to the a statue of the virgin mary and pray to her, again all in thai.  finally they bow down on one knee and wai. it was extremely weird the first time, but now i'm getting used to it.  then it's off to the classrooms.  which each grade stays in all day unlike in the states where the kids move from classroom to classroom.  at st. joe it's the teachers who trek around from one room to another.  we do have our own homeroom with a desk and file cabinet.  my home room is 4/1 there are 60 kids in each grade but in the elp (english learning program) which is the  side of the school i teach at they break the kids down into groups of 30.  so for each grade you have 1/1 and 1/2 and so on.  anyway... in the thai section, which is much cheaper to attend, all 60 kids are in the classroom at the same time. i don't have anything to do with that section, yet that is, so i'm not sure what it is like.  i can say that instead of having all of their subjects taught in english like the elp girls are they only have  one course in english.  i guess similar to the way most american schools are set up, well except for the class size.  after lunch the kids line up again and the teacher leads them back to their classroom.   oh i almost forgot this; at the beginning of every class all the girls have to stand up and say, "good morning miss jane" then i have to give them permission to sit down.   then at the end they all stand and say, "good-bye and thank you miss jane".  the first time it happened i had no  idea what was going on and the girls ended up having to tell me to give them permission to sit.  however, despite all the differences a school is a school and everyday i see behavior that would be common anywhere in america or perhaps even the world.  such as teenage girls can be real bitches and the kids will do whatever necessary in order to get out of doing work.  well gotta go, jane