Seven Deadly Sins  name (just so we all know): I'll make a list...Spencer, Spence, Indispensible, Patter-daddy, n Svenny!! WRATH  1. Who did you last get angry with? nick...I'm not gonna be in the middle! 2. What is your weapon of choice? sarcasm 3. Would you hit a member of the opposite sex? not like with force 4. How about of the same sex? probly...ppl piss me off 5. Who was the last person who got really angry at you? nick...I sound like paige 6. What is your pet peeve? your n you're....they're different!!! 7. Do you keep grudges, or can you let them go easily? usually let them go...unless I really got screwed over SLOTH  1. What is one thing you're supposed to do daily that you haven't done in a long time? check to make sure I can still hold a book 2. What is the latest you've ever woken up? lol like 2  3. Name a person you've been meaning to contact, but haven't: Eric n andrea...blah all i had to do was ANSWER MY DAMN PHONE...i hope it helped avoid a bad situation though 4. What is the last lame excuse you made? "but I'm so0o0 lazy!" 5. Have you ever watched an infomercial all the way through (one of the long ones...)?  Turbo cooker...I already said that tho 6. When was the last time you got a good workout in? monday...catching the girls! 7. How many times do you usually hit the snooze button? ok I don't hit the snooze button.  People should realize if they turn off their alarm clock and go back to sleep, they can usually sleep longer than if you hit the snooze button. GLUTTONY  1. What is your overpriced yuppie beverage of choice? mt. dew...it's not overpriced tho 2. Meat eater? Yes 3. What is the greatest amount of alcohol you've had in one sitting/outing/event? Haven't been to an AA meeting for a while... 4. Have you ever used a professional diet company? yeah lemme tell ya 5. Do you have an issue with your weight? umm not really...I could be more in shape tho 6. Do you prefer sweets, salty foods, or spicy foods? all of the above 7. Have you ever looked at a small house pet or child and thought, "LUNCH"? ummm what kind of sick ass people made this survey LUST  1. How many people have you seen naked (not counting movies/family)?  3?? I think.  Waist up tho...hehe 2. How many people have seen YOU naked (not counting physicians/family)? gotta go with 0!! 3. Have you ever caught yourself staring at the chest/crotch of a member of your gender of choice during a normal conversation? They should reword the question...has someone else ever caught you.... 4. Have you "done it"? nope nope 5. What is your favorite body part on a person of your gender of choice?? probably face...hair included 6. Have you ever been propositioned by a prostitute? yes constantly they knock on the door all the time. 7. Have you ever had to get tested for an STD or pregnancy? yeah, the latter...all clear tho!!! lol j/k j/k  GREED  1. How many credit cards do you own? zip  2. What's your guilty pleasure store? gotta go with spencer's...it's hilarios! 3. If you had $1 million, what would you do with it? DODGE FREAKING INTREPID. Every color.  Twice.  Then I'D be the one picking paige up in it. 4. Would you rather be rich, or famous? rich...at least you can get privacy 5. Would you accept a boring job if it meant you would make megabucks?  no...I wanna do something I want to do, even if I don't make lots of money...lawyers DO make a reasonable amount tho... 6. Have you ever stolen anything? i don't think so...probly when I was little though 7. How many MP3s are on your hard drive? like 5 probly. PRIDE  1. What's one thing you have done that you're most proud of? blah ok I gotta list a couple here...Spell Bowl State Finals Perfect Score...Two 1sts at drum competitions, and made snare captain 2. What's one thing you have done that your parents are most proud of? Grades probably 3. What thing would you like to accomplish in your life? being a sucessful lawyer and making sure I'm happy doing it. 4. Have you ever entered a contest of skill, knowing you were of much higher skill than all the other competitors? ummm drum stuff probly...you compete with yourself tho, but warming up I knew I was better than like 3/4 of the ppl there. 5. Have you ever cheated on something to get a higher score? well duh 6. What did you do today that you're proud of? lol woke up before 3 ENVY  1. What item (or person) of your friends' would you most want to have for your own?  Item: paige gimme the car! Person: umm I dunno really 2. Who would you want to go on "Trading Spaces" with? any of the girls 3. If you could be anyone else in the world, who would you be? gotta steal kev's answer 4. Have you ever been cheated on? nope nope 5. Have you ever wished you had a physical feature different from your own?  yeah of course! 6. What inborn trait do you see in others that you wish you had for yourself? more patience...I like Josh's answer with humility...I DO try to down play stuff tho 7. Do you wish you'd come up with this survey? yeah that'd be really cool to sit around and be like hmmm let's make up questions for random people to answer.  That's not creepy 8. Finally, what is your favorite deadly sin? Pride...it's all about self-esteem!