We boarded our plane yesterday at 15:45 exactly.  Gem was rather obsessed with our seating arrangments becoming unduly perturbed by the woman in front who had managed to take up a whole 3 seats...yes, says Gemma, a whole  three .  It was very craftily done, she sat on the ailse seat and proceeded to place her belongings on the other two and scowled viciously at anyone who came within a two metre radius of her.    The flight was calm.  I managed to stop the circulation to Gemma's left hand on teh take off, but once she had claimed the aforementioned hand back into her possession, we both relaxed and it took only 2 hours 20 mins or so to get here.  The hostel is located in a less than salubriuous location, right next to the train station with some rather unsightly and uncouth individuals who patrol the area, looking slightly vagrantish.  That said, it is rather cheap and as we are literally living on a shoe string (in fact have yet to check if Gem has got one of these spare in her 'just in case' rucksack)   "Sadly i don't have!!" lil' G.   The hostel is clean and friendly.  The rooms lack air con so we cooked last night.  This was not helped by the fact that the American closest to the window  closed  the bloomin' thing due to the noise of the street.  Gem nearly throttled the man on the bunk bed next to her b/c he snored A LOT.  His bunk mate also slept in offensively small pants...We're talking all out thong here... the bastard has stolen my shoe string, lil G.        Today we were up bright and early to enjoy the rain.  Yes folks, it rained, it rained and then it rained some more....  Gem cleverly suggested going back for our rain coats, whereupon the vision of my splash jacket hung casually over my chair  at home  came into my mind.  I mean, you should my size of my rucksack and i decided against putting the rain coat in.  So, we got  wet .    We found a local church and paid a whole euro to light 2 candles and prayed for sun.  We struck a good balance with the almighty when we emerged from the aforementioned place of worship to find the rain had ceased.  Evidently, even God has a limit on how much he will give for one Euro as after an hour, the heavens opened yet again.  And they haven't stopped since.  Hence, this is why we are writing a rather long entry....because we're bored.  We're sat in the hostel, playing cards, playing on the internet and generally wasting time.  We'll keep you posted.