Nothing like a good night's sleep.  Last night I had the best night of sleep in my life, at least it seems like it.  I'm still not all caught up, but another sound night and I should be good to go for the weekend.  Tomorrow is payday so that's always good.  Ok I'll blog a bit about Saipan.  The story of the Saipan Givers Our journey started at Dong-Daegu bus station on Sunday where Tim and I caught the bus up to the Airport.  The plane didn't leave until a little after eight so we caught the bus at one.  This was really good b/c that meant I got to go out on Saturday night.  But of course I stayed out way too late and was dragging ass on Sunday.  But I sucked it up and we were on our way.  The ride to the airport seemed a little long and was a bit over 4 hours.  We hit some pretty ugly traffic.  But as always we were dropped of right at the airport in perfect time to meet the guys who had our tickets and other goodies.  This being taken care of we decided to get some Sparro.  Not as good as in the states me thinks, but    for Korea it is was awesome.   I really love Inchon airport.  It is loaded with all kinds of cool stuff to do while you wait.  So we ate and then made it through security and to our gate.  Got the money changed and before we knew it we were on the plane.  Before I go any farther, why are women always dressed up so well when the go to the airport?  Or is it that only hot girls go to the airport.  Either way whenever I'm at the airport there seem to be a great deal of good looking women.  Tim agrees with  me on this.  I just couldn't be bothered trying to look good when I have a 4 hour bus ride followed by a 4 hour flight.  But I guess that is the difference between men and women.   So the flight out was cool.  I love Korean airlines b/c they only let hot girls work as flight attendants.  None of this equal opportunity crap.  If you're hot and can speak enough English then you're in.  Or so it seems.   On the way there we got to eat and I decided to go with the seafood stir fry.  Bad idea, this would prove to haunt me later.   As soon as we stepped out of the airport it was obvious we were in Saipan.  The weather was great, much like Georgia.  Warm and humid with a cool breeze.  We met up with our tour guide who was seemed really awesome.  There were only 6 other people on our tour.  An elderly couple and a family of four.  Unlike Shanghai we didn't get to know them and actually barely saw them at all.  So we piled in the bus and rolled to the hotel.  Our hotel turned out to be the Saipan Grand.  Great hotel.  Not the most modern or blinging, but right on the beach and had plenty of English tv stations for us to flip through.  I'm not sure how much or well I slept, I was pretty excited.   It's Monday morning now and the stomach is feeling a little funny.  Not bad exactly, but funny.  We head down to get some breakfast but  after sipping a glass of water I decided it's best to take it easy and I head back upstairs to chill for a bit and lay down again.  Remember the seafood on the plane?  Yeah I think that it was involved.  At this point I was just hoping I wasn't going to get seriously sick or anything.  So we all got together around 10 and went sight seeing.  Our tour guide was a Korean guy who moved to Saipan 10 years ago.  He was so dark you could barely tell he was Korean.  His English wasn't perfect but it was pretty darn good.  He also had a pretty rad haircut.  So we piled back into the van and too off to see the sights.  First stop was the Korean peace memorial.  Didn't think we'd see that since we were on a Korean tour.  Nothing too special there so we moved on.  Next was the Banzi and Suicide cliffs.  This was a little more impressive.  I have to say the water in Saipan is just the most amazing ever.  From there it was onto the last command bunker of the Japanese.   Very cool.  It's always really interesting to see stuff that has true historical meaning.  We then kicked it over to a place called bird island.  At this point it became really obvious we were in tropical paradise.  These are pretty much all the sights really worth seeing so after we headed to duty free shopping.  This is where stuff got interesting.  Our tour guide apparently takes care of more then one group at the same time.  So another group he was looking after was a group of four Korean girls.  So he asked Tim and I if we'd skip out on DFS and head with him to meet these girls for lunch.  Duh, of course.  So we went and picked them up from the hotel.  I have to say at first it was a little awkward b/c it almost all feel on me to make conversation.  Of course they were all shy and shit like that.  One of them was married and had a son.  She turned out to be pretty cool as she was the least afraid to talk.  She really didn't speak any English but I could understand most of what she was saying and at least she tried.  The restaurant we ate at had a country western theme and it was pretty funny.  I went with the Spaghetti.  I was a little worried about the stomach but hadn't been too bad so I gave it a shot.  Turns out I was able to eat and keep it down so no worries.  We then dropped them off at a spa and went back to our hotel to kick it.  From here on out we had free time.  We just laid on the beach and did nothing.  I tried to nap but it was just a little too windy.  So finally I went to my room and grabbed a cat nap.  Tim read away in his book.  We skipped out on the optional dinner which was insanely expensive which meant we were on our own.  Lucky for us there was Church's chicken right down the road.  How cool is that?  So we made a pit stop for fried chicken and it was really darn good.  I got the 2 which came with two sides.  I'm the kind of guy who likes a lot of fries.  So I asked for both sides as fries.  I figured they would be pretty small servings and that 2 would be just right.   I couldn't even begin to imagine how many fries this girl put on my plate.  Thank  goodness I was with Tim, he was nice enough to give me a hand.  We also got to watch Sponge Bob on the tv here.  After this we went for a little walk and checked out a shopping center.  We got some much needed sun cream and I picked up a 3 muskateers.  On I think that's all for now I'll fill in the rest later.