Chief of Staff of the DNC Leah D. spoke to us earlier today. She was insightful into the inner working of the bureaucrats on Capital Hill. She has a vast array of knowledge that only a true Hill insider could give. She also had a very idealistic outlook on government.  It is interesting to see how laws passed by the legislative branch are enacted and interpreted by the Executive Branch. The Executive Branch and its bureaucracy help to implement the laws and procedures. Sometimes a law that was begun to help can have an adverse effect on individuals.  It is tough not to forget whom you are working for when you are in the White House. You are working for the people of the United States and not just for a select few.  Some advice she gave to the crowd included. Learn how to do everything in the office this will make you indispensable. Always get in the way. Change happens when you get in the way.  Reg Weaver. The President of the National Education Association was by far the best speaker that I have seen in my entire time here at the Washington Center. He was very raw and very energetic. He engaged the crowd like no one I had ever seen before. If there were a style of speaker that I would love to emulate, it would be this mans.  He began his speech with a story about a mouse. The moral was that even if something doesn’t seem to impact you, it sure could.  This man gives us two sound bites of the day. One of these is an inspirational little ditty; the other is an indictment of the entire education system under the current White House administration.  “If the mind can conceive it, and you can believe it, you can achieve it”  “The White House wants you to believe anyone can be a teacher as long as they have a Bachelor’s degree. That’s like saying anyone can be a doctor as long as they like to cut.”  I truly wish that I would have more of an opportunity to see this man in action.  Amy Walter then spoke about different things about campaigns. Some of the advice that she gave to the members in attendance was, don’t go to Washington right away. Gain contacts and experience elsewhere so that you will become more valuable in DC.  She gave insight into the apparent polarization of the United States as a whole. In most of the state legislatures across the US there is almost a 50-50 split among partisans. The GOP also has an eleven-seat majority in the US House of Representatives and two-seat majority in the US Senate.  As of this moment in the polls running for the presidency of the United States, Kerry has a safe margin of 165 electoral votes while Bush has a margin of 182. This means that the battleground states have a total of 120 votes to be won by both men.  When a tie is not a tie. The polls in most battleground states and collectively around the United States show Bush in a virtual tie with Senator Kerry. No incumbent President has ever had less then a 50% job approval rating after June of an election year and won re-election. The last person to do this was Harry S. Truman in 1948.  I was able to gain credentials into the Democratic National Convention this evening. I was scheduled to attend the bloggers event in Charlestown as part of my fieldwork detail, but this was an opportunity that I could not pass up. I initially only had credentials to get into the building, and not reach the floor. I was able to find a delegate from my home state of Illinois that I knew. Her name is Sheila Miller, and she was kind enough to lend me her floor credentials for a few minutes so that I could get into the convention hall itself.  The sight was truly enlightening. I have never been apart of anything like it. I will make sure to try to run and become a delegate next time an election comes around. It was truly powerful to be apart of something that is bigger than yourself. It was an amazing experience and although I was only there on the convention floor for a few minutes, it truly inspired me.  At the hall I was able to get pictures of many different Democratic icons of our time. I took a picture of Reverend Al Sharpton, Reverend Jesse Jackson, Representative Dennis Kuccinich (D-OH), and Senator Joe Liebermann (D-CT). I was also able to see Jerry Springer, Al Franken, and Representative Bobby Rush (D-IL). I also took pictures with Art Alexakis of the band Everclear, and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan.