Today, I have to be a decision maker. This frightens me a little because typically I am a very indecisive person when it comes to minor choices. Major choices I'm only slightly better with. Mostly, I like to avoid making the decision until the last possible second, or until the party that is vested in the event with me flips out and forces me to choose. This is not to say that I don't have a strong opinion about things. I think it just highlights my incessant need to be a procrastinator. However, today, I have no option to do so.  A little run down on Rolla, MO. First of all, it has a population of about 14,000 people. This includes the fact that Rolla is a college town. If there weren't a college here, I would estimate the population to be roughly that of my home town, Cedar Hill, at about 6-7,000. It's quaint. But when you take the quaintness and add into it the fact that UMR has reduced the number of credit hours required to move off campus to 45, you have a problem. I moved to Rolla about a week ago. I've been to two realty places in the last weekend. The prognosis is not good.  Investment Realty has 3 apartments left in all of Rolla. One is a total shit hole, and I wouldn't wish living there upon a snake. And I hate snakies, so go figure how much I like the idea of a person living there. It was really dark, very super small, and had the type of people living around it that remind you of drug dealers or mental patients. Plus, there was the lingering smell of food in the apartment and outside of the buildings. The kind of food that smells old and rotten. The kind of food that makes me think of nursing homes. The kind of food that people shouldn't force other people to smell, let alone, eat. I immediately thought, "Oh, hell no." Did I mention that the "driveway" to get to it is really nothing more than an alley between the bowling alley and McDonalds? Yeah....not going to live there.  The second apartment and third apartment are very close to each other in make/model. They were nice. One was set up much like a duplex would be except it only had one floor. It was spacey for a 1 bedroom. It was nice. I liked how it was bright and had vaulted ceilings. The only thing that made me cringe was that the back door was in the bedroom. Made me a little nervous. The second place was much like the first, except it was upstairs and had no vaulted ceilings. I liked that there was no back door, especially in the bedroom, and it had a nice view of a lake with ducks on it. I liked that a lot. I wouldn't mind either of them.  Here's the dum dum dum part. Investment Realty is leasing these places starting in September, however, they are requiring the deposit immediately. They said that they expected the two to go within a day or so. Additionally, they said that they couldn't hold it for me even if I thought I would maybe take it. Either I put money down then or they rented it out to someone else. Made me sad.  I also called Century 21 Realty. They have one and only one apartment left in Rolla. It's a 1 bedroom, $250 a month, NO pets. Once again, money now or no move in.  There's only one other realty company in town. This poses some serious problems, or so I believe.  I thought maybe the "moving expenses" that UMR offered to pay would include a deposit on an apartment. Sounds like a moving expense to me! Nope. It only covers mileage and gas and a U-Haul. No meals. No deposit on an apartment. If you don't have the cash, too bad. Sucks. I'm a poor, poor girl right now. I think I have about $75 to my name. I was living all summer off the fruits of my springtime labor--i.e. Substitute Teaching--and that started to run out long before I actually had this job. I get paid once a month since I am salaried, so the 31st can't get here fast enough.  Here's the light in the dark with a little shadow thrown in. There is an apartment that is available that I'm almost 95% sure that I can have. R.'s parents own two houses down here. One, he lives in with two roomies. The other is split into an upstairs apartment and a basement apartment. Guess which one is open? The basement, of course. That is the "little shadow" part. It's very spacious--a full basement turned into an apartment--so that's great. A little too warm for me since the people upstairs don't like to keep it quite as cool as I'd like, but I can invest in fans. I was totally against it at first because it wasn't my dream apartment. However, I have to be practical. It has a lot of space, and Stitch can come live with me comfortably without extra rent. R.'s parents said I can paint it however I want to paint it, which allows me to dream about Trading Spaces-esque paint techniques and color palates. It'd be easy to move my stuff in since it's on a ground level. I could do a lot with hologen lamps and candles for mood. And, above all, it's cheaper than what I would get elsewhere because they know me. So, I have to make my decision tonight or else R.'s parents are putting it up on the market this Wednesday and I'll have no place to live.  It's a little stressful to be looking for housing in a college town at the beginning of their school year when you have no money. I've been freaking out, but, on the flip side, if I can get the apartment for September, I can spend the next few weeks/weekends over there painting and scrubbing and making it look the way I want it to look. That would be nice. I'm a little more relaxed. I'll be even more relaxed if they say "Yes!," and I know that it is mine.  Wish me luck.