I've been thinking lately about life and why things happen the way they do. It's all for a reason I know, but wouldn't it be nicer if could see the layout or plans ahead of us? I guess then God wouldn't have a way to have us completely trust him. Maybe that's why we can't know right away, it's cool though when we do see why things had to be the way they were to see what God had ahead and to see how going that direction helped us grow or learn something.  I am praying that our youth will step up a notch in there walks with God. I mean I understand that the teenage years are years with a lot of different changes, pressures, etc. But what an opportunity to really grow in a deep relationship with Jesus now. The youth are the ones who are going to reach different generations, how cool is that? I just pray that God will use me to help them, even more so. I love our kids so much, they mean the world to me. Maybe I should let them know that more, maybe I can tell them that when they step up and pray that I almost want to cry because it's so neat to see.  I think it is good to let them know that they are special in their unique ways, whether it is being on the worship team, or helping out with the kids for mops, being the janitor, or someone who reaches out to the new kids, they are all awesome when they use there gifts! I guess we as the "leaders" need to step up and find ways to let the kids know that we are so proud of them for just showing up to youth. Thanks Lord for the kids you have given us. Thank you that you are bringing in the ones you have into our lives. I pray that you will be with each and every one of them, tend to all their needs. Let them know that you love them so much and you will do anything to have a love relationship with them. Use us leaders to do your will, not ours but yours. Help us build a nation of prayer warriors, worshippers, and lovers of you.  I have to write my favorite worship song every time I hear or sing it I just want to cry, we are so unworthy, so undeserving, but God still loves us. It's Faithful Father: Father, I can't explain this kind of love This kind of grace I know I still break your heart and yet you run to welcome me  This is my song of praise to you For who you are and all that you do From the moment my life began You have been faithful  Father, I love the way you hold me close and say my name I know when my life is through my heart will find it's home in you This is my song of praise to you For who you are and all that you do From the moment my life began You have been faithful  You will be faithful, forever faithful, my Father