I just realized. . . in twelve days, I'm going back to everything that basically makes my life. I'm trying to prolong living. I realized that I don't really do anything other than school. All I've done is read, babysit, see a few movies, and gotten together with my friends three or four times. Going back to school signifies returning to my life, and some less-than-appreciated components of it (a.k.a. a certain someone).  He's a good kid. . . one of the smartest ones I know, but he just does  stupid , stupid things sometimes. He spends more time trying to "fit in" than he needs to. He has started way to many fights (with one specific person, I may add) to get in with his friends and that annoys me. He's so smart, but he just does these things that good kids don't, all in the name to be funny. It wouldn't bother me so much if A) he wasn't my friend or B) he wasn't a good kid. He acts  so  immature sometimes, it really bothers me. Like ripping up the whole entire cover of a bus seat to throw them at other people. . . that's not something I thinks someone like him should do. Call me biased or stuck-up, but that's just how I feel. He could be doing so many other things than being the way he acts sometimes.  Another thing that bothers me is his cockiness. He's always like, "I could build a fingerprint scanner if I wanted to." And the only thing I've seen him do with electrical things was a little kiddie experiment set. He thinks he's a master engineer at age fourteen, a seasoned pro that can do anything, and that bothers me. It's the same thing with sports and music. I remember that at the beginning of seventh grade that he told me how he was one of the best trumpet players, and he turns out to be second trumpet. In sports, he thinks he is amazing at soccer and baseball, and blames other stuff on everyone else. Never once does the selective hand of blame fall upon his little head. He just thinks he is the best (not so extremely though. He isn't as bad as some other people I know of).  If you ever read this (part of me wishes you will, another part wishes you won't) just think about you are going to do or say, and examine the repercussions it could create. You don't "need" to say mean things about your recent ex-girlfriend in order to "fit in."If you want to be thought of as a gentleman or good boyfriend material (whatever that is), you should realize that saying horribly mean things like that (even if you apologize and they accept it) should  never  happen, especially if you want to pursue a friendly relationship with that person. And don't use the "fitting in" excuse anymore, it's cheesy. I'm surprised she believed that. . . saying such nasty things so your friends will like you. Not to sound cliche, but if they make you feel that way, they aren't your friends. And remember that people don't just forget things overnight. . . sometimes things you say can cause big-time trouble and you should always try to uphold your honor, no matter what. Once your honor, decency, or dignity is gone, you have nothing else to build a life on.  Wow, that was a lot of venting. . . I guess it just built up a lot. I hope that person will clean up their act a little. You're going to be in high school. . . we all need to mature a litle (some more than others. . .  ahem, ahem ).  As always, More later,  John   "Time and time again we fall in to the depths of who we are,   But you can't keep running away from what you're trying to find."