Ahh..Feelin much better already. Still gotta blow my nose every now and then, but im ok.. Anyways..today is another project day. Go to shyan place again.. sit around.. and as always..another group member din come. Says that he's got things to do. very bz. got sej proj to pass up. lotsa hw. Talkin as if we aint got the same amount. In fact more.. Sigh..Excuses... Supposed to make a car this time. A car that is able to propel the furthest among all the groups. Problem now is... WE STILL HAVENT COME UP WITH A CAR!!! Shit.   Anyways.. Elections tomorrow. Four candidates. Adi, Teck Eng, Teck Kuan and Praveen. Well, im Teck Kuan's campaign manager and i really think he can do stuff. Well this is the time when im gona be really down to earth because im gona make some comments on every one of them. Adi.. Well, He's a friendly guy, humble, someone who really has got his supporters and was nominated cos  some jokers from the prefect board think it would be challenging and fun. Means that he is not nominated for his capability to be head, leadership skills or anybody thinkin he is the right man for the job. He's still Form 3. He's got lots more time to gain his experience. So, take it easy.   Teck Eng. He's da big twin. He was a leader for his team at camp, Gangstas! (I was part of the team), has some leadership qualities, quite humble although not all the time and has a look of a leader. However, he can be real cocky at times, playful, very friendly, clicks well with everyone, but sorry to say..i don see him as a head prefect. NO offense..  Praveen.. another elected friend of mine. He's da macho man! Drives girls crazy with his abs, olahragawan btw, has good communication with people and has a stronghold of supporters ranging from form 1 to form 5! Nevertheless, he is another playful one, not really serious at everything he does although he can be, but i do not see any leadership qualities in him. But he definitely has got a huge bunch of supporters.  Teck Kuan. NOw He's the right man for the job. Well known for his sense of responsibility, commonly known as 'Future-Head-Prefect' among his friends, he is the person with the right capabilities and suit the position head prefect best. And also like wat is posted outside his class.. Vote For TK = Vote For Amy . Shows that she's all for him. and not to mention his nice ass which drives girls crazy! Despite of these values, he's got an ego that can swell and he doesnt realize it. Can be too responsible if he gets overexcited and he's a blur guy. BUt he is a guy of a rational mind and therefore.. VOTE FOR TECK KUAN!!!! i gotta say this.. im da campaign manager..but watever i said is true..  Anyways, it was a pretty bz week. sticking up the posters and planning the speeches as well as promoting Tk. think it was kinda fun. especially when we stick the posters in the girls toilet.. in the cubicles as well! LOL!!! we thought it would be kinda funny to jus stick their faces there so that when the girls enter the toilet, they would see their faces. hahaha.  We had our last round of campaigning today. was quite a bz one. missed quite some classes. Teck Eng had announced his full support for Praveen today. This done so that people voting for teck eng would vote for praveen instead as Teck Eng will be voting for him. This is probably because that he thinks Praveen is the better man for the job. Well.. Jus the matter of opinions.. So supporters of TEck Eng, Vote For Praveen!  I am glad that those mindless fools who messed around with the nominations had realized that they made a mistake. Because if they dont, they are either blind or stupid. I guess thats all for now... VOTE FOR TECK KUAN!!! Fook out...