What happened Saturday night Seoul?  I was there but sure as hell don't know.  There was drinking and drama.  Luckily I don't think I was involved in the later.  At least that is my impression to this point.  There was mission that was failed by all involved but most horribly so by myself.  Hoping to figure out the details later I'll just go with  what I know, which is first a foremost, that there are a lot of damn foreigners in Itaewon.  We went to Gecko's and two other clubs and there were just whities everywhere.  The last club was particularly awesome.  Unfortunately my left contact was fucking killing me and of course I left my case at the hotel.  So today my eye looks bloodshot and pretty much just nasty.  In an unexpected but positive turn of events Caleb, Gabe and Lois (aka Lo-Lo, K-Lo) flew up from Daegu to partake in the Seoul nightlife.   The day went well also.  Asma, Brian and I went around and visited some palaces and temples.  This was good in that I feel I've really seen a great deal of Seoul.  There are things I'd still like to do but nothing pressing.  I'd just like to hang out and soak it all up now.  I'm going to complain about how Koreans seem to measure height.  If you've heard this story feel free to skip ahead.  As I mentioned I went to the 63 building yesterday.  They call it the "63 building" b/c it has 63 floors.  Well not really.  It has 60 floors and 3 basements.  What kinda crap is that?  Seoul tower is also not the third largest tower in the world by a long shot.  It is simply the third highest above sea level b/c it is sitting on mountain.  Koreans, go figure.  Back to Seoul happenings.  We had a really nice buffet dinner on Saturday night at Jeff's hotel.  Which I'll say that was a pretty posh spot.  While the dinner was great we paid out the ass for it to the tune of about $34.  Apart from the company and food we had a nice view of City hall and the center of town, if Seoul really has a center.   Now just some random thoughts.  Gumi James needs to learn to set his phone to vibrate b/c he never picks it up.  That or he should give the phone to someone.  Becky seemed to have a good time in China.  I told her she would have fun and she did so that makes me feel all well.  The place we stayed was pretty clean and had the best porn I've ever seen in Yagwon.  Plans are to eat WABA for dinner at 10:00 Friday for Caleb and my birthdays.  Why do Koreans remember your b-day so well.  I've had so many Koreans I knew from last year remember my b-day to the day and ask me about it.  Crazy.   Nothing to write about today really.  I just came back to Daegu.  I saw Jumi for the first time in a long time for those of you who know here.  I wonder if she still eats entire birds while out on the town.  I think I'm losing focus now.  I'm tired from two nights of sleeping on the floor.  I'm sure I have more to say but I'll do that later.  Time to see what everyone else is writing about.