i don't know what category to put this in.  so.  yeah.  Me and my roommate decide to go clubbing.  yeah, i know what you're thinking.  i'm not into that scene at all, but i though it's be fun to check out the subculture and to make an ass out of myself in the process. I dressed in my leisure suit.  we  pay $15 and get into this club on Sunset after crazy traffic and waiting in line forever. i order a Long Island Ice Tea.  I'm already disillusioned at this whole place and on top of it all, the drink was another freaking fifteen bucks!  As i'm fuming about how much I paid for the stupid drink, cursing to myself, and not watching where i'm going, i bump into THIS woman:   http://www.imdb.com/EGallery?source=granitz&group=0831-hig&photo=Events/0831-hig/wagnerna.tas&path=pgallery&path_key=Gregson%20Wagner,%20Natasha  ...and spill my drink all over her.  You may remember her for High Fidelity.  I sure did.  She's the one I had a crush on.  She's most perfect woman in the world.  Ok. I know it's just a movie, but i couldn't help myself. I just stood there staring at her, unable to say anything.  She had this shocked expression on her face, obviously. I began to apologize and kind of hyper-ventilate.  And then, she burst into laughter.  I took that as a good sign. "Your face is ALL red," she said. "That's what happens when I make a complete ass out of myself in front of a beautiful woman." "Now I'm the now blushing," she said. "You're cute." Stop.  Yes.  She said 'You're cute.' Yep. I apologized a hundred more times, then sensing that some sort of ice had been broken, I stuck my hand and introduced myself. "I'm Tasha," she said. "Is that your real name, or just the name you give to guys in leisure suits that pour their Long Island Ice teas all over you?"  yeah.  huh?  smooth?  i'm da man. She laughed. "it's my real name." Since things were rolling along, I tried to test the waters. "So, Yeah, I mean, you're boyfriend is probably going to beat me up when he sees this, huh?." good one, huh?  yeah, I thought so. She smiled a little and said, "I don't have a boyfriend." "Well, I'll be your sugardaddy then," I said.  No.  I did not say that.  that's would be retarded. I was pretty mystified to actually be talking to this incredably hot woman. This is when i realized that in addition to my leisure suit, i was wearing a bright orange shirt unbuttoned to show a healthy dose of my chest hair, yes.  she was still talking to me.  this woman is amazing. Then to my own amazement, i said, "hey, let me buy you a drink." "you're not going to throw it on me are you?" oh, man, she's amazing  i gotta go.  to be continued