Well one half of the mystery commenters showed themselves.  Shiny turned out to be Caleb just having some fun at my expense.  But no hard feelings on this end.  The more I think about it I think "abouthannae" might actually be Hannae.  I did give her the address to my page a long time ago.  I wouldn't surprize me if she still read it.   I just ate a sub par pork cutlet.  It was ok and filling but nothing more.  I have to say it tasted kind of bland.  Today is Halloween and that means all kinds of Halloween craziness at school.  I'm going to meet Caleb after work and get some food.  The I should be meet up with everyone at The Commune and then roll from there.  I'm going to state I don't want to spend Halloween just hanging out in The Commune.  It is a cool place and all but we need something a little more high octane tonight.  I'm curious to see who will dress up and what everyone will be. Ok so now I get to share a crazy story about yesterday.  So if you are a regular of my blog then maybe you remember the oversexed kid I have in one of my classes.  Well yesterday he kept up with his sex related topics.  If you are squeamish you might not want to read on.  Ok so yesterday he felt the need to talk about masturbating.  He taught me the Korean word for masturbation too.  Now of course he didn't know the word "masturbation" so in order to communicate to me he had to do the typical gesture with this hand around the crotch area.  As if that wasn't enough he then attempted to show that when you masturbate you ejaculate.  This was a little scary.  When I thought it couldn't any worse it was taken to another level.  So now that he had the male system covered he went on to explain what females do.  Keep in mind this kid is probably 13 and no older then 14.  He said first they drink beer and then use a beer bottle.  The animated explanations he supplied with this were as disturbing as they were funny.  So girls who masturbate with beer bottles (and you know who you are) you secret is out and now little Korean kids know.   No Andrew has a child on roughly the same level as this kid.  In that he knows way too much at an early age.  Now his kid watches OCN late night which explains a lot.  There is some racy stuff on late at night.  Now what I don't understand is how my student knows all this shit.  He says he doesn't watch it on tv and stuff.  I'm thinking he has an older brother.  He is always telling sex stories to the other kids when it is free time.   Work did go well yesterday and I'm hoping for an easy day today.  I can't wait to get downtown and see what's going on.