dude, so i'm way excited about next month... why?  i'm going to have the road trip to end all road trips for awhile. =P  given, it's about 1200 miles worth of driving for me to go from school here in new jersey to my parents' house in memphis, TN already... BUT, my current return trip is gonna take over 2250 miles!  current lineup?  jan 8: drive from memphis, TN to st. louis, MO, have lunch with dave beagley, then drive from st. louis, MO to manteno, IL, spend night w/ g-ma pudwell jan 9: hanging out w/ grandma pudwell jan 10: drive from manteno, IL to madison, WI, track down and pick up scott there, drive from madison, WI to colleen's house near minneapolis, MN, spend night @ colleen's jan 11: hanging out @ colleen's jan 12: drive from minneapolis, MN, back through chicago, IL, to valparaiso, IN, (with scott and colleen!), spend the night on campus and hanging out w/ all the super cool people there jan 13: in valpo, attack math colloquium, morning chapel, and other fun stuff jan 14: drive from valparaiso, IN to pittsburgh, PA (turnpikes for 3 states in a row -- woo hah), spend night at aunt priscilla's house jan 15: around and about pittsburgh -- hopefully see grandma schumann/fischer up in cabot and track down my cousin heather, and maybe some downtown sightseeing for the people =P jan 16: drive from pittsburgh, PA to piscataway, NJ  think you should be on this schedule?  let me know =P  heh.  i don't think i can do too many more detours than i already am... i've managed to double the length of my return trip already -- this is gonna be great! =)  now if only i were better on focusing on right now!  today's been pretty productive but not enough... i had 3 classes... in between ran some errands and stuff and then the afternoon/evening just escaped.  my last class got out around 4:15.  then scott and i went to starbucks to study until 7ish... scott fell asleep and i worked hard on lie algebras, but yeah, whatever... went back to campus and picked up eric so we could go to the wind ensemble concert at 8... when that got out we went and bought tickets for everyone to see the final lord of the rings movie for next week (a crew of 9 of us going -- awesome!)... after that, i ended up going grocery shopping w/ eric and trevor and then got home at 11 something... since then i've been organizing, and not so much homeworking... need to write up what i did earlier and work like non-stop tomorrow... for now, i think it's time to crash.  to all a good night =P