So I have been a little sick these last 2 days. It’s what we call Pharaoh’s Revenge. It is generally the welcome to Egypt you get after the first two maybe three weeks. It soon passes, but sometimes it is necessary to take products like Antinal to relieve the problem. I consider it to be powdered (or liquid) concrete for your tummy. It works like a charm!  I was too sick to go out to go out to the pub or go to hunt for the Mountain Dew Fugitive. I have to tell you about him. It’s soooooooo exciting! (No hint of sarcasm) The only quality radio station in Cairo is 104.2 Nile Fm. They play quality tracks (but not enough rock for my liking) and they came up with this idea of a fugitive running around Cairo with cash. He telephones in clues in a strange voice throughout the day. You have to listen to these clues to determine where he is, what the password is and what he is wearing. My friend gave the station the idea that anybody searching for him must also be carrying a can of Mountain Dew. So that is the new policy; Go Her!!! Anyway, he starts wandering around with 1000LE  in his pocket (roughly equivalent to £100) and each day he is not caught, it goes up by an additional 1000LE. We first became interested when the total was 16000LE (or £1600). But now it is the holidays, we have time to hunt for this man. So, far this vacation, we have looked for him twice. We have our handy kit of mini radio, shopping guide, restaurant guide, Cairo guide and map book. It’s all ready in a bag so that we can just grab the kit and go. Hey it fills the day before going out to socialise with important people, ambassadors and such like!  Oh! I need a massage. Must go and relax in my haven of Maadi. It’s quite early and to be honest, I have actually just woken up (rather than just going to bed!) Maybe I’ll go for breakfast somewhere. You can’t get good quality pork here so bacon is difficult to come by. You generally find beef bacon which is no comparison to Tesco’s Maple Cured Bacon. When I go back to England, I’m gonna eat bacon every day. It’s amazing what you miss when you move away! Anyway, have a nice day!