The other day a group of us grad students were meeting to help another fellow grad student edit one of her papers for publication. This is the sort of things grad students do in their free time, as we are all hopelessly dorky. In any case someone made the comment that she should change her wording to make it sound less like she knew everything there was to know, since she wasn't God. Then I said, "Wouldn't it be funny to add Jesus as your coathor?" I can picture now, my name, my advisors name, and then "Jesus H. Christ." He would be third author of course. As funny as it was, I started to think that actually yeah, I can imagine someone really adding Jesus as their co-author. I mean, the guidelines for authorship in scientific papers is that the author has made a "substantial contribution" to the work. People will add their advisors as junior authors on papers "just because," even if the advisor really didn't do anything on the project. And really, when you think about it, isn't Jesus the ultimate advisor? At least if you believe in that sort of thing.  Which I don't. In fact, I think Jesus is about the funniest thing out there. I'm not sure how I developed my anti-Jesus attitude. I suppose it has something to do with attending an "elite" liberal arts college. People are pretty anti-Jesus in academia. However, its not just that I'm not a fan of religion. I do think that religion has real merit, and I can definitely see the psychological reasons why people follow religions. I try to be respectful of other people's religious beliefs even if I don't agree. At least respectful to their face. When my roommate goes to her weekly fellowship meetings I do disrespectfully refer to them as her "Jesus Meetings," but I am sure never to do that when she is in earshot. I don't think Jesus is funny, as I know others do, because there are so many people out there that blindly follow him (er Him) without any real reason. Being cynical about religion is one thing, but for me there's just something that has become intrinsically comical about the ol' JC. You just say the word "Jesus" around me and I crack a smile. I own a Jesus porcelin night-light. I used to own a "I love Jesus" air freshiner, and dubbed my old beater car (even older and beatier than my current ride) the "Jesus Mobile." When my friends from home send me Jesus related forwards (being from Ohio and never attending college, they tend to be big fans of Jesus related emails) I laugh and delete them, or occassionally forward them to other anti-Jesus people for the comic value. I'm not sure how Jesus has become a comedy device in my life, but he has and I suppose if you are a Christian then, yeah that's kind of sad. It does make me sort of sad that a religious icon has become just as funny to me as poop.   Maybe I will make Jesus my coauthor on my next paper, just to make up for all my previous anti-Jesus ways. If it turns out that the millions (or BILLIONS) of Christians are right, Jesus might appreciate this gesture and not send me to the firery furnaces of hell. He really hasn't written much in awhile,  I think he might like to improve his publication record.  urlLink  postCount('108139884523736470');