I woke up this morning feeling a little bit guilty about my last post.  Sometimes I feel like I'm anti-mom, and I'm really not.  I really love my mom like a good son does (but you can ask anybody that knows me:  I'm not a momma's boy).  As I continue to endure the endless world of job-hunting/subbing, one of the best things that my mom has done for me is something that happens every day:  Mom:  Where did you teach today?  Me:  I taught at (school's name) for (teacher's name), in a (grade level) class.  Mom:  Who's (teacher's name)?   Author's note:  I have absolutely no idea why she asks this question.  The only teachers she knows are teachers that I or my other siblings have had.  I think that she asks this just to piss me off because I'll actually take the time to answer and explain the person that I sub for, and the only reply I get is a one-word answer that serves as my trophy for being stupid enough to think that she cares.   Mom:  Well, did you teach  quality  today?  And this is where I feel like a payoff occurs.  This is the point of the conversation where all frustration or miscommunication between myself and my mother is worth every single ounce of pain.  This one question gets me every time, because the concept of quality is something that we both place a great deal of value in.  We owe it all to a local professor over at Monroe Community College, who teaches a class designed around a single book by an author named  Robert Pirsig .  The book,   Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance  , is about a man's journey to discover himself, as well as his desire to answer the question "what is best?".  This is a very philosophical novel that requires a lot of re-reading, but I think that this book changed my life.  Now my mother and I didn't take this class together (that's creepy), but we did take it almost 13 years apart with the same teacher, and we're both amazed at how much has remained the same.    Among these deep questions and issues that the main character tries to deal with in the story, there is a concept repeated or implied throughout the story, which is that of quality and what quality actually is.  It's one thing for people to go to work and simply leave unfinished projects as soon as it's time to go home.  A 9 to 5 job for most people literally begins at 9 am and literally ends (everything is dropped) at 5pm.  On the other hand, we have people whom practice quality, people that leave work when the work is done for the day.     If you ever get an opportunity to read this book, I strongly encourage you to do so, because many of you will be changed for the better.    This book is my bible to living a good life.  That's how committed I am  to what's being said here.    Now, I may border on being crazy to some of you, but if you're interested in any sort of philosophy, or if you read to be challenged as a thinker, then this is what you need.  Too often, we forget about quality in our work as well as our personal lives.  We work for the sake of getting a paycheck and we're content to do the minimum just to get by.  If every educator simply relied on passing out worksheets, giving notes, and giving exams were the only aspects required of teaching (some would say that they already are), then anybody could truly claim to be a teacher.  To me, there aren't enough teachers that can teach quality to their students.  I am planning on re-reading this book within the coming Summer months, and I plan on writing about it more during that time.  If you have read this book and want to discuss it, please feel free to contact me.   And what is good, Phaedrus, and what is not good - Need we ask anyone to tell us these things?