One night, I was pleasuring myself when all of a sudden, I closed my eyes and that was something I don't usually do. It was so unbelievable! My body instantly relaxed and it felt even better. I guess, it proves that not everything should rely in sight. People have gown the mentality that beauty is the one that meets the eye[on top of all the "inside beauty" we talk about]. But what about how it feels? What about what we hear, smell, taste? Is there no beauty in that?   Another reason why people fear of being blind is because they would have to live in darkness. But, doesn't being blind have its advantages? Our other sense’s functions are heightened which means one will learn to appreciate one's environment better. One will learn how to see the finer details the eyes couldn't see. Besides, isn't it that the best things in life aren't always seen. Feelings aren't seen, the reactions are. People assume that feelings are the ways the body reacts to a specific thing. It’s kinda sad how people got used to judging other people or objects by their appearance. It is inevitable though. Who would want to hang out with a dirty and smelly person or an out-of-date styling girl? I guess some mean actions can prove their strong points after all.  *** I had someone almost killed. I was asking this neighbor of Monique about narcotics I wanted to buy. He said I can't buy anything from them if I’m not a member. One thing led to another and the next things I knew was that I was freaking out because Monique joked the guy that we were gonna join. Good thing Monique has an older bro so he bailed me out. Cool, huh? Bad thing is, the guy had to go back to his province because his "master" will go after him. Monique had to pay half of his fair. I was so hoping that Monique was kidding. Unfortunately, she wasn't. But at least this was cool.  Found out a couple of things though. Ecstasy will kill me because I’m too young. Chronic will give me migraine because I’m too young and shabu will kill me because it's too strong...and, yes, I’m too young. Bad trip...  *** I have another problem. It’s Jammi. Lately, I’ve been having doubts. Not about whether he loves me or not. I already know he does. I’m not sure but I’m willing to believe so. Anyway, I’ve been having these weird yet true thoughts lately. Thoughts about whether he and I are just friends or something more. Obviously, we aren't just friends but we aren't a couple either. I’m just confused because I don't know what he thinks. I mean, he knows I can't be in a relationship and we agreed to be friends. We even agreed that our "I love you"s are something we have to forget the moment we say it. But look at what's happening now. We’re so sweet and we do stuff. I’m really scared to ask him. Not that I’m scared to ask, I’m scared of the answer. Not that I’m assuming we are a couple but what if he thinks we're just friends and really nothing more. Or what if he assumes that I’m not in love with him anymore that's why I’m asking him.   [This is the second time I’ve blogged this out, I think]  I’ve even asked Monique to help me. Her answers kinda freaked me out a bit. She said maybe Jammi doesn't love me anymore or he's just playing with me. Or maybe he isn't so serious about us. At some point, she's so right. It scares the hell out of me. I even ran a possible scenario in my mind of what might happen. I didn't really do the guy part, more like my part only. I ended up saying stuff.  "I’m not obligating you to commit to me for the rest of our lives. We’re young and we'll meet other people. You’ll have a lot of choices and I don't wanna limit you to me. I’m just a bit scared I may never find something like this. I’m scared I may never be in a relationship where I’m loved and I like loving the person. I may never find someone so sweet and someone who appreciates me. I may never find another poetic musician in my life. I may never be happy again."  I know that sounds a lot like 20-year-old shit but isn't it better to have said what I really feel?  *** Daryl called me yesterday before I ate lunch. She sounded happy but I didn't care too much. I told her I was about to eat and I was! I was kinda happy I didn't have to talk to her actually. I didn't want to suffer in the lapses of our conversation. Besides, I have nothing to tell her. At some moments, I can't believe Daryl’s missing out on this part of my life. Not that my life is something she should enjoy. I’m just kinda sad that she's not a very big part of this. Up to now, I still wonder why she's so pissed off Jammi that every time I mention his name she turns all gloomy and shit. For all I know she has a crush on him. Honestly, I don't care anymore... I don't feel like doing so... and I’m thankful.  *** By the way, I was just wondering if anybody reads this blog. Drop a comment, if you don't mind.  *** I found out jammi sees me as a lover but we’re not a couple. Good enough...  I had the scariest dream with him. we were at school but he didn’t care. it made me so sad.