dude, what a day!  so margie flew in late yesterday... we went to the rutgers wind ensemble concert w/ colleen, eric, ben, and sam, and had an excellent time... as always the music was awesome... the percussion section had the coolest instrument i've ever seen too... it was a crazy 5 foot stick full of bells, really crazily arranged that they banged on the floor periodically -- i want to make one of those =)  after that we all attacked starbucks for some good old "happiness in a cup" =) and later headed home... i was up til like 3 though half out of excitement for margie being here and half out of caffeine energy... whatever =P  today, margie and i went to NYC... it was a blast: saw statue of liberty, wall street, world trade center site, southern end of central park, ate lunch at the hello deli (of david letterman show fame.... actually talked to rupert gee =P), rockefeller center (saw them working on the big christmas tree there), st. patrick's cathedral, fao schwarz, and times square before heading home again =P later tonight we had dinner w/ trevor, leigh, eric, ben, scott, and sam, and it was hilarious as always... margie's already commented "i love your math people... can i come back and visit  again ???" =)  yay =) a fun day indeed. =)  she's also been going through all the books on my shelf and reminding me which are hilarious that i haven't looked at in forever...  777 mathematical conversation starters  for one =P dude... it's just fun to have a "we can sing at the top of our lungs with garth brooks songs on the radio for an hour and have a blast", math joke, known each other for awhile now kind of friend around for a bit. =)  yay for margie!!! =)  in other news, amanda (roommate here) apparently woke up to a random phone call for me... all she remembers are the words "valpo", "brother", and that they were in the area and wanted to see me... not a clue who... hopefully they'll catch me tomorrow... that would be durn spiffy whoever it is to have  another  buddy show up =)  three cheers for spiffy people and happy days.  the end =)