As I mentioned awhile back, I have wanted to be a teacher since my junior year in high school, when the late (and great) Mr. John Calmus was my AP History teacher.  He had flair and a passion for teaching and made History seem relevant.  Unfortunately, he passed away suddenly when I was a Senior.  His funeral was the first that I ever attended.  When I am finally standing in front of my very own classroom, I will think of him.  Hopefully, I will not cry.  I left Westlake High School in Ohio to attend the University of Denver to study History.  I did not fit in very well, as much of DU was made up of Theater Arts majors and Hotel Management people.   Somewhere along the line, I read some books by Edward Abbey, the "Monkey Wrench Gang," and "The Journey Home."  This convinced me that I needed to be a Wildlife Biologist.  I was wrong, of course, as I am not really an outdoor person.  However, I left DU and went to Colorado State University the next year, to study Animals and Birds.  I did not do well.  Soon, I was faltering in my classes and losing my way.  I eventually dropped out of school.  Meeting some people in a bar one night throwing darts, I happened to mention that I was needing work.  One very nice lady, Marleen, said, "I run a group home for the Developmentally Disabled.  I need a morning staff person, why don't you come by?"  This was early May, 1986.  I worked with the Developmentally Disabled from May 5, 1986 until May 30, 2001.  15 years.  It became a career.  Not the career that I wanted, but a career.  I eventually started my own business serving the Developmentally Disabled in Weld County, Colorado.  The business was called SupportPeople, LLC.  I had a staff of up to 24 people, serving as many as 25 clients.  I prided myself on hiring the best for the job, no matter the circumstances.  Of my employees, I had five people with advanced degrees, four employees with disabilities and one that was in her 80's.  Working with that population is rewarding, but difficult.  I eventually had to give up the business when we moved from the area.  This may have been a bad decision, but it has led me to where I am today.  Along the way, I went to the University of Phoenix to get a Master's Degree of Business Administration in Technology Management.  This had helped me run my business and give me a deep appreciation of all things capitalist.  I then tried a number of other things, such as being an Investment Counselor, a Sales Manager and so forth.  Shannon (my wife) and I had a talk (similar to Jay's talk with his wife.)  We decided that I should be a teacher.  She pushed me to look into the prospect, although I thought it was impossible.  I first applied with the state of Colorado to receive an Alternative Teacher Licensure, which would allow me to teach Elementary Education based upon my schooling and work experience.  I applied to 15-20 school openings in the Spring of 2003.  I heard nothing from anyone and was very discouraged.  Of course, the teacher job market is pretty tight in Fort Collins, so I am now not surprised that I could not find work with no teaching experience whatsoever.  Shannon had heard from one of her clients that if one wanted to become a teacher mid-career, they should look into "Project Promise" at CSU.  I said, "yeah, whatever."  (Remember, I was disillusioned at this point.)  She looked into it for me.  She called Ali and talked with her about the program and got me the paperwork and prodded me until I got everything done.  In my own tardy fashion, I turned in the PP Application on the last possible day and 4:00 pm.  I was pretty sure that I would hear nothing more.  Ali called me two days later to set up an interview.  I met with Ali and Sandy.  The interview was exhilarating, as I thought that it went well and that I might be accepted to the program.    I was.  Here I am now.  Wow!  Unfortunately, joining Project Promise is tough.  You are pretty much chained to school and teaching for a full 10 months and cannot work.  This was going to be hard on our family.  Fortunately, Shannon's boss has agreed to allow her to work flex-time hours so that she can stay at home during the day.  My parents have also agreed to assist with some of the financial shortcomings and provide a small-interest loan to pay tuition.  Without their help, this would not have been possible.