This has been one of the most productive days I've had in a long time.  I got up this morning, and decided that I needed to do a bunch of stuff around my apartment.  I sat down, made a list, and got to work.  The result?  I spent three hours completely revamping my kitchen (thank you Linens-N-Things!), and I'm very happy with the results.  I also scrubbed my bathroom, did some laundry, did some much needed ironing, reorganized my closet, and put up my new shoe rack.    In completing the last of those, I came to the conclusion that I have way too many pairs of shoes.  I bought a shoe rack that goes over the back of my closet door.  It's supposed to hold 24 pairs of shoes, but depending on what type of shoes you have, and how you manage to cram them in, you can fit more.  In fact, I can fit 32 pairs... and I still have shoes that do not fit on the shoe rack.  How sick is that?!  Individually, most of the pairs make sense.  I have a couple of pairs of boots, a couple of pairs of casual sandals, formal sandals in multiple colors, clogs (black, gray, and navy), my Birks (which I would easily wear 24/7 if I could get away with it), two pairs of sneakers, black loafers, brown loafers, several pairs of heels flats... and that's not including the "specialty" shoes.  But as you can see, once I put them all together, that is a hell of a lot of shoes.  No wonder I needed to buy a shoe rack!  I seriously could not believe it once I got them all up. Note to self:  I'm not allowed to buy *any* new shoes for a long time.    So that was what today's adventures consisted of.  I'm kind of hoping that the inspiration is still there when I get up tomorrow.  If it is, I think I'm going to start sorting through my various book shelves (don't *even* get me going on how many books I own), and do some major weeding out.  I know that there are a fair number of books lying around from college that I will never open again, and after this last move, I'm getting sick of hauling them from place to place.  I'm going to sort through them all, and try to sell some of them online.  Other than that, the rest of my weekend is pretty up in the air.  And to make it even better?  I don't have to work on Monday, because of Memorial Day!  (I actually forgot about this until I tried to schedule a meeting with Alicia on Monday morning.  She just looked at me, and was like, "Um... it's Memorial Day.")  The best part?  Not only do I get the day off, I get paid for it anyway.  God, it's nice to be a non-salaried employee again.  :-)