Just beat Halo on the Hero difficulty, easier than the last time when I accidentally clicked it instead of normal. Had fun obviously, now I just need to beat it on Legendary and I will be content. Which game should I finish next? Humm, maybe Freelancer, or Shogun(I've beaten it on Normal, was about to beat it on Hard but it crashes after I finish the season I'm on... So yah, that sucks, I worked my ass off on that game too :*(... I'll start over I guess). There's also Elite Force 2, I am currently stuck on a part where I can't find where the hell I'm supposed to go. Ah and of course Homeworld, I'm stuck on the last level where you have to rescue a commander from a ship. In your way are like 30 Destroyers(pain in the ass) and 15 or 16 Battlecruisers(bigger pain in the ass) not excluding the enemy mothership with its own escort. Now that I come to think of it, I haven't even beaten half of my games. Sooo, ya... I need help, kind of obsessive about beating things... MUST FINISH!!! ACK!  It's amazing after I think about it how people lie so much just to get things to fit the way they want it, mostly even little ones. As long as the lie proves them right or makes them look a little better. Kinda sad how people have always been that way, it almost becomes a reflex to do so. Kind of makes me sick how we all, least the self conscious ones(a good chunk of the human population), lie to each other. There's no trust, yet if we had trust we'd have peace and with peace comes harmony. That is an impossibility in our world, unfortunately. I think before I talk after I thought of all this, if it is really worth it and if it will really change my life so much. Very suprisingly to me the answer is always "no", at least from the ones that I'd make. I really hate myself for what I do to make myself, again, look better or prove myself right. I wash I could go back and take them all back, there are so many that I know I've forgotten about because they were so small and useless, fuck, this is starting to really piss me off. I can't believe myself, how I could be so selfish about the little things that wouldn't have effected my life in any way, just that one second of the self concious high we all crave for 24/7. MAKES ME SICK!!  Just one more thing, kinda skims the same category of the last, I'm in that mood tonight. So yeah, about this country. Everyone knows this but I'm gonna talk about it anyways, it's the way this country lives off of fear. If you watch or read the news even in a small town there's always something on about a murder, rape, kidnapping, robbery, crashes etc... When the news stations have no new stories with any kind of fearful conflict they go to for example... Dangerous escalators, killer bees(they never got to Arizona), Y2K, Terrorism(big one, from what I know there wasn't any other kind of attack of terrorism after the Anthrax virus and they were still at it a year later), "video games can influence you child(ren) to kill(BULLSHIT! If you think your child is disturbed because of the fucking video games look at your kid, NOT THE FUCKING GAMES! your the fucking one that bought them the fucking games, it's them! not the fucking games!). Everyone knows this country is fueled off of fear, not everyone wants to believe it of course, in my eye it seems there's never going to be anything to fix that. Kinda sucks huh...?  I hope that satisfies all your journal reading cravings, sorry if it doesn't.