busy weekend...       FRIDAY: we went to see Spiderman 2. i already saw it before i came, but it was just as good the second time.       SATURDAY: got up very early (half an hour earlier than i meant to, by accident LOL) to eat breakfast and leave by 8:30. we then rode the bus for three hours, and then had an hour and a half to eat lunch and sit around. then, we finally got on the boat, and our whale trip began. after about ten minutes, we were amazed by the little parts of the backs of whales that we could see, but then after about an hour, i decided to listen to the lady that was speaking over the loudspeaker *yes i said speaker twice in a row and i didnt like it lol*... apparently there were two whales at the front of the boat, so we went up there (with everybody else). just after we got there, the two whales (of the Humpback variety) started jumping completely out of the water, and they were rolling over and doing all kinds of things. the lady said that this was the first time the whales had done this this year, and i dont know if its true or not, but thats still cool LOL. so, we got lots of pictures of the whales (i dont know how close up they will be, since they are with an unzooming disposable camera lol.... they were REALLY close to the boat though, so you never know). On the way back, the lady was telling some story about the Saint Lawrence River, and since its french first then english, i wasnt really listening (i didnt plan on hearing either version, since i was just having a good time looking at things) but when the french version was over and the english version started, i turned to Jodie and said "didnt she JUST tell this story in english!?!?!".... i must really be getting good at french, because without even paying attention, i had completely translated the french version into english!.....  on the way home, the bus driver was playing crazy music (ALL the bus drivers here play crazy english music) and it was all disco songs, so any time we knew a song, we would sing and it was so much fun... go Disco Bus!       SUNDAY: i woke up at 9:30 and even though i had a nothing day, i couldnt go back to sleep so i read for a while. at 10:20, Chris came to my room to find out what time it was, and what time he was supposed to leav at (almost everybody was going to this outdoor sports place at 12... i didnt cuz it didnt interest me).... anyway, this is just a small part of Chris's goal of not using a clock or watch of his own (since he didnt BRING one) for five weeks. after that, i went for lunch at 11:30, just in time to see everybody before they left for the day. i sat in the cafeteria with Pam and Young Megan for 2.5 hours, then we went to do my laundry. this successfully wasted time until 4, at which point Pam and i went to play pool for an hour, and then we ate supper. after that, i went to this music store with Chris, Sarah, Matt, and Irina where we spent a good half hour. Sarah and I waited for the second bus to come when we had to switch buses since the other one was PACKED (everyone here tries to go to the same place at once, so we fill buses easily), and since we didnt know if we were going to the music store or Vieux Quebec first, so the other three were waiting at the bus stop at the music store when we got there, but they didnt motion for us to get off the bus, and they didnt try to get on the bus. so me and Sarah ran to the back door, but the bus driver didnt open it, and we got shipped off to the next bus stop at Laval University. then we had to wait for a bus to take us back, but after that everything was good. when we left the store, Matt needed  to go to the bank, so we took the bus all the way to Vieux Quebec just so he could save 50 cents by not using the machine at the campus LOL. while we were there, we just looked around for a few minutes, talked to a man who was visiting from New Jersey (he took our picture) and then we went back. since we still had an hour to wait when we got off our first bus (because the second bus runs rarely) we walked to Tim Hortons :D (my third time since we got here!)       TODAY: this afternoon, we went on a class trip to the Chateau Frontenac, which i think was the best trip out of all the trips classes went on today. we got a guided tour buy a "maid".... it is SO nice there.... the sand in the ashtrays has has a fancy F stamped into it, its just that fancy LOL. we got to go in a Presidential Suite... i could have dealt with living there! (since the bed alone is about half the size of ours rooms here LOL)... it was interesting, but it was over quickly. oh well, it beats the trips of the other classes!       thats all for today... if i type any more i might die LOL. au revoir!