Ok, so this whole blog trend is whizzing right by me, so I decided to jump on the blogging bandwagon. Sara doesnt think I can do it. She says "you don't even read mine, what makes you think you can keep up with your own." Well, I'm doin it dammit...you'll see..I'll show you all. Actually, she's probably right. I probably will end up not keeping up with it. Any-whoot, today I bought a bunch of cute pink things for my room. Yes I am trying to convert my room from a batchelor pad, to a nice cozy cute room...or shall I say  Batchelorette Pad . Well, I think I am going to take back what I bought cuz something is just not right. It looks all wrong, Manny agrees. Today I had trouble trying to beat Crashman in Megaman 2 for Nintendo. He is a tough little dude. I have used Metal Blade, Fire Ball, Leaf Shield, I just cant kill him. God, it pissees me off. On a happier note, I want to thank all my friends for showing up at El Cholo on my birthday...if you were there, you know I had great fun...too much fun; I paid for it on Friday morning, and friday afternoon and night, and well into Saturday morning. But regardless, it was a goodtime. Oh and sorry Paul for drunk dialing you and yelling obscenities; at the time, I simply could not understand why you refused to pick up the phone...but I understand now...I wouldnt want to talk to an obnoxious drunk woman, even if she was the cutest thing to ever walk the face of the earth...but seriously, sorry. And anyone else that I may have drunk dialed, I am sorry too...I think. So my neurologist finally called in my prescription for me. It's a new drug I have never taken. It is supposed to stop the headaches for 2 weeks or so, which rocks. But of course there is a catch, a big one. The pharmacist says to me "the medication will make you bigger..much bigger, like you are swollen, but don't be alarmed." WHAT?! Don't be alarmed?! Youre telling me that I am going to blow up llike the Pillsbury Dough Boy and I shouldn't be alramed about it. Joe is excited aboout me getting fat. He said, "I think you are overlooking the positives of being 'Fat Meg'; I am so down with hanging out with 'Fat Meg'." Good God Joesph it's not a game for Christ sake. Well, luckily the fatness is only supposed to last for 6 days. So I need to find a place to hide for 6 days....hmmm...