urlLink Differentiating the Language Arts for High Ability Learners, K-8. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by Joyce Van Tassel-Baska.  It examines ways that language skills can be taught to smart students.  From the ERIC Digest:  Differentiation approaches so critical to consider when adapting language arts curriculum include acceleration, depth, complexity, challenge, and creativity. Typically, curriculum is organized according to grade levels, with each subsequent grade level expectation being more demanding than the preceding. When we differentiate curriculum for gifted students, we must move to a higher level of expectation in respect to content, process, and concept demands. One way of accommodating higher expectations effectively is to make more advanced curriculum or content available to students at a younger age, ensuring that all levels of the standards are traversed in the process. When students are provided with advanced content or accelerated through curriculum, teachers need to adjust their expectations to match the students' advanced level. The level of curriculum for gifted learners must be adapted to their needs for advancement, depth, and complexity. For example, after a discussion on major themes in novels and other works, a student might be asked to choose a novel and write an essay about the first chapter in which major themes of the work are explored (VanTassel-Baska, 2002).   Another aspect of differentiation that needs clarification is in the choice of instructional strategies employed. In many respects, there are no strategies that are differentiated only for students who are gifted or have high ability in language arts. Rather, strategy use is inextricably tied to the nature and level of curriculum being addressed. A diagnostic-prescriptive approach to instruction allows students to move at a fast pace and not be subject to instruction in skills already learned. Such an approach is powerful because it allows for an assessment process by which each student's language arts ability can be discerned and adapted for that student.   Some instructional strategies are highly effective when combined with advanced curriculum. For example, questioning can be a powerful tool for demonstrating or encouraging high level discussions in gifted clusters if the stimulus reading or viewing was also challenging. Use of open-ended activities can also prove effective if they are of requisite difficulty. Problem-based learning by the sheer demands of working on ill-structured problems poses a particularly appropriate instructional approach for gifted program use. Thus strategy differentiation involves a set of techniques that need to be matched to advanced curriculum in order to be effective for advancing the learning of gifted students.