I want to post... There's lot's to post about, but I'm not really feeling that great... I had the best day ever! Don't get me wrong. But just started to go through some stuff I was looking at last night... I'll start with the good part of my day. So, after the long A and B-Block I went to lunch and talked to my friends a while, blah blah blah... Went downtown to buy Christmas presents for Kat and Adrian. I said where I needed to go so we went and Jen and I looked at Kat's present's and she helped pick 'em out. So down goes half of my wallet ;). Then we went to the Bento Bar and Jen got something to eat, then to the Bank... Went to get Adrians present's etc... Blah blah blah... After walking around we went back to Summit and met Dane, made up my costume(leave and a couple sticks). Off we went to MV to save Katherine, Sarah and Conley! We ran, almost got lost on the way and stopped by the japanese room... Then we crammed into Dane's car and drove off to LotR: RotK. That was a fucking awesome movie!! OMFG!!! So yeah, afterwards we went to Red Robin(crammed to hell and back). Then decided to go to Cibellis down near OfficeMax. Had dinner(which I payed for) and met this lady that sounded like she knew me... It was kinda creepy, and apparently I made a really funny face when she said, "go smoke another bowl"... I think she thought I was high 'cause of how I was acting, *shifty eyes* or she knew my past... Hummm. Yeah, soo... Anyways, after that we dropped Adrian and Jen off at the Old Mill and met Sarah at the arcade. There we played some DDR and took pictures in the picture booth, Katherine looked really funny in the pictures we had... Yep, just lost my train of thought... Oh well, that was about it for the good part... I was doing great until I got home and sat down at my desk, the articles and the picture of me where out on my desk from last night... I broke down last night after I started reading them and it just finally really hit me, it hit me fucking hard... I was afraid I was going to wake up my brother, then I left sooner than Katherine thought I would and freaked her out... 'Course she thought she said something wrong *rolls eyes*... Yeah, that's right, rolling my eyes at you! Anyways, it's come back down to me posting another paragragh of crap producing from my mind... ttyl  Oh yeah, and now I am down to about 1 dollar from 105 in one day... I love Christmas!