At our small group this past Sunday night, a story was told on one family's youngest child.  It seems she had been praying, thanking God as kids do for each and every member of her family.  As she wrapped up, her Mother wanted to encourage her to "thank God most of all for..."  "ME!", she exclaimed innocently.    So that got me thinking, which is always a dangerous proposition.  Do I thank God for me?  I know the purpose of the Mom's prodding was to have her daughter become more and more thankful for Jesus.  I understand that.  But that sent me down another path of thinking.  Am I thankful that God made me who I am?  So many times I find myself trying to be someone I'm not.  God made me who I am and I should fall on my knees and thank him for that.  Plus, I realize that the one person that I need to imitate more is Jesus.  That is who God made me to be like.  The more I try to be someone else, the less I am who God made me and the less Jesus' qualities I have.  Praise God for who I am.  Lord, you are my creator and refiner.  Mold me and shape me into what you want me to be.  Take my heart and make it yours.  Send your spirit to fill me up.   Psalm 139    O Lord, you have searched me and you know me   You know when I sit and when I rise   you perceive my thoughts from afar   You discern my going out and my lying down   you are familiar with all my ways   Before a word is on my tongue   you know it completely, O Lord.       You hem me in - behind and before   you have laid your hand upon me.   Such knowledge is too wonderful for me,   too lofty for me to attain.       Where can I go from your spirit?   Where can I flee from your presence?   If I go up to the heavens, you are there   if I make my bed in the depths, you are there   If I rise on the wings of the dawn,   if I settle on the far side of the sea,   even there your hand will guide me,   your right hand will hold me fast.       If I say, "Surely the darkness will hide me   and the light become night around me,"   even the darkness will not be dark to you   the night will shine like the day,   for darkness is as light to you.       For you created my inmost being   you knit me together in my mother's womb.   I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made   your works are wonderful   I know that full well.   My frame was not hidden from you    when I was made in the secret place.   When I was woven together in the depths of the earth,   your eyes saw my unformed body.   All the days ordained for me were written in your book   before one of them came to be.       How precious to me are your thoughts, O God!   How vast is the sum of them!   Were I to count them, they would outnumber the grains of sand.   When I am awake, I am still with you.       If only you would slay the wicked, O God!   Away from me, you bloodthirsty men!   They speak of you with evil intent   your adversaries misuse your name.   Do I not hate those who hate you, O Lord,   and abhor those who rise up against you?   I have nothing but hatred for them   I count them my enemies.       Search me, O God, and know my heart   test me and know my anxious thoughts.   See if there is any offensive way in me,   and lead me in the way everlasting.   Take a moment today to thank God for "you"...