urlLink Hispanics in College: Participation and Degree Attainment. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by Richard Fry.  From the ERIC Digest:  Latinos lag every other major population group in attaining college degrees, especially bachelor’s degrees (Vernez & Mizell,2002). This partly reflects the difficulties Hispanic youth have in completing high school and the influx of adult less-educated Latino immigrants, but the outcomes of Latinos in postsecondary education require attention as well.    Large numbers of Latinos are enrolled in postsecondary education. In fact, by some measures, a greater share of Hispanics is attending college than non-Hispanic whites. However, most Latino undergraduates are pursuing paths associated with lower chances of attaining a bachelor’s degree. Many are enrolled in community colleges, many also only attend school part-time, and others delay or prolong their college education into their mid-20s and beyond. Given the relatively high college enrollment rates of Latino high school completers, improvements in the college persistence rates of Latino youth would greatly increase the number of highly educated Latinos and their participation in graduate and professional education. This digest examines the extent and nature of Hispanic college enrollment in comparison to that of other racial and ethnic groups.    College Entry and Participation    Hispanic youth that complete U.S. secondary education do not markedly lag similar white youth in obtaining post-secondary education. By age 26, Latino high school completers are as likely as white high school completers to obtain some post-secondary education (NCES, 2002a). However, the timing of entry into post-secondary education is consequential to degree completion, and immediate entry into college may have a positive impact on college completion. Seventy-one percent of Latino high school graduates immediately enter postsecondary education, in comparison to 76 percent of white high school graduates (NCES, 1997).