This article really ties into my technology autobiography.  I had to laugh to myself when I read it, as it brings to mind so many conversations that I have had with my parents.  I have two children, one is 3 and the other 5, and they both know how to turn on a computer and find  urlLink Barney.com .  My father has to use both of his hands when operating a mouse, while my 3 year old can control the mouse with one hand and drink juice from a cup in another.  The point that I am trying to make is that children respond to what is around them.  Computers are everywhere, and students are able to do so many things with them. They are able to focus for hours on end on endless possibilities that technology offers them.  One point that I would like to make concerning the article is that this article focuses on upper middle class teens.  I currently work with low socio-economic teens in high school.  So many of my students have not had the exposure that the students at Prospect Sierra Middle School have had. I taught Computer Applications this past school year, and all assignments that I gave students had to been completed in class because so many students did not have computers at home.  This is also a reason that many students use the internet inappropriately.  Students have not had guidance when exploring the internet and when they encounter sites that are inappropriate, curiosity gets the best of them and they often get into situations that they can not handle.  I am convinced that technology is becoming more popular among all people, especially students.  I often remember the card catalogue that I used to find books and articles in a media center. Currently, there is so much more information that can be found from the confines of your own home.  It is necessary for our teens to be well rounded individuals, and technology will enable them to possess knowledge beyond expectations.  Adults must continue to monitor our children, and talk to them so they will understand how important appropriate computer usage is to safety.