yesterday afternoon we had the "Olympic Games"... it was a lot more fun than i thought it would be, even though my class didnt do very well (we won a few events, but not many)... we were the best at the tug-o-war... very very good... but our pyramid making abilities (to have it stable) were not LOL.... we didnt win, but thats ok  last night was very boring, as it was the first night in 11 days that i had absolutely NOTHING to do! Jodie was playing soccer and Chris, Sarah, and Matt went to see Farenheit 911 and since i just saw it, i didnt go with them. so, i went to my room without a purpose (for the first time) and i played cards and listened to music for about 45 minutes. then i went to look for Jodie, who was supposed to be doing her laundry, but she was still playing soccer, so i watched the last few minutes of that. then we went to the laundry room but it was full, so we decided to go to the cafeteria (air conditioning) and played cards with a girl named Megan (#3) that we met there. while we were there we also got talkign to some of the cafeteria staff (theyre mostly young... its sad because they work very long hours to serve us). one of the guys had a cd of him singing in english and he got me to listen to it... it was good but it just wasnt my style of music, plus some pronunciation was a bit hard to understand, but it was still good LOL...    after that, Jodie and Megan went to bed, and i decided to walk around for a little bit before the others came back from their movie, but i ended up stopping to talk to some other people for the entire time, so no walking occurred (but we do enough walking here already, so thats ok LOL). then when Sarah Chris and Matt came back, we sat around outside for an hour and talked until we had to go to bed. and that was my evening of nothing to do.  oh, i forgot... Jodie, Andréanne (animatrice) and I were playing Scrabble IN FRENCH for a while, and i was winning the whole time, and then Jodie had to go so it was just me and Andréanne playing and i was still winning until she also had to go, so then i was playing against Sarah (advanced class) and i was STILL winning, so i am awesome at French Scrabble! LOL  this morning class was better than yesterday, and Simone and I confronted Anastasia about the skit. since we still had NOTHING done and it is to be performed tomorrow (she "didnt know" that the ORAL PRESENTATION ON FRIDAY was the oral presentation we have been "working on" all week!). we told her that we think it would be best if we each come up with a short story of something that happened to us in Vieux Quebec and we will tell the stories, since there is less than 24 hours to write AND learn a skit. she then countered with "ya, it can be like a dialogue of us telling each other what we did" and we were just like NO.   anyways, im off to my workshop. au revoir!