THE UPDATE....(I feel like it's a novela-soap opera)     At Work   Well work today was good! Everyone gave me a warm welcoming with hugs and kind words. They were all worried and were happy to see me. The kids on the other hand were concerned when they seen my band aids on my face. (Actually it's not as bad as it was...Thank God but I am healing very well....I do not think I am going to have any scars---keep fingers crossed!!!). I decided not to tell them I was in a wreck just because I know the nature of kids. Kids need to relate to something for them to understand otherwise questions get soared..not that it is bad but I figured I would tell them that I got scraped on the ground because I fell down as I was rollerblading. That went well. Although they still asked they were able to be compasionate and understanding. They were all pretty happy to see me back=) This is the last week of camp!    At District    After work my friend and I drove down to district to sign our contracts. Everything went well. I thank God for the blessings!!! Can you believe that our medical, dental and vision plans are all FREE...yup I can't believe it. I thought it was great!!!!=) I am fortunate because they are many people that can't even get aid for things they need. When I get married (God willing) my family will be under my benefits for really cheap but for vision they all remain free. Although I have a stack of paperwork to fill out it feels good to have the contract finalized. We also had a chance to meet the superintendant. I am really looking foward to getting my class ready. I currently bought a whole bunch of books (kids, chapter books) for my classroom library. Since I am a new teacher I have to buy everything. I don't have much so I have to start from scratch. I am accepting any donations of books, magazines, comics....so If anyone knows of anything let me know.    At Bible Study   Well today my whole life group came to visit. It was really cool. We just sat and talked. The girls' brought me some cheesecake. We had warm coffee/chocolate, churros and cheesecake. The time was blessed. I really enjoyed their company. After we hung out for a while we went to my room and watched some tv. They also looked at my graduation pictures.     Retreat   Well summer college retreat is a week away!!! I can hardly wait!!! I hope I can fully recover so that I can join everyone in the pool and stuff. We are going to Palm Springs on Aug 2-4th. Supposibly it is a good time because everyone gets to know each other well and also because of what is taught in the retreat. I really hope everyone from my life group can go. Making time for God is always good amongst the crazyness of daily life!    Prayer requests   Patience...I need to continue refreshining my faith in God. I also pray that the whole car situation gets resolved. I also pray for my job at art camp, the kids and for my upcomming teaching job. I pray for those relationships that are being built and I pray that God keep me humble and loving towards the people he puts in my path. I pray for my family, friends and for little sam- specifically for healing.