I've been doing laundry and packing all day, because I know I'll be busy tonight and tomorrow before I leave on Sunday. Besides, I don't want to be frazzled and rushed into forgetting something - that always seems to happen to me. So, I'm leaving Sunday and coming back the 29th of June. Just in time for report cards...whoop...  Anywho...I was looking through my files and looking through all the emails and home videos and such. I opened one file that was made shortly after 9/11 and probably sent to everyone in America for all I know. Seeing the footage and hearing the voices reminded me why I don't watch the news anymore. Eugh. Then the System of a Down video for "Boom" and whatnot...it makes me sick. It hasn't even been three years. Then I remember the movie Braveheart...wow, that movie is almost ten years old now...when William Wallace (Gibson) is talking to Robert LeBruce (sp?) and he says something like, everyone dies it's just a matter of how. And then he speaks to the Princess of Whales and says, oh, every man dies, but not every man truly lives... I love that movie. And sometimes I feel like the world is going straight down the toilet.   And then other times I really don't care. Because there is nothing I can do about it.  Besides, why should I worry? School is out, vacations are coming, and I'll be going to two of the safest places I could really be this summer. I'm going to a place full of guns and soldiers (Naval Academy) and to an entirely different country where people leave their doors unlocked and everything seems peaceful (Canada). Why should I worry?  In any case, Shelby has left with Leslie and our mommies...I have no idea where to, though.   Kendra will pick me up at 11 on Sunday morning, and we'll be ready to go. Dave will pick us up at the Academy on Thursday afternoon, and then on Friday afternoon we'll go back to school and meet all the former North School kids and go off to Canada. Then in August I'm going off to the Black Hills in South Dakota. It's going to be a great summer. Plus driving. That's always cool.  Wow...it's the eighteenth of June. Alex's birthday?? ...Happy birthday...I still have pictures of us when we were living in Scotland at the Guy Fawkes parades. But then tomorrow is Joseph's birthday, and then Chris' birthday is in July and Kendra's is the third of August! YAY! Birthdays!