Hooray! Ha d  a nice shitty day today, pr o bably just cause I was tired all day. I dra n k 3 packs of Emergen-C s t uff, wanted to wake mysel f  up but it just gave me a headache. So yay for that, and after I played 2 ho u rs worth of Gunbound(won like 2 games) I attempted to take some Advil but we didn't have any... No aspirin whatsoever! What kind of fu c king house doesn't have fucking aspirin, such bullshit! So I went to sleep and my brother  k ept turning the l i ght on before I was about to get to sleep, that just made my headache worse. Tha n k you Andy! Yeah, so I finally  g ot to sleep and d r eamt about some guy fighting a l i ttle dog 'til my brother woke me up again from jumping off his be d  constantly and having the T.V. blasting ZOOM! FUCK!! SO FUCKING SICK OF THAT FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT SHOW!!! He watches it every day, including the fucking R e ading Rainbow and fucking Cyber so m ething or other... Felt like smashing my h e ad against the wall. Stupid fucking T.V. shows, damned! After dinner I tried Gunbound again and just lost some more games, didn't help cheer me up at all. I really hate interacting with anything right now, can't even listen to music... That's not right !  The walls are looking real friendly right now. I wish I had better things to write about at the moment but there's honestly nothing happening right now, just want it to snow really hard for a week straight. That would make me feel better, wouldn't mind that at all. I love the snow, so many things you can do with it, including the snow ball fights *shifty eyes*.  I didn't laugh nearly enough as I wanted today, just that nothing was amusing to me. Something annoying I was thinking about just now is how I smile even if I don't want to... For example: If someone makes a joke that I don't think is funny I'll smile like it's funny, since they think I think it's funny they'll keep making the shitty jokes or whatever... I'l keep smiling, eventually I'll get so sick of their joke and smiling that I'll suddenly loose all character in my face. That's when they give me the look like,"asshole, who do you think you are... just don't laugh if it's not funny"... MY ARM STILL FUCKING ITCHES!!! GAAH!! *itch* I was itching it all throughout the schoolday, really annoying but I can't help it. It's on my wrist now too, not as much but it's still there and it itches as well. I won't say what it is 'cause then I'd give away something some might still be trying to figure out, don't know why they would but anyways... I can already tell this is going to be a really crappy week, but I suppose that alright. There a time for everything. Everyone has it, no one's being singled out by life...  That's what I really hate, how people think their life is so fucking worse than everyone elses... I give it to the ones who really do have it worse, but people that complain all the fucking time about anything they can get out piss me off. It's either for attention or empathy from others. That's one of my least favorite things in the world, sure it's good to get help... But fucking complaining about anything you can fucking get out is such bullshit, so fucking tiring to listen to someone complain about the smallest fucking things. With my personality I pretend to feel bad, I just zone out and whenever it sounds like they finish a sentance I reply with "uh huh" or "yeah, that sucks"... I understand completely when someone has an actual issue to talk about... Not about how far they had to walk, how hard it is to get something done, or any little, useless, uninteresting, stupid thing there is to complain about. I dont know if I did that in any of my posts but if I did than I'm so sorry I had to subject you to that, I probably wasn't thinking when I did... Just one more thing I really hate!  People that brag... *cringe* OH MY GOD I FUCKING HATE BAGGERS!!! I can't stand people that sit there and brag about shit, I would be so much more impressed if I jsut found it out by myself or if someone else told me... But when someone tells me there soooo good at something I just want to go off on them and smash their head on a door! Me... I hate bragging, makes me feel like crap... I don't mind if someone tells me I'm good at whatever(no shit) but I really hate telling someone I'm better at something than them or have more or what-the fuck-ever. Fucking bragging pisses me off, but then of course if someone's doing it I can't say anything... Just, "wow!" and "nice!" 'cause that's how I fucking am, FUCK!  So yeah, definitely wrote more than expected... Just some dislikes, might as well get them out eventually. By the way, there's a message in there... Find it and tell me what it says, I'll be surprised if one does. I WILL NOT GIVE ANY HINTS TO IT!!! Including you Katherine, sry ;)... You'll never find it!!