I know the views that I'm about to post are controversial, but it's good to question things sometimes.  I saw this on another blog, and I thought it was worth the post.  "41 Problems with the Video and Official Story  1] Berg had connections to al Qaeda terrorists strong enough to be questioned by the FBI. His email was used by accused terrorist Zacharias Moussaoui. 2] The United States and the Iraqi police detained Berg for 13 days, not releasing him until his father filed suit. He was detained as a suspected Israeli spy. The US now denies it had anything to do with the detention despite correspondence to the contrary. The Iraqi police also deny any involvement in his detention. They are playing hot potato with it. 3] When Berg was detained he, a Jew, had a copy of the Koran and an anti-semetic book entitled 'The Jewish Problem'. That is just strange. 3] Berg doesn't struggle or even flinch when his head is sawed off with a western style military knife. 4] An Islamic extremist would know the proper way to behead someone. It is the chosen form of execution in Saudi Arabia and probably other Arab nations as well. It is accomplished with one clean sword stroke to the neck. The person hacking off the head obviously had a great deal of difficulty doing so, owing to the poor choice of blade and technique. 5 ] No blood spurts from his neck as he is supposed to be dieing. The amount of blood on the floor is much smaller than it should have been. He should have died from bleeding out and this would have resulted in a couple of liters of blood spurting from his neck. 6 ] No blood gets on the hand of 'Zarqawi' even though it was in front of Berg's neck when he should have been bleeding out. 7] Zarqawi is thought to be dead and is known to have an artificial leg. Clearly the man hacking off the head didn't. 8 ] Zarqawi is known to have a tattoo on the back of his left hand of three green dots. The man hacking off the head didn't have a tattoo on his hand. 9 ] All the men had nice WHITE hands. Except in the last 20-30 seconds when the face appears to have been digitally lightened, the hands are as white or whiter than Berg's skin. Arab terrorists don't have white hands.  10 ] All of the men had identical, nice, clean clothing. It looked new. This is unlikely for rogue combatants in a war zone. It is likely if someone needed some 'terrorist' clothing for a video. 11] If Zarqawi was in the video, why didn't he show his face? It is known to the US already. It would have established the video's authenticity. It would have inspired fear. So why's it covered? 12] The real Zarqawi speaks with a Jordanian accent. According to a CNN mid-eastern expert who is a fluent professional translator, this 'Zarwaqi' did not speak with a Jordanian accent. She dismissed the possibility of it being him out of hand. 13] The whole time line is completely fucked up. There are many inconsistencies in the time line. I could cite at least a dozen. The most obvious is that he was 'found Monday over the weekend' 14] The 'militants' stood with a Western posture. When they moved in, their movements were rehearsed. Each knew where he was going when the action happened as if it were pre-planned. 15] Two of the 'Arab militants' brought their left hands to their faces during the video. The left hand is unclean in Arabic nations. It is used to wipe one's ass. The left hand is taboo. An Arab wouldn't eat with it or offer it to someone, they are unlikely to touch their eyes with it, it is unclean. 16] 'Zarqawi' is wearing a large gold ring. Islam reportedly forbids men to wear gold jewelry. 17] The rifles are reportedly Galil variants. These would be Israeli rifles. Arab militants wouldn't use Israeli weapons. The guns are all either Galils or Mac's. 18] Between Berg being knocked to the floor and then hacked up, the video cuts for no reason. Remember this isn't a two camera shoot, there is no reason for the video to cut. Something was cut out, or it would be continuous. 19] The website to which the video was supposedly released was down within 90 minutes. All major news organizations supposedly learned of this video and obtained copies within that time. 20 ] Berg is wearing an orange uniform identical to those at used by the US for detainies. 21] The walls and room are reportedly identical to the prison. 22] Berg is shown in a chair identical to those in the prison. If he was in an abandoned warehouse why wasn't he on looted office furniture instead. These chairs are not extremely rare, but the odds of both chairs being identical is slim. 23] The video never mentions the word 'Al Qaeda', it uses the word al qaed. These are two different words, one is a name and means 'The Base'. The other is not a name and translates as 'one who sits by and does nothing'. This translation is from the CNN arab language expert. She reports that any fluent speaker of Arabic would notice this difference. 24] Nick Berg's dad and Berg's tower company appear on a Free Republic 'enemies' list. The list isn't too long. I'm not on it under any alias I've used. 25] Nick Berg's tower company is not registered in his home state of Pennsylvania. While not a legal requirement, state officials report it would be nearly impossible to do business without registering. 26] The time code on the tape is in military time. Arabs use the standard arabic clock. 27] This video came out just when it would help the Bush regime the most. Fucktards everywhere are now using it to justify widespread US war crimes. Hardly the sort of reaction Islamic militants would desire, but obviously quite predictable. 28] One of the towers Berg worked on, the biggest and most damaged one, was near the prison. 29] No one can account for Berg's whereabouts from between April 10th (when his father believe he was killed) to May 11th the most firmly referenced of three days his body may have been found. He looks very clean and well fed to have been held prisoner by savages for over a month. 30 ] The US has not stated how his body was identified. It didn't have a head. It should have taken some time to ID. 31 ] Except for the individual reading the prepared statement, the only words said by the other 'terrorists' were "Allah Akbar" over and over. The speech was somewhat slurred. The accent differs significantly from the reader. I don't believe that they all spoke Arabic. 32 ] The speaker fumbles the transcript several times and goes back to the same page several times. It appeared he was having trouble reading his own statement. 33] During the hacking up part the video camera zooms in indistinctly just where you would expect the filmer to be trying for the most horrid details. 34] The body makes no death throws. None. Nada. Most animals, when they die, convulse. 35] Almost nothing dripped from the recently severed head. If he had just died the head should have still had a lot of blood in it. A head holds around a liter of blood in soft sponge-like tissues, unless the blood was coagulated it should have dripped for some time. 36] Berg continues to 'scream' after his windpipe has been cut through. 37] The time code actually jumps 11 hours during once splice in the video. Oops! 38] Near the end of the video, after the chanting stops, a distinctly Western voice can be heard to say what sounds like "Thy Will be Done" it then repeats itself. Hear it at Breakfornews.coms 39] Berg's body, though he was a civilian, was flown by the military to Dover Air Force Base. His parents had requested to be there when it arrived but that permission was denied. According to Department of State Publication 10391, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Revised September 1996, "The U.S. Government cannont pay to have your body buried overseas or returned to the United States." This is a publication intended for Americans living / working abroad. 40] The voice reading the statement at the beginning not only does not match the lips, but when the pages are turned and obviously lost in confussion, there is no pause. If you try to resynch the audio with the video you can not. The voice is dubbed in and poorly lip-synched. 41] The guy hacking off the head has a black hood, there is a very subtle cut at the end (after Thy Will Be Done) and the guy holding the head up is suddenly wearing a white mask. The time code jumps over a minute.  Now, if it were just one or two of the above problems, I could perhaps write it off to strange coincidences or inaccurate information. Given the scope of the errors with the official story, it is obviously complete rubbish. It is very difficult to say, ever, who pulled a false-flag operation. Groups likely to benefit would include the Bush Administration, the CIA, US Military Intelligence, Individual US Prison Guards, Private Contractors, and Foreign Intelligence such as MI-6 or the Mossad. Intelligence black-ops are also often done for one group by another to allow deniability; this seems to be the case with the UN bugging scandal, and it is quite likely that more than one group was involved in Nick Berg's death as well. It is certain that Nick Berg was not executed via decapitation by 'Al-Qaeda Terrorist al-Zarqawi'."  There are also a number of other things that bother me about this guy.  I posted a couple of days ago that he was investigated by the FBI in 2002 for letting a terrorist use his computer.  This terrorist was none other than Zacarias Moussaui, another supposed "mastermind" of the 9/11 attacks that is now being held by the United States.  Woo hoo, that's not just any old terrorist.  Now I'm not much of a conspiracy theorist, but I think that this whole mess is a CIA psy-ops job.  You guys decide for yourself.