The world seems filled with people who enjoy making everyone their friend. There are those people who refer to everyone they sorta kinda know as "my friend." There are those incurable social butterflies who are always surrounded by people and seem to thrive off the company of others. Then there are those who treat complete strangers or near strangers like an old dear friend. The cashiers at the grocery store who divulge all their problems to every customer who comes through their lane. Customers who do the same (once when I worked retail a woman pulled out photos of a wrecked car that she was recently in an accident in).   My new pseudo-friend is Lori, the custodian on my floor. My first encounter with her happened when I came into my office a little early one day. I was surprised to find Lori sitting at my desk talking on my phone. When I walked in she explained to me that her teenage daughter had run away from home and she was on the phone with her high school letting them know that they are not to discuss her daughter with her ex-husbands girlfriend even though her daughter was living with the girlfriend. Then she said, "You work with kids, you should be able to figure her out." I told her I worked with young kids and couldn't help her with her daughter, but that it did seem like a tough situation she was dealing with.  I thought this was a little weird. But I had heard of students walking in on building staff doing much worse in the early morning hours so I decided not to be weirded out too much by it. Lori, though, seemed to be warmed by my kind response. I'm the only grad student on my floor, perhaps the faculty that have offices there are generally less than friendly. Or perhaps, they just aren't around much in the mornings to interact with her. Maybe Lori just thought I seemed cool. I'm not really sure exactly what it is, but suddenly Lori started acting like my nest best friend.  It started out small. She would say hi to me when she would see me come in. Once when I was gone for the weekend I returned to newly mopped floors. I was okay with being nice to the cleaning lady. Then things got a little weirder. Once she was refilling the bathroom with toiletries and came buy my office with a bag of toilet paper, "Here" she said handing me a roll. "Do you want more for home? Take them in your bag." I really didn't need to lug home multiple rolls of one-ply toilet paper so I declined. She also gave me a whole bunch of garbage bags and told me where the unlocked supply closet is, in case, I suppose, I am ever in desperate need of one-ply toilet paper, gallon trash bags, and those brown paper towels that fill public restrooms.  Then she got on this kick where my floors needed to be waxed. She told me repeatedly that if I told my boss to email her boss and ask for my floors to be waxed she would wax them. I wasn't going to ask Professor Wang to email building services asking for a floor being waxed. Still, she wouldn't let up on the whole floor wax thing. One morning I was in a meeting with a professor when Lori walks in the professor's office and interrupts our meeting. "I'm gonna say something to you, and you are gonna say something back to me," she said. "Uh okay.." was my response. "If you tell me that you want your floor waxed I can wax it, but you didn't hear me say that." So I told her I'd like my floor waxed. This seemed to bring her a lot of pleasure. Currently, my whole office is sitting in the hallway waiting for Lori to wax my floors tomorrow morning.  There are other things she has done that seems to go beyond the friendly exchange of people who work in the same building. She brought me donuts one day for donating money to a kid who was doing relay for life she was collecting for, she asked me to sign a sympathy card for another member of the custodial staff that I had already told her I did not know, and once when my research assistant was leaving me a note on the door that she was going up to her other job but to IM her if I needed anything Lori added a note to the bottom that said "But it don't matter because I'm not gonna do nothing."   I'm not sure if Lori is just one of those naturally friendly people who makes everyone she comes in contact with her friend. From my observation she seems extra friendly to me, but there really aren't many people on my floor to be friendly with. If I am special, I'm not sure what singled me out for her friendliness. Maybe for once someone in an academic building didn't turn their intellectual noses up to the custodial staff. Maybe faculty are generally to late arriving and too busy to take the time to talk with her. I'm not really sure. Though I did notice the other day there were a number of long distance calls made on my phone, that I did not make. Perhaps its not me at all, but just my telephone.  In any case this new friendship has at least gained me unlimited access to all the toilet paper I want.  urlLink  postCount('109088840205415569');