Union 1    My Lover said to me, "Rise up, my beloved, my fair one, and come away.  For the winter is past and the rain is over and gone.  The flowers are springing up and the time of singing birds has come, even the cooing of turtledove.  The fig trees are budding and the grape vines are in blossom.  How delicious they smell!  Yes , spring is here! Arise my fair one, and come away."  Song of Solomon 2:10-13.  I heard a loud shout from the throne saying,  "Look, the home of God is now among his people! He will live with them, and they will be his people.  God himself will be with them.  He will remove all of their sorrows, and there will be no more death, or sorrow or crying or pain.  For the old world and its evils are gone forever.  And the one sitting on the throne said, "Look I am making all things new!" and then he said to me, "write this down, for what I tell you is trustworthy and true." And he also said, "It is finished! I am the Alpha and the Omega-the Beginning and the End. To all who are thirsty I will give the springs of the water of life without charge!  Revelation 21 3-6.   I don't have it too hard,  I am not living in a war zone, I am not on the poverty line, I do not suffer from a life threatening disease.  In many ways I am one of the global winners right now but I can still see a painfully large gap between the promises of the bible and the reality of our world.  We are still living in the firm grip of winter.  We know too well that there is death and sorrow and crying and pain.    The bible seems to promise union between God and Humanity and also between Humans themselves and yet God seems distant too this world and Men seem as opposed to one another as ever.  So what is going on?   And what do we do?   "So the word became flesh and lived here on earth among us.  He was full of love and faithfulness.  And we have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only."      Christmas offers us hope and speaks of a union of worlds.  The word became flesh, God became human, Mr Eternity became subject to our mortality.  So he found out what Human life was like.  Because of his union with us we have an ally.  This gives me hope in our fragmented, dis-united world.  And causes me to keep hoping for the eventual, full, union of God and Man  God became man and grew within a womb.   In those 9 months the chasms between heaven and earth became a little closer.  Because of this we know their is more to this world.  Hidden within the surfaces of this world are deep oceans of eternity.  Nature and Supernature are united and the eternal does beckon us.  Christ stands at the door and knocks.  What is my answer?