... a field, a friend, and a book.  I can't remember who said that or where I copied it from, but it sums up how I feel about reading pretty well.  Heck, I can almost do without the other two as long as I have a good book.  Over at Live Journal, I'm part of a community called "The 50 Book Challenge."  All the members have made a committment to try and read 50 books in 2004.  It's not a competition so much as it is a deal with yourself to try and read more for pleasure.  I'm already an obsessive reader - I'm one of those people who totally tunes out the world for hours at a time when I'm in the middle of a good book - so I set my goal for the year at 125.  I also challenged myself to read more non-fiction.  So far I'm only at 46 for the year so I'm only on pace to read around 100, but I expect to make up a little ground on my summer breaks.  The best part about "The 50 Book Challenge" is that most people post what books they've read along with a short summary and/or review.  Some of the best books I've read this year have been recommendations from this community.  It's pretty nifty.  In addition to posting at "The 50 Book Challenge," most people cross-post their reviews to their personal journals so I'm going to start doing that too.  At the very least, I'll have something to update more regularly that way.  Besides, books are a huge part of my life.  They should probably be a huge part of my journal, too.  To catch everyone up, here's the list of what I've read so far.  Feel free to skim or skip.   Books Read So Far in 2004    Sloppy Firsts  - Megan McCafferty  Absolutely American: 4 Years at West Point - David Lipsky  The Bear Went Over the Mountain - William Kotzwinkle  Second Helpings - Megan McCafferty  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time  - Mark Haddon  Who's Your Caddy?  - Rick Reilly  Prayers for Rain  ­- Dennis Lehane  How Reading Changed my Life  - Anna Quindlen  Life of Reilly: The Best of Sports Illustrated's Rick Reilly   - Rick Reilly  I'm Back for More Cash  - Tony Kornheiser  The Essential 55  - Ron Clark  Wonder When You'll Miss Me  - Amanda Davis  Boy Meets Girl  ­- Meg Cabot  The Time Traveler's Wife  - Audrey Niffenegger  If Loving You is Wrong  - Gregg Olsen  The BFG  - Roald Dahl  Screening Party  - Dennis Hensley  The Westing Game  - Ellen Raskin  The Gunslinger (The Dark Tower, Vol. 1)  - Stephen King  Shutter Island  - Dennis Lehane  The Nanny Diaries  - Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus  Two of Us: The Story of a Father, a Son, and The Beatles  - Peter Smith  The Drawing of the Three (The Dark Tower, Vol. 2)  - Stephen King  I Am the Cheese  - Robert Cormier  The Secret of Platform 13  - Eva Ibbotson  Bloody Sundays: A Rough and Tumble Inside Look at Life Inside the NFL  - Mike Freeman  The New Rules of High School  - Blake Nelson  Alice, I Think  - Susan Juby   The Waste Lands (The Dark Tower, Vol. 3)  ­- Stephen King  We Own This Game: An Inside Look at the Adult World of Youth Football  - Robert Andrew Powell  Wizard and Glass (The Dark Tower, Vol. 4)  - Stephen King  Maniac Magee  - Jerry Spinelli  Confessions of a Cineplex Heckler  - Joe Queenan  True Believers: The Tragic Inner Life of Sports Fans  - Joe Queenan  Monkeewrench   - P.J. Tracy  Peter Pan  - J.M. Barrie  The Sacrifice  - Beverly Lewis  A Drink Before the War  ­- Dennis Lehane  My Losing Season  ­- Pat Conroy  Pledged: The Secret Life of Sororities  - Alexandra Robbins  The Jane Austen Book Club   - Karen Joy Fowler  Live Bait  ­- P.J. Tracy  Last Days of Summer   - Steve Kluger  Down and Dirty Pictures: Miramax, Sundance, and the Rise of the Independent Film  ­- Peter Biskind  The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe   - C.S. Lewis  Found: The Best Lost, Tossed, and Forgotten Items From Around the World   - Davy Rothbart  Princess in Pink: The Princess Diaries, Vol. 5  - Meg Cabot  Now reading:  Wolves of the Calla (The Dark Tower, Vol. 5)  by Stephen King and  Sideways Stories From Wayside School  by Louis Sachar Now playing: "Brokenheartsville," Joe Nichols