so...finally i have some down time.  actually i stayed home sick yesterday so i had a lot of down time, however i spent most of it sleeping and trying to get better.  i went shopping for games for my classroom after i got up at 2:30 pm.  i bought some good ones...mancala, set, equate (not sure how cool that one is), mastermind, cribbage, and scrabble.  all but cribbage and scrabble went to my classroom today.  i can't believe that my room is still not unpacked.  i moved around how it was arranged this past weekend though, so i've been busy trying to put things back into their proper spots.  basically, all i have left to unpack is my clothes...it's all laying in piles on my chairs, bed, and floor.  i'll definitely get to it this weekend (i hope).  i'm going to babysit on friday, housesit on saturday and sunday, hopefully visit with my buddy matt sometime, and maybe see the boys (if they decide to reply to the recent email i sent them).  i went to "intellectual game night" down at olaf last weekend and that was a lot of fun.  i played some new games that i seem to be addicted to right now.  i can't seem to get enough fluxx and i also played princes of florence, which was very fun (and i won!).  i've also been playing acquire a lot here at the apartment.  i'm glad that so many people i'm hanging out with now like playing games.  oh!  while i was down at olaf i ran into my junior year vegetarian hawaii trip buddy ned.  oh, i miss him!  he gave me one of the best hugs ever when he saw me...he actually hugged me like 3 times.  it was nice.  we exchanged phone numbers so hopefully we'll see each other sometime in the future.  unfortunately, he's teaching in green bay right now so isn't very close at all.  anyway, i haven't written for quite a while, but things are going really well.  the apartment is great.  the depression is almost completely gone.  my roommate is fabulous.  i've gotten out and have explored the area more and i'm finding a lot of cool stores.  i've been eating great food and listening to good new music.  i'm getting thinner.  the most important thing is that i'm really happy now.  hallelujah.