To Yarbles  [This is in response to a comment by Yarbles (Sunday, April 25), posted on the Shanism blog as a comment concerning my reading list comment below.]  Dear Yarbles,  I'm not sure exactly what your problem is with me, because your anger seems to be fueled off of more than what I have written on these blogs.  First of all, my  ad hominems  were meant in light hearted jest, because you simply have insufficient basis for the claims you were making.    On transliteration, I've seen both Dostoevsky and Dostoevski, and I was unaware that one was a more traditional error than the other, and thus more acceptable, as you say.  (For saying that I am somehow at fault for using the unacceptable error seems ridiculous to me; perhaps you could justify this.)  In my experience, I've seen Russian names end with a 'ski' more often than an 'sky' anyhow.  I'm aware that you are at least somewhat familiar with the Russian language, and in this, you are clearly more knowledgeable than myself.    As far as my description of  Notes from Underground  is concerned, the fact that my interpretation resembles others could be explained in at least two ways.  First, as you say, I could have copied some other person's idea, in the introduction of my copy, for example.  Or (and I'm certain there are others), these could be my legitimate thoughts on the topic, and they so happened to be like other people's thoughts, because it was an accurate representation.  I chose to read  Notes  because I enjoyed Dostoevsky's  Brother's Karamazov , and have been recommended  Notes  repeatedly, by professors and friends.  I haven't read or heard anything else about it.  My description was not based on anything else.  I'm not saying my description is accurate, but it clearly is not a copy.  You're jumping the gun by inferring that I am some sort of poser.  Concerning my "empty existence" and such, it is something I've considered, but have always rejected, almost with conviction.  I'm not going to defend myself to you; my life speaks for itself.  I'm certain that if you knew me, you'd never make such a comment, and would question the credibility and judgement of anyone who did.    To finish off, I can't help but to think that your comments are childish at best, idiotic at worst.  I may be trying to appear sophisticated, as you say (and which I question), but at least I am not providing outright evidence for the contrary.    To sum it all up in a few words, GROW UP YOU GOD DAMN JERK!  Have a nice day,   Kamran