Today was a tiring day. Finally i got to go kayaking after such a long break. Had a good workout by practising all the rows and different techniques. Also got to know a young, active girl and now got another kayaking khaki liao. Saw the instructor for the 3 star kayaking cse @ paddle culture and got to know that another 3 star cse is coming up. Signed up for it finally. Spent the whole afternoon at paddle culture.   Went Yiyong's hse for hse warming in the evening. Let's analyse this.  Premise A : All girls cant read maps Premise B : I cant read maps Conclusion : I am a girl  Hmm....if premise A is true and Premise B is true, does it mean that the conclusion is true?? Hmmm.....cannot be rite?? hahah......Well I was supposed to arrive at Yiyong's hse quite easily given her directions. Somehow or rather, I cant find my way to her hse. There was a map on the road that directs me to her house but ....somehow or rather i freaking walk another freaking big round to reach her hse. The best part is that her hse is just across the field from my starting point. Guessed thats the reason i didn't join the combat units in SAF. hahahaha.....  I am very apologetic to yiyong for today. Firstly, i didn't reply to her sms on whether i am going anot cos i wasn't sure if i can make it in the first place. I didn't know that i was one of the few friends that was privilleged enough to be invited. She really took me as a friend in her inner, or at least middle circle of friends liao. When she say she invited me becos i was his "DA-ge"....i was really touched. When i was told by KW yesterday tat oni the few of us were invited, i just know that no matter what time my activities end today, i will definitely go to her hse to join in the celebrations....in JURONG...wah liao...sibei far....hahahah To think i can possibly think of the possibility of not attending it in the first place  Secondly, I was rather late in arriving at her hse...Reason 1: I was in East coast kayaking...okie!! my fault. Reason 2: I dropped at the wrong bus stop....okie!!! I cock...my fault again and 3) I can't read maps??? okie...my fault again. She wasn't really angry or wat when i was there even after all these. The first think she asked me when she saw me is " Do you want some food? " hahahah....as usual..such a considerate host. When she saw me sweating like mad (after all the searching for the correct place) ...she brought me a cup of orange juice with some satay....this type of friend where to find???  I sincerely regretted my insensitivity towards her....hiaz....who to blame but i am just such an insensitive guy....hahah...guessed that's me...  Got to know a second new friend for today...Yiyong intro a girl from a church to me and coincidentally she is also from NUS arts faculty. The best part is that she is going to cambodia on a humanitarian project soon....guessed that's where all the discussions come in.   Saw some of PS members there too....Cuiling, Chiak, Mark, Xuling......there are ever so friendly.....very PING MING....hahaha...to think these are a bunch of future doctors...tell other ppl in my clique of friends also hard to believe....hahaha......Guessed this is the reason dont judge a book by its cover. I know where to get my downgrade for NS in the future when they graduate liao...hahahaha  My night ends here....Zzzzz........  Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know