Too Many White Guys Up in Here   Boston sports Blowhard Bob Ryan is being accused of " urlLink reverse   urlLink racism " for saying that Vanderbilt's team had "too many white guys" to advance past Western Michigan in all this March Hullabaloo.   Certainly, it was a stupid comment, but just as stupid is the controversy that has arisen in response to Ryan.  Maybe I've been listening to  urlLink Jim   urlLink  McPherson  too much with his talk of "moral dandyism," but it seems that people tend to be outraged by the same statements on TV that, when stated at, say, Thanksgiving dinner, would only get a collective eye roll.  These statements are equally inappropriate and stupid regardless of their context; what troubles me is this socially obliged outrage that people affect for the sake of the water cooler or the smoking lounge, the "some of my best friends are Afghani," the "lest you think I'm a racist myself, bask in the glory of my indignation," variety of armchair commentary that we are all familiar with.  Because part and parcel to this annoying conflation of "outrage" and "social action" is a more troubling phenomenon: people are more worried about being considered a racist than they are about being one.  Some are calling for Ryan to resign over his comments.  This seems beside the point.  If people got half as upset about institutionalized racism as they did about the stupid, minor, ultimately inconsequential expressions of it that dot the media landscape, we'd live in a different country.    Consider the presidency of George W. Bush; the very appeal of "compassionate conservatism," is it's adoption of liberal rhetoric as disguise for your father's (his father's) Republicanism.  Because the education program is called "No Child Left Behind," it is less of a concern when children, en masse, are left behind.  Because the proposed changes to immigration policy are framed in terms of the interest of immigrants themselves, it is not a concern when the real benefits go, fully and clearly, to corporate employers looking to exploit labor.  Because it is called the Patriot Act, it can suspend constitutional rights.  Because Bush looks and sounds like a mook, he can't possibly be wily enough to dupe us as he has.