I'm a little creeped out by the adds at the top of my 'blog. A rant about the Catholic church has caused "Meet Catholic Singles" to pop up. Not that I have anything against Catholic singles. My husband was a Catholic until it was time for his confirmation and he told the priest that he didn't want to say those things. And the priest said OK. And that was that. I don't think he's been in church since, except to go to weddings.  Eric slept well last night, but he woke up at 6:30 and nursed and chatted for a half an hour before Rich finally got up and played with him. I swear he knew it was Thursday-- the day that Rich spends the morning with him.  I'm always on the cusp of sleep deprivation. I do crave a full night's sleep-- no brief awakenings to pee or to nurse, just straight through sleep. It sounds better than chocolate cheesecake to me at this point. Although last night was entirely my fault. I decided I wanted to finish "A Dark Adapted Eye" by Barbara Vine/Ruth Rendell. But Eric woke up around midnight and I took him into my bed as per usual.  I ended up with about 10 pages left which I finished on the T this morning. He is doing better (knocking on wood and crossing my fingers). I can put him to bed between 7:30 and 8 and not hear him cry or anything until 11 or 12. Last night he wasn't even crying. I just heard him waking up and moving around on the monitor because I was awake. I went into his room and he was sitting up in his bed blinking and rubbing his eyes. I changed is super-wet diaper (which usually elicits sobbing at that time of night, but he seemed pretty cheerful about the event last night). I honestly don't know when he woke me up to nurse -- or if it was once or twice before our 6:30 AM chat/nursefest 2004. He sleeps snuggled up between me and his dad.   I work with so many college-aged men. I see them and think that their parents must have blinked and whoops.. their boys were off to college. This baby time is so brief, so unique. I know we'll have a battle to get him our of our bed at some point, but I just don't care. I love having him snuggled up against me in the night. I know he's safe and loved. And he knows it too. When he sleeps alone, he wakes up and cries and he's disoriented. When he wakes up with us he's happy and chatty. Fortunately for us, he's not a thrasher, he's a snuggler. Yeah.. a snuggler.