You know what I hate more than anything?  Coward boys that, instead of telling a girl that she's not his type, choose to instead completely ignore her and ruin any chance at a friendship.  Yeah, Craig Sommers, that's right, I'm talking about you.  Fuck you.  You talk a good game, all right, but you're just an immature little boy that needs to get over his issues.  You have a lot to learn before you dive into a real relationship.  Go back to your fucking selfish ex-girlfriend... you two deserve each other.  And, considering that she's only 18, you have about the same maturity level, too.  Ok... whew... I feel better now.  That seriously came out of nowhere.  I was just thinking about the nature of the male gender, and it really pissed me off how immature guys can be.  They are really, for lack of a better word, pussies.  Ok, so I'm being a hypocrite... I have, on occasion, completely ignored a few guys just because I didn't know how to tell them I wasn't interested.  But, mind you, these were among the weirdest guys I have ever met.  Otherwise, I am honest.  If I want to get to know you better, I tell you.  If I don't, I tell you that, too.  The only guy I know that has been brave enough to tell me he's not interested in a relationship is my friend Ryan.  When we first met, there was some... well... flirtation going on.  But he was honest with me and told me that he didn't want anything.  So that "flirtation" stopped.  He also said he wanted to be friends.  We are still friends to this day.  So maybe 99% of guys out there should take a manners lesson from Ryan.  It would do everyone a world of good.  I have to get up early to go cleaning tomorrow with Kristen.  I'm tired again, but not tired.  I hate that feeling.  I either need to go buy myself a bottle of wine, or some Sominex.  I wish they sold wine in the grocery store, like everywhere else.  New Jersey is so backwards -- we don't pump our own gas and we have to go to the liquor store to buy beer and wine.  Plus, they don't have Geico here.  So I can't save a ton of money on my car insurance.  Well, bed time.  Maybe I'll have some more juicy rants tomorrow.