Last night, my wife and I had a small argument. It wasn't anything big - we didn't even raise our voices - but it was enough to put me off of my game today. I have been cranky to everyone pretty much all day. I hate when I feel like this. Thankfully, Cindy (my wife) and I were able to sit down this afternoon and have a nice talk. Last night's discussion never even came up, but it helped just to have a cordial conversation.  I didn't get as much done today as I would have liked (isn't that always the case?). I went to pick up my class sets of novels from the distributor, but he didn't have any of them in (even though he specifically told me to come pick them up today). Instead, he told me they won't be in until late next week. He's a very nice (and talkative) guy, so I guess I don't mind waiting.   I was able to start my website and am very excited to announce the existence of  urlLink www.misterwoods.com . It won't be up for a couple of days, which is good because I haven't generated much content for it yet.  I also got some reading in and competently picked up my children from their respective camps. I haven't done my Bible study yet, so I better do that next.  This afternoon, I dropped by the school. I was hoping to run into Ms. Furnari (one of our assistant principals) to talk to her about getting a different textbook for my Freshman English class. Registration was going on, so it was a terrible time for me to "pop in." I never did find her and didn't bother asking around for her because I was sure she was very busy. Still, it made me stop and consider myself and my status. I wonder what the administrators think of me when I come to them. Are they at all happy to see me or do they think that I am just one more problem for them to deal with? All of them are wonderful at their jobs and always treat me kindly and with respect, but I can easily imagine them cringing whenever they see me approach. I wonder how I can fix that? I would love to have a better relationship with all of them, but that takes time and that is one thing that I already think I am taking too much from them. We'll see how this year goes. I'll be able to be more involved this year and hopefully that will lead to better relations.