Okay today kind of sucked ass.....But I guess thats what you get for being me! Oh well....I think that I am going to have to take math over again!!! That sux major ass...I didn't get this far just to fail it...AGAIN!    Link for science class sorry if I don't post it I'll forget it! http://www.alternativephotography.com/process.html  Anyway, I had a great day other then that! I think that the word assosciation needs to end no more...I was getting too out of it......I was thinking too much...I hate it when I get that way!  Yeah the other day when Ryan left us alone.....I think things got a little too intense...I mean for the enviroment and the circumstances...I thought that all of it in general was amazing but not there and not then...it wouldn't have been the right time...I don't know when the time will be but it will happen...I hope..... (yes baberz I hope it will)  The things that he said to me today made me fill with so much happiness I thought that I was going to explode......    sorry again..... http://www.alternativephotography.com/process_forgotten  I want to believe everything that he says but my heart wont take it for what it is........I know why it wont but I wish that I could get past that....Who knows...yeah UmmMmmMmmMmmMmmM so I don't know what to say...Thats just typical me right there.....BLAH!!  Baberz, I don't know what I would do without you. I don't see me without you...I believe that in my heart I truly do love you, with that all I am and all I have. I will never lie, I will never cheat, I will never betray you in anyway. I want you to know that. I know that you have reasons to have hesitation with this but it's all true. I know that I have these hesitations as well.... wich is why you can understand my constant asking of reassurence...That's all I need.....Is reassurence that you mean what you say and things like that. I hope that this lasts a long time. I want this to work I really do. I know that you do to. But we must admit that not everything lasts forever. We have to realize that.....Which means that we must work at it.......We can't just expect it to work just like that.....I take everything day by day and take it as it comes. That's just the way I work. if thats a problem please tell me. Do you think that if the circumstances would have been diffrent we would have let things go alot further? i think that it would have, but i still don't think it was the right time. But at least it was better timing then the first attempt or consideration.....(I Guess thats a way to put it)  Yes I am listening to that song again. I can't help it. I can identify with it so much its undescribable. Why so much I don't know. Man........I am really tired and its only 8:04 pm and I shouldn't be tired. But as you can guess I am over at my G and G's but.....I can't use the phone or email. I basicly i can't have human interaction. I really did want to call my baberz....But no0o0o0o0o0o my parents had to say something!!!! Girrrrrrrrrr......Thats makes me so pissed!!!! I hate that......Oh well....At least i can earn some money tomorrow...that way I can buy some more thongs..........(maybe lime green) *laughs* Anyway!!  We are not countries. We are not nations. We are not religions. We are not gods. We are not weapons. We are not ammunition. We are not killers. We will NOT be tools. Mother fuckers!! I will not die!! I will not kill!! I will not be your slave!! I will not fight your battle!! I will not die on your battlefield!! I will not fight for your wealth!! I am not a fighter!! I am a human being!!  Yeah that song just ended!!!!! I love that song!! BLAH its the truth too......... Blah.......... Ima go now...I still have a lot of work to do.... I'll post some more tomorrow!! Love you always and forever, Love, TwEaK  *chases imaginery tail......running in circles....sits and watches the stars circle around her head......laighs.......flips you off......goes "pbbbbt"......does the whole bridge thing with her back......screams in pain because of her wrist......does it again anyway.........(the image fades away)*