um this is a really long entry soi you had better read the whole thing...just kidding. i don't care if you read it or not. ok! starting from last week: Thursday-- Went to school(10-3.30), went to the beach(4-8pm) and hung out with my baby cousins at the playground while my brother, uncle, and older cousin went out inthe water.pretty boring day Friday-- I went to the summer arts camp because paul had to go to new mexico to see his amanda. It was okay..I basically just sat there all day and I talked with taylor, so that was nice. I forgot to bring a lunch(which is kinda good because I dont need to be eating a lot anyway) but taylor and little jenny shared some food with me. Um, after the summer arts camp I came home and got my stuff ready to go to alyssa's surprise party. I got there at 2.30 and helped decorate. Then alyssa got there at 3.30ish?(i dunno but it was after 3) We hung out a while and I watched the other girls dance. Then we went in the pool but nobody wanted to play anything except for me, alyssa and rina. We were trying to get everyone to play marco polo but the other girls just wanted to play "throw the ball until it drops"(?!) After we swan we danced some more then ate pizza. Oh and I was eating so much candy. Alyssa's mom put the candy "away" and I went in the kitchen and got a handful..it was kinda funny.well, not really but anyways. um alyssa opened her presents and then we ate cake. Everyone was trying to light the candles it was so crazy. while one person would light one candle, another candle would gt blown out. Meanwhile, I was eating a tootsie roll and I bit the inside of my cheek--my cheek crunched really hard, and I stuck my finger in my mouth and then when I pulled it out there was blood on my finger. I started crying..because I'm a baby like that.*tear*Turns out I gashed the inside of my mouth it really hurt but then alyssa's mom had me put this nasty tasting stuff on it (tea tree oil, ick!) and I kept on spitting it out...um later we watched win a date with tad hamiltion(although I didn't see the whole thing) and I left at around 12am When I got home, I went to talk tomy brother and his friend and shared some candy with them(like the jolly ranchers, ick) Tyler tried to call rina - "to prank call her" even though he was using my phone but she didn't answer. um, then I ended up staying in my brothers room until 3am talking to my brother's friend, while my brother was sleeping. Saturday-- I went to my neightbors house at 8.45 to babysit a 6yr old and a 9 month old. I stayed there till 12noon. um afterwards, i came on the computer and I think I went swimming at my grandpas but I don't really remember Sunday-- I don't think I did anything in the morning. I finally got to sleep in(I woke up at 10) and I just hung out at home all day. At 8 I went to rehearsal with Miah and Aliyah and learned a really pretty dance(my favorite so far) and we got done at about 10pm. Monday-- school school school school and guess what...more school. I stayed there from 10-5.30 so that was a late day. um when i go home i was too tired to get ready for ballet so i ended up not going, plus i didn't have rehearsal on monday. Tuesday-- Woke up at 9.45 to a phone call. my neighbor wanted me to go swimming with her, her two kids(the ones i babysat for), out other neighbor, and my sister. We went to the jcc(jewish community center) and swam from like 11-1. As you already know my suit broke as I was diving off the diving board.I also got a bad sunburn under on my face and on my back.Um, after that i went online and talkig to alyssa and rina in the chatroom then I went to ballet at 7.30 for rehearsal and i got done at 10(we were supposed to get done at 10.30)I'm glad Daniel let us out early. I think I went to sleep at like1 last night so that's  good. Wednesday-- woke up at 9.30. my mom had to leave to take my brother to get hockey stuff and also to the dentist. Plus the drywall guy was supposed to come. err at 10am Michael(the 20yr old twin I like(my neighbor)) came over and asked for tyler. i told him he was't there so he told me to tell tyler that they were going to subway then to the beach wehn tyler gets back.Uggh I'm such an idiot! I was still in my pjs and I didn't even brush my hair or anything yet and he was at my door for like 2 whole minutes with his perfect face and style and uggh*liana smacks herself* I hate myself for not being a morning person. I really should get a picture of him because he is really cute and from what I know he is a lot like me. as his mom puts it, we are both like "a squares trying to fit into a circle" because we both want to fit in?! I guess in your language it would mean we are both nerds who want to be cool and are tired of just being ourselves. Oh and Michael was talking with my mom abut me one day and he was like, "yeah I can understand why Liana donesn't have a lot of friends. I'm the same way" Eeek! that is so cool. oh and guess what..when he was home for spring break last year, he made a song for me on my phone and also gave me his cell phone number...psh like i would ever have the guts to call him, . I just wish I stayed friends with him because when  we were younger, Tyler, me, michael and matthew(the other twin) would all hang out and play nerf and hide and seek and video games and other good stuff but then as the twins went away to college, we didn't see them anymore but now that i's summer, tyler hangs out with them all the time. Jeeze i should have asked Michael if I could have gone to the beach with them today*liana smacks herself again, this time even harder...ow!, "idiot, idiot, idiot"* ok enough talk about my crush..wait a minute..woo hoo i have a crush now. yeah right like i have a chance..here lets face some facts: he is 20...im 15...he is 20...um, er I'm almost 16. isn't that illegal to be going out with someone who is over 18? wait so that means if I do end up going to college, I wouldn't be able to have a boyfriend because most college guys are over 18?! crap my life is really screwed up right now. oh well *"okay, liana. come back to reality"* um today I stayed home until 1.13 to be exact. I went shopping trying to find a swim suit but there were only crappy ones so I didn't get one but I did get 4 shirts with writing on them. shirt 1. "California Girl". shirt 2- "I'm a keeper". shirt 3-"save the drama, for your mama". shirt 4-"It's hard being perfect all the time." um i got home from shopping at around 6 so i had to rush getting ready for ballet.I  had class from teresa from 6.30-8. it was nice having class from her. then i ahd rehearsal from 8-9.30ish. I stayed until 10 just sitting around waiting for daniel to tell shannon, miah, laura, nad me what to do. my mom got me taco bell for dinner-which i shouldn't have eated but oh well then i watched a little bit of tv...then came upstaris to my room where I have been since 11.45 and im still awake. I wonder if i should just stay up all night?! I have to go to scholl at 10 so if i do go to sleep, i'll end up getting like 4-5 hours of sleep because i still have to write a civil rights essay right now. anyways...i probably won't write back for a couple of days. ok night night oh and excuse all of the spelling errors..i am too tired to edit this entire entry. UNFORTUNATLY, *sigh*, I am a Virgo. (Also known as "Virgin") My Horoscope starts like this: " Virgos posess all the charm of an rhinoceros and the brains of a rabbit. They are petty and greedy, annoying and argumentative. Virgos' lack of knowledge and imagination makes them unberable for colleagues and difficult for family. " ( urlLink Read more )