So today was my second day looking around Cambodia.  It was up and down but ended on an up.  So I'm peddling out to the middle of nowhere to see some temples.  First it is hard as fuck to find these temples for some reason.  The maps are all fucked up and there is construction going on so you don't know which road is which.  Anyway I've pretty much given up and I'm going to go back to somewhere that I can find when my bike throws the chain.  For those of you who don't get it, it means it broke.  Well shit I'm way the hell out with a broken bike.  Luckly I didn't have time to get too mad as some kind drove by me hauling a perfect trailer to put my bike it.  Of course he is the one kid in Cambodia who can't speak a lick of English.  But it's good b/c someone else helps us figure it out.  I pay him $2 to haul me back to town to get a my money back for the bike.  $2 bucks is a fortune by the way.  He would have probably taken fifty cents if I'd tried.  But I didn't have the time or the inclination to argue.  So I get back and get my money back for the bike.  At this point I hail a guy and pay him $4 to drive me around for the rest of the day on his motor scooter.  This is the way to go.  I think he would have taken less too but again I just wanted to get the show on the road.  Anyway we got on our way and the rest is history.  I think I'll have someone drive me around tomorrow.  These guys will drive you around all day for $5.  That's crazy.   You know for Cambodia this computer is pretty good.  I'm not sure what I was expecting but it's fast and seems to get the job done.   Thanks for the advice Becky.  Everyone I meet is trying to sell me something.  I'm getting ruder by the day.  People just come up and try to start conversations with you in order to feed you something.  I couldn't care less now.  If I have another person offer me a cold drink I think I'll scream.   I will say this I don't mind parting with my money so much in Cambodia when it comes to people who really need it.  I've gotten what I believe to be a pretty good idea of what shit should cost and I don't mind paying what would be considered a fair price.  I think this is b/c I see how these people have to live and work.  So when I have to pay a dollar or two to eat it's not big deal.  This is a lot of money in Cambodia by the way. Becky where are those hot girls you were talking about in you blog when you were here?  I haven't seen that many.  Granted I've been out and about in Angkor and all the women I met are sweaty and trying to sell shit.  I might dip into a local bar tomorrow and see what's going on.  The last day of my pass is tomorrow and then I'll spend Sunday looking around the town.  I think I'll split out of here on Monday.