Hey people! I bet you guys have missed me!lol  My life has been a bore lately so I had nothing interesting to ad in...except for like hi..lol and that sucks... who would go to my blog just to see my resent post just had the word hi in it... I know I would  be P.O.ed ... waste of time... anyways! lol  MY nephews are over they are sleepinga t the moment.. they are sooo adorable they are 4 and 5 the oldest is hunter and the 4 year old is bassy (short for sabastian) I will post a picture ASAP of them and my niece... she is a doll...  HEr name is pheonix... the poor kids.... my brother and his wife picked...like  cartton name for the first two and then a city for the girl...lol cartoon(hunter  felix  jacobs) and ( Sabastian  Lee Jacobs)... OMG I just realized I cant remember my nieces middles name............ OMG I feel horible.... I am an idiot..... lol... I am taking the boys to see shrek 2 tomorrow they are sooo excited as soon as I got off of work today they started jumping around about me taking them to see it.lol  ash might come too tomorrow so that will be cool. They love ashley..lol since hunter  started talking every time he was at my house he was always wanting to talk to her on the phone..lol... he is soo cute...lol he has a girlfriend...lol 5 and doing better then I am ...lol but he is proud of her...lol  I go  what does she look like? " a girl" is she pretty? "yes"   how do you know her? " I meet her" Where? "at her house" Is she your friend? " no she's just my girlfriend.." lol    and then I started laughing and he was like What you laughing about? I said him and he goes oh did I say something funny? and like giggled...lol ... god he is adorable.. I wish I had him as my own...lol Well anyways..work was fun today.... kinda...lol.. I mean I stalked...hehe...stalker...lol .. today was shippment day.. so I spent the whoel time empty totes and filling the shelves... but we finisehd JUST in time...  ooo... we called in our penis enlarger...lol it is so sad... we will miss it....lol but I helped out....kinda.... but hardly...lol  move around the condoms...lol we have some funny ones ...lol..like flavored condoms and sented condoms...lol... my friend tracy said... must be for if they get hungry after doing it...lol.. I love my friends...lol...man I am such a pervert...lol.. maybe I should get on meds for my problem...lol... I can almost always twisted a person words around to make them sound dirty... lol... OOOOO! I got my cosmetic name tag in! ... I am sooo excited...lol...sadly enough... I love being a beauty advisor..lol.. it is fun. but I put on the black smock and  the name tag and I felt so happy...lol I like ran out and showed everyone...lol.. I am so proud of it....lol now I am just waiting for my own black smock! ..then I will be complete..lol.  Well anyways... that is pretty much all for now... cant think of anything else at the moment.. I will see if I cant find that  picture of my nephews and niece and post it...Loves and nites Loves Sheila