Watched Shrek 2 ....fantastic!! It was supposed to be 6 ppl in the grp watching the movie but saw a few other familiar faces when i reach the theatre....including jennifer my "long lost" class mate cum vice-chairperson in sec school. Glad to see that she is doing fine now. Seem so fated that so many long lost friends will always get united again after so many years. Thru her, knew tat some of our former classmates are happily married and doing well too. When is my turn to be happily married? I wait , and wait , and wait.   Was talking to the gang on many topics and suddenly we were talking about volunteering for the sake of volunteering. Personally i dont believe tat a person help others for just only the sake of helping others. There must be some personal objective involved no matter how small it is. But it takes alot of courage to give most of urself to help others. Question of the day posed to me was by Joanne. "Will you leave Singapore and stay in Cambodia?" A definite NO was my answer. I may like that place alot but i have to acknowledge that Singapore is still where i belong and where i can make full use of myself.   Jones went on YEP a few yrs ago and he also points out that we Singaporean students are not actually helping them. It was in fact the other way round where the locals are helping and taking care of us. I would agree that it was very true....especially since his project was an infrastructure building one. Money is the best way to help in this sense not students who are unskilled. This is exactly the reason i chose Project Sangkhim over other infrastructure projects cos it can help "more" and we promote the spirit of learning and skills training. Nevertheless, we are learning more from the locals than us giving and helping them.  He also commented that YEP is a true experience not to be missed. Guessed participants of YEPs shd agree on that. P  Had a long chat with jones on Camps and various activities while we were walking home. Tapped on his experience in his previous camps. Recapped some of my own experience when i was young. A very enriching talk. Can see that Jones is still very passionate abt outdoor camps. Everyone have their dreams and i hope Jones can pursue his dream. I am relatively new to these new camps and outdoor activities. Thus will try to explore it even more.   Zz...... Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know