gosh, there are so many things i wanna do this summer. suddenly, i'm so interested in learning different things. well, i'm already gonna take up karate and i want to take guitar lessons. i also wanna learn how to skate. maybe i could also take swimming lessons, i mean, i'm already 13 and i still don't know how to swim. how pathetic am i? maybe i should take up those algebra classes kuya attended before he entered high school. i do suck in math big time so it may be of help. i even want to take dance lessons in the school nearby. that was my first choice by the way. but of course, i can't take them all because, face it, we're not rich. it's just because i feel like a loser around my classmates who excel in other things besides school. that's the only thing i'm good at..and complaining. well, being good in school alone automatically makes me a dork. cool...i'm a pretty dork...whatever...  well, i guess i'll just take karate and maybe guitar[sana! i really want to!]. but come to think of it, i think i'm only interested in learning how to play the guitar because jammi knows how to. whatever, an extra skill won't hurt. but that's kinda like peer pressure isn't it? well, even if it is, i'm pretty used to it so what's the difference if i gave in to this one? at least i like this unlike the work i had to do back in gr6.  "back in gr6"....gosh, i can't believe i'm already a graduate of the grade school. it's been almost a month and i still can feel the uneasiness of change. i get the feeling it isn't really that bad. everybody's shocked of sudden change. like going to a new country. you'll be an ignorant stranger to a whole new realm like you were just born. it bites a lot that when i was starting to have a blast with my classmates, that's when we depart. what is scaring me more is that everyone else seems to be moving on except me. i feel like my skills are up to this point and no more. it's like i'm forever a 12-year-old and they're all turning 14. i've been noticing it with the lame poems i wrote recently. i dunno if i'm just out of inspiration or i just really suck at it or some students really are better than me. when i think of the last reason, it makes me realize how boastful and proud i am. wow, like that's new.....anyway, i'm just not satisfied with what i write so i don't write anymore. i dunno why i'm not inspired on top of all the things that has been happening to me. i want to write something metaphorical like the works of shakespeare although i haven't read his works, those of which i've heard sounded interesting because he mixed things up but still made sense. unlike typical me,. a very literal "poet".   "it makes me so sad, i feel so uninspired....."-bic runga [sway] this is the perfect song for me.   man, if i was talking this out to a friend, that person would've walked outta me on the second paragraph. i sure talk a lot....write a lot.by the way, i plan to change [and may God help me on this]. i want to be stronger, in terms of emotion. i cried a lot this year so i need to work on that. i need patience. my patience can only last 20 minutes and there's a lot of work in high school so i really need that. i should work on my wisdom. not that i have any....wrong, i should work on my practicality. gosh, i really need to focus on that. honesty should've been first. because i am a big fat liar. lastly, i need to work on my social skills. especially, my relationships. my God, if daryl and i fight over the same issues again, i'll snap! i'm actually more relaxed now a days because daryl  much" and "i miss you". i think that's why we fought easily, because we were too sweet. but those were the good times.... yeah, i miss those. but i'm also kinda happy that it's gone...sort of...ahh! i'm so Goddamn confused.  whoa...i've been "swearing" a lot lately...in my blog, i mean.........whatever..... maybe I should try thinking deeper the next time I write. You know, have my own philosophies and theories about stuff. Maybe having my own words for stuff will make me a little more unique…not that any one can be more unique….kinda hard to say but easy to understand. And maybe if people would here a side of me with more depth, they’d see that my “beauty” is not only skin deep.[ooh, gotta work on that one, too]. Hey, it sounds like jammi’s got a fan. Me! Is it me or am I trying to be like jammi? First guitar lessons then the “deep thing”. Hahahahaha……that can be a good laugh….jammi’s crush[oh, I so wish for that!] is his fan. Eewww…..fan sounds gross. Admirer sounds better. Come to think of it, it’s the same! Whatever!  Man, this heat is driving me mad! I can’t believe how much I’ve written. Well…that’s enough foolish banter for now. There’s always next time to whine about my stupid life. How much more when we go abroad?? Oh my God! I’m gonna end up in “crapland”!......good…wahehehe….