The Italian National Basketball team is currently defeating the USA National Basketball team by a score of 41-35 at halftime. This is not a fluke either. The whole reason being that the Italian team has the willingness and ability to shoot from the perimeter.   The USA, arguably the most atheltic team ever, is inexcsably walking the ball up the floor. If they do this during the Olympics they will not get higher than 4th place. You see this team was inexusably assembled no perimeter shooters. Of course, international rules permit basketball to be the way it is supposedly to be played with actual zone defenses allowed. So the Italian team has shown this throughout the first half. And the USA team was responded with clank, clank, clank.  Another problem is with the rotation problems. There is no way anyone can argue starting Lamar Odom, Allen Iverson, and Stephon Marbury over Carmelo Anthony, LeBron James, and Dewayne Wade. Allen Iverson and Stephon Marbury are virtually useless with a zone defense on them and another person on the bench, Shawn Marion, is just useless everytime he steps on the floor. Brent Barry or Ray Allen should have been invited over Shawn Marion.  The whole reason why the first and the second Dream Teams were so dominant is that they would push the ball up the floor at every opportunity. They knew that they could score on anyone in the open court. Of course that was when the NBA was watchable. Now the NBA is forced to play some game that lets players take four steps to become open, but yet cannot score with any regularity.   The EuroLeagues on the other hand are what true basketball should be. Everyone on the floor can shoot. The all defend reasonably well. All the players on the team actually have skill instead of just "upside" and jumping ability.  If the Detroit Pistons played the champion of the Euro League Finals, they would get their asses handed to them. Plain and simple.  I am sorry if this does not interest anyone, and/or if this does not make sense, I just needed a place to vent.   5:00 left in 3rd : Italy up by eight Although USA has finally figured out in the last three possesions that by pressing the action and going on a fast break offense works against a less athletic team.   Start of 4th : Itally still up by eight. USA had it down to four, but this Versilly (don't know how to spell his name) guy drained two straight threes. This still looks like an upset.   8:24 left in 4th : Italy now up 13. Being a cynic, I now see China, Lithuania, Germnay, Serbia and Montenegro (Yugoslavia), Italy, and Spain as better teams than the US. Hurray, for 7th place in the Olympics.   5:00 left in 4th : Italy is running away with it now, up by 21.   Its Over : 95-78, nevermind about 7th place,  I am beginning to wonder if USA can beat ANY country (we only beat Puerto Rico with this current team) in the Olympics.