Wow,  Perpetuity...  what a word.  I think Mom has reached a new level of made up words  She is forever coming up with words I've never heard of, much less know the meaning of.  But no, really,  perpetuity  is really a word.  It means:  1:  ETERNITY  2:  the quality or state of being perpetual [bequeathed to them in ~]  3: a:  the condition or estate limited so that is will not take effect or vest within the period fixed by law  b:  an estate so limited  4:  an annuity payable forever.  ((And for those that don't know::  Perpetual  means continuing forever.)) [[Definitions courtesy of  Merriam Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, Tenth Edition ]]  But ANYWAYS (exclaimation point) Mom made this comment about having an in perpetuity of evidence that I smiled at graduation because they video-taped it with a cam-corder.  I had ZERO clue what she was talking about (exclaimation point)  I still think she's a geek, even though she's tried to explain it to me several times now...  We went down to my granny and grandad's house so the boys could do some yard work for them.. the borders of the yard were starting to look like jungle greenery (exclaimation point, exclaimation point)  Daddy is getting so tired, so his sugar is getting low.  Mom had to go take him some Pepsi.  He's going to overwork himself, as usual.  Well, at least he won't be able to give me a lecture because I didn't come... because here I sit in front of a computer with dial-up, eat your hard drive internet (AKA AOL) and I'm typing away on this weirdo keyboard (the keys are separated half way down and they stick... and there's tobacco juice on the one key... it's so gross I'm not even gunna hit the key... I did before by accident and my finger stuck to it... EWWWWWWWW (exclaimation point)  (( This would explain my use of (exclaimation point) rather than the punctuation mark. =op ))  But whatever.  I'm trying to think of something that shows perpetuity for this issue, though the length of it should suffice, right Jonathan?  Maybe if you ever get on here and look at this stuff, you might decide you want to get added, and you can blog on here, too.  I'm going to ask Caitlin if she'd like to when she gets back from GU, so if you decide this would be an easy way to communicate with us while you're off in Charleston, my dream home city, *gRrRrRrRr (exclaimation point)* then ya' can just let me know, right? Right, right (exclaimation point)  The font on this computer is so much bigger than the font on my computer at home that it's throwing me off.  They don't have the little clock in the corner either, and me being the geek that I am, I'm skiddish around clocks that aren't digital, so I've been scouring the room for one since I got here, only to realize there's  one  ... the digital reading on the cable box has the time on it... yay (exclaimation point)  Well, I think that's enough for now.  Much luvn you guys (exclaimation point, exclaimation point)