dude, what a day...  so sunday margie and i went to church and then to see "brother bear" and otherwise putzed around and ran a few errands... it was a good day, and "brother bear" was pretty quality. =)  favorite comical line? kanai: ok, that's great, how about we just NOT talk, ok? coda: ok! then i'll sing! (intro into best song of the movie...) =)  favorite "moral of the story" line?  kanai is a human who hates bears but was turned into a bear, looking at a mural on a cave wall of a hunter with a spear and a bear, coda, an actual bear, comes up behind him coda: those monsters are really scary kanai: yeah... coda: especially when they have those sticks (it's all about seeing both sides of the story...)  dude, if only life had cartoon simplicity...   today, margie hung around campus all day while i had classes and then we had a good time for dinner at tgi fridays at the newark airport just before her flight... since then, i've been unmotivated to work on math, so i worked on printing out my christmas letter -- all 107 copies of it =P... only my printer was not being so agreeable... out of 120 sheets i tried to feed it, 13 came out messed up, but alas, it's done... =P... dave beagley suggested i threaten to turn it into a toaster, but apparently my printer doesn't succumb to threats... threatening to make it a microwave didn't work either...  mostly i think i was so easily irritated w/ the printer and so focused on that for the past several hours because i'm pretty irritated w/ my dad at present too... anyone who's talked to me in remotely recent history knows my famous mantra "oh i love my dad, we just get along better when there's a few states between us"... this is sooo true... i talked to him yesterday just fine and we had a nice chat... same the other times i've called home or vice versa this semester and while i'm away at school in general... tonight i called because i had asked him to have my brother call me last night and ryan never did call back... when i asked dad, "so could you have him call me *tonight*?" he got all annoyed with me as if i was asking the impossible and it was rude of me to ask that two nights in a row... whatever.. eventually ryan called to chat, but with dad periodically audible in the background "you're behind on your chores, why do you have to talk on the phone?"... i hadn't talked to ryan in the better part of two months, and it was super frustrating to end the chat with dad cussing at him in the background, him cussing back where i could hear him, and me pissed in general for having to deal with them... gotta love family...   random that i started w/ brother bear... i have no idea how to start looking at the flip side of the coin on this one though... if i had even a clue, maybe dad and me wouldn't spend so many hours yelling when we're actually in the same place at the same time... it's funny b/c people comment offhand sometimes when i relate dad stories that people fight because they're sooo similar... i hate that comment because for just about as long i can remember, i've been trying *not* to be like dad... i mean he has his qualities i respect, but he's also one of the most hypercritial people i know... pretty sure i've taken that and am super hyper critical towards myself but try (and think i succeed?) not being so much of others... when things don't go the way he wants them, he gets mad, starts yelling, and blames everyone else... when things don't go my way, i get mad, start beating up inanimate objects, and blame myself... dude, i've internalized my dad... that's great  on that note, i'm going to vote that i'm too tired to really be making sense right now and you can take the previous paragraph at whatever level of seriousity or joking you want....  in like 38 hours i'll be in pittsburgh =)  night