Yesterday I watched President Bush lean on a podium, cock his eyebrow the way he does, and ask Senator John Kerry if he would have gone to war knowing then what he knows today. Mr. Kerry responded to that question saying that he would have given the President the authority to go to war, however he would have done such things as exhausted his options with the weapons inspectors first and would have build a true international coalition. Mind you Senator Kerry’s decision is based in part on having actually served in a war zone, took enemy fire, made decisions under fire, and received wounds in war.  It seems like whenever President Bush and Vice President Dick ‘Deferment’ Cheney question Senator Kerry’s policy or votes, the Senator usually responds in some way. Now I have a few questions for President Bush and Vice President Cheney and since they’re not real good at answering questions:  1) Mr. President, why did you resist appointing a commission to look into the 9/11 tragedy and then why did you and your administration not easily and full cooperate with the commission early on.  2) Why you have to be shamed into appearing before the commission and only relented to appear if Vice President Deferment could appear with you?  3) Why didn’t you and Vice President Deferment swear on a bible to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? By not agreeing to swear doesn’t that give you a license to lie?  4) Why are you not bothered by someone in your administration outing a CIA agent? That’s against the law; are you and yours above the law?  5) Mr. President, why didn’t you go to war with the adequate troop strength as suggested by the Army Chief of Staff General Eric K. Shinseki?  6) Why did you invade Iraq without completing the invasion of Afghanistan by extinguishing al Queda?  7) Why did you let Osama Bin Laden go at Tora Bora?  8) Why did you send American men and women into a war zone without adequate supplies?  9) Why is your Coalition of the Willing made up of over 80 percent of American forces (140,000 versus 27,000 forces)  10) Why have the casualties been overwhelmingly American (over 88 percent)? Wait, I took math in school – I think I can answer that question.  11) Mr. President, why didn’t you take the medical physical you were required to take in order to be allowed to fly during your ah hem, military service in the early 1970? By not taking the physical you were disqualified from the piloting duties you signed up to do, thus costing this country thousands in wasted training dollars.  12) Mr. President, where were you doing those months that can’t be accounted for in your military records? Without a solid, straightforward accounting many Americans believe you went AWOL – don’t you care?  13) In a debate against Vice President Gore in the 2000 election you said that your tax cut would be targeted toward middle and lower income Americans. But the richest Americans received the bulk of your tax cuts. Did you Flip Flop?  14) Your administration wrote and lobbied for a prescription benefits bill that costs $150B more than it was advertised. Why did your administration threaten the job of the person who had the real cost figures?  15) Why are prescription drugs primarily more expensive for senior citizens now, after your Prescription Drug Bill was passed, than before?  16) When you said you would fix the educational system in this country, why did you offer an unfunded mandate based on testing, rather than addressing the multitude of issues surrounding education in this country?  I plenty of more questions, however I think it take everything you have to answer these 16. Get your research staff and spinmeisters working on these – I’ll have more for you at a later date.