"sometimes, the hardest thing to see is yourself." -hysterical blindness  my bro and i were watching HBO last night and this came up in a commercial. it hit me hard... very hard. it's so bold and so true. damn, it's the best line i've eard in a while. i guess, at this point, i should already engrave in my soul that i'm the protagonist and the antagonist at the same time in this "man vs. himself" plot of my life. [wow, that was weird] but, hey, at least it's not a "man vs. the world" story. hehe..... i just wanted to keep that line in mind because i think it will help me in my meaningful self-transformation.i really want to change. i want to be myself. i think i'll be more satisfied with my life if i live it the way i like. i mean, that's the reason why i hated life. besides, i can't live in the real world as a puppet. i should be able to take my own actions.  daryl and i had a talk yesterday. not really a talk but more of a phone call. gosh, there were more lapses in our conversation than there are pimples on my face. i'm starting to think that maybe what i told jammi about daryl losing her "best friend essence" is true. anyway, i just found out that she's really pissed off at jammi and i don't know why. she said if she sees him again, she'll hit him.....god.....it's like everyone's against us and slowly, they're just mad at jammi. i bet they won't believe me when i say we're only friends. hey, i'm kinda good in lying so maybe they'll believe me. i should just make up something. like how cute tito rod is so they'll see i'm really that attracted to jammi. i even told daryl yesterday that i kinda didn't wat to talk to jammi anymore. on the contrary, i wanted to talk to him so badly. god, i miss him.  tito cocoy arrived from zamboanga yesterday. he didn't mention anything about jammi or the phone call thingy. i'm kinda worried he won't allow me. man, i'm gonna rebel. hehe... he brought home so many seafood! ice boxes of shrimps [yum!] and squids [uh.....yew...]. but, hey, it's healthy anyway..