Well hello there! After a fairly uneventful week, last night saw me cutting some rug at Academy 2 for what seemed like my first gig in YEARS, but was only a month after the last one. Here's what I thought:  Despite being Welsh, first support When Reason Sleeps made a fairly good effort at getting the crowd going with their very "emo" scream-sing-scream-sing dual vocals and chirpy onstage banter. Unfortunately the Academy crowd are less than receptive; the attitude towards the support tonight is not an open-minded one. In the crowd's eyes, they are simply wasting time and energy, because they're only here for one band: Lostprophets. Not that this deters WRS- they produce a solid 30 minute set, and finish with on a suitably emo note: "slit my throat and hope this funeral never ends". Ouch.  Eden Maine, we are warned by WRS, will "scare the shit out of some of you". Imagine the collective "huh?" that goes round the room when 5 unnasuming yet fairly hairy men take to the stage. I expect great things of Eden Maine after their ominous introduction; I am sorely disappointed. Eden Main are tuneless, chaotic and sound totally unco-ordinated. After the 10 minute-long opening track, the lead vocalist (I hesitate to use the word singer)Adam Symonds mumbles, totally out of breath, incoherently into the microphone before launching into another 5 minutes of out-of-time screaming, unnecessary shouts and uninspiring instrumentals. After the previous pitiful attempt at speech, the band make no other effort to communicate with the crowd before they wander offstage, out of breath and out of fans.  After this disappointing start, the atmosphere amongst the audience is now so expectant that, should the 'prophets underperform, a riot might break out. Thankfully, the sheer showmanship and musical quality of the band is so stunning that a riot is far from everyone's minds. On a cramped stage, in a tiny venue. under such pressure to live up to their image, Lostprophets performed as if they were in a stadium: songs from the forthcoming album "Start Something" sounded polished and were well received and "classics" (singer Ian Watkins' words, not mine) from debut album "The Fake Sound Of Progress" were played with total confidence and imagination. The crowd surge backwards and forwards and often drown out Watkins with their singing, especially on debut single "Shinobi vs Dragonninja". The 'prophets finish with current single "Burn Burn" and leave us breathless, stunned and gagging for the new album. Roll on January...  AND OH MY FUCKING GOD I TOUCHED IAN FUCKING WATKINS!! *screams girly scream and faints in girly manner*  Ceff x   Wanna do whatever, laugh until September...