What's goin on with moi  Hey All. Yah this sounds like a selfish post--haha, what is going on with me. Well, not like I"m gonna boast about myself or anything. I'm just going to put down what I know simply, without being too ostentatious or even making stuff up. So here goes. Mmmm..well it's still summer here. Yes, about two months of summer still to go. I have been busy nonstop. Been doing research for my masters since March. I won't mention much of what it's on, because honestly it's unpublished data, and heck what if I lose my idea. Yah I think all of you reading this are stealers...okay maybe not, but just googling what I'm doing research on will give my blog as a place to visit, and ya see what I'm doin, and here ya go, great idea. And with the technology my uni has, heck whoever reads the idea will have it done way before I even get my hands onto to writing or publishing a data. Haha, call me selfish, but I'm not. My advisor honestly warns me not to be too open about my research as we both plan to publish it very soon, and heck you all know what I mean!!   Ahhh, what else. Well, when I'm not doing research, I'm busy teaching a class. Yes teaching again, I feel that's all I ever do. I'm teaching or acck TAing is more like it, I'm TAing Microbiology again. I do love it way more than teaching general biology which absolutely was too much for me, as I'm no expert on the whole of biology, but only in Microbiology or so as I like to think. Well maybe not, as my superior who helped me out, he could outwit me anyday!    Mmmm...I've been busy studying, as if I'm not doing enough stuff. Yah, studying for entrance exams for doctoral programs, I shall be applying this fall to at least 8 schools. I think I have a pretty good chance of getting into a lot of them, or so I'm thinking optimistically right now, but again, time will tell.      I just can't wait to be done with this fall semester, when my research will most likely be complete, my admissions papers to most programs will be in, and my hard hard fall semester classes will be done! Then in the spring, I'll be at ease taking easy classes and only only writing my masters' thesis. Anyhow enough about me, I do sound selfish now, I'm talking all about ME!!!!Okay, no more.   Next post will honestly be back to the normal posts about what bugs me! hahaha...but had to explain why I have not pasted online in such a long long long time!! later later y'all....