Mum... 
Mum, who's in her mid-70's, is still not going so well. She's lost a whole lot of weight over the past 12 months, and now her energy levels have fallen to almost zip. In all seriousness, I'm not sure if she's got the emotional stamina to last until this Xmas! It's not as though she's had a bad trot... dad died 8 years ago, and she's had a wonderful life since then, full of life and energy. I guess that's whats so hard to see - her loss of strength. I mean, she's not even strong enough at the moment to go to the shops! My brother drives past her place twice a day to-and-from work, so he's keeping an eye on things with her. He's a medical person, so he can keep me informed what's really going on for her healthwise, apart from all the jargon.
 
  My brother... 
My brother and I are finally reconciled - after about two or so years. We've both been thru a ruff trot, but now the past is in the past, forgiven and forgotten. He's my only brother, and I don't want him out of my life anymore! Thankfully, we've been having a wonderful time just hanging out together recently, which is something we haven't really made the opportunity for us to do. It's a really positive vibe for me, to be friends with my bro again - you have no idea what a sense of  relief  it is for me.  
 
  Michelle's engagement... 
Michelle and her b/f announced their engagement last month. I'm actually very happy for her. The boys love him, so that's just fantastic.  My philosophy  about it all is: happy mum = happy boys. So, if Michelle's happy in her life choices, and it's a positive for the boys, then there's no reason why I can not be happy for them all. Good luck to them, really! The weddings' taking place in September. They boys are going pretty good, apart from winter cods, they're basically pretty happy. School seems to be a positive experience for them, and it's still a buzz for me to see them getting into the school bus to get home! They seem so grown up - Alex is 5 1/2 already! 
 
  Laffs... 
Listening to the radio has been a bonus lately. I must be getting old, when you start willingly to listen to ABC Radio National! But seriously, they're playing my 2 favourite British comedies,  The Goon Show  and  Hancock's Half Hour.  Of course, it's on at a ridiculous hour of the morning (5.30 in the bleedin' am!), so I set the alarm and tape 'em. Yeah, the shows that've been on recently have been ones I've already got on tape - from years' ago! aint it always the way?! lol  But some of the Tony Hancock stuff I haven't heard before (I've only heard about those episodes), so that's been wonderful. 
 
  Sleep... 
You know, sleep is one of those things you don't realise how much you need until you start missing out on it. I haven't been sleeping well at all over the last few weeks. Actually, I've been up all hours, and not getting out of bed until like after 10am! D'oh! I've felt tired, but not sleepy - does that makes sense? Not sleepy enough to sleep. Plus I hate just laying in bed tossing and turning trying to fall asleep - blech! I'd rather get up and read a book or something than just lay there. And it's not as thought the brain is going into overdrive in the quiet hours either (unlike it used to when I was first separated!) Nah, it's not as though I'm wrapped up in thoughts or philosophical considerations at 2am or anything like that - gawd forbid! Just wish I could feel sleepy when I was tired! Oh well... the joys of it all!  
 
   Birthday... 
I'll be turning the big four-oh in three weeks' time. You know, as a youngster, I never had a mental concept of what being 40 would be like! So, this'll be really uncharted territory (no pun intended!) for me emotionally and psychologically. I know I'm not 25 anymore (D'oh!), but I don't really feel 40... I dunno how to describe it anyway. That's OK... I'm fine with it, really. Physically, I'm starting to slow down a bit, and things and little bits of me aren't cooperating as much as they once did, but in the main I'm going pretty well, really. No major health problems, just the old brain is a bit tired! 

  urlLink Email  / 
  Pic   /  urlLink Go back home