oh my god. i was just fooling around on my blog site, trying to think of something to post today, and i just happened to click on the view blog tab. AND IT WORKED! it's seriously about time the korean government let us view this site again. man that is some crazy shit.  on an unrelated topic, i'm sick and tired of foreigners around me who treat this job like a real job. i guess if you are new to the country, you might think that you are actually here to teach, but spending any time here (or reading practically any message boards on the topic) you'd realize that your job is hollow. it just pains me to watch some other teachers working day in and day out on their lessons. this is not to say that i don't do work for my classes. on the contrary, i always have a lesson planned and i'm one of the few teachers that actually plays games based on the lesson i'm doing that day. however, i do not place all this value and worth into this job to make myself think that i'm really working and teaching. the children really don't learn anything. all they are taught here is to memorize and regirgitate. that's it. i sometimes can see improvements in my students, but most of the time they are dumb as posts.  also, you have to consider that the vast majority of people here do not have education degrees (and some with no degrees at all). it's not like they are educated to teach. so pretty much, a monkey could do this job. a complete idiot could do this job. idiots do get fired in korea on occasion, but i've seen a large amount of morons working here who don't do anything for their classes, and they have no problems.  all i'm saying is, for those of us that work here, please don't be beaming with pride at being an english teacher in south korea, because you're not a teacher, and your students don't learn english. you are the token minority member of the large company that has to pose in all the pictures with the boss. you are overpaid for your work. you are not treated as equals to the native teachers around you who have to actually try to teach and prove that they are trying to teach. you are for show. if you really want to work as hard as you can, and try to make the best impression, go ahead. just don't think you're something that you're not.