i love traveling... yay...  11 comments on that last one.. i was so excited i was like OMG ppl miss me but noo they were all from Sheila.. still not sure how that happened lol.  anyway i was having a bad day when i posted that last one! it's been much better recently. we went to canada to see the falls from that side it was interesting.. kinda.. sure. it was wet every where, i'm soo tired of being fully clothed and wet it sucks. plenty of boys haha. apparently my appearence bothered some and i had one little old lady look me up and down and give me a look like i was a tramp. so funny. i found my mounty! haha he was a little plastic but that's ok. i'll post pics once i get them developed.   we went to the beach yesterday. it was fun. but since the water was warm the fishies decided to have a little fun.. and there were like sperm lookin' things in the water and we over heard somebody say it was jellyfish eggs.. it was soo nasty. i spent 20 mins in the shower trying to get them out and another 20 combing out my hair. we stayed in Bayville, NJ with my great aunt and uncle. i went to vinnie's new resturaunt. he had a baseball shop awhile back, then it became a deli, then he sold that. and then they moved and he opened a ice cream shop, that became a deli in the winter, and now it's a resturaunt. he took that over for a friend of his who got sick.   we went to the boardwalk today. more boys! haha. i got a henna tattoo, it looks pretty cool i need to take a pic of it before it fades.. after that we went to somerville, nj which is where i am right now. we're staying with my aunt and uncle.   being back east brings back so many memories. like daddy going to dunkin doughnuts on sunday mornings and getting john and me a box of doughnut holes.. we would throw them at each other trying to make it in the others mouth. and usually it just ended up with ys covered in powered sugar but it was fun. and then there was the boys and me begging my parents to let us go to friendly's at the mall and getting ice cream. ahh the good ole days.