i've been feeling nostalgic the past few days.  i miss people...even bad people that have hurt me.  in particular, i miss my ex that cheated on me with my roommate.  i thought that he'd be one of the last people i'd ever want to see again during my lifetime but i've been reminiscing about all of the good times we had.  he used to love doing things i liked to do...bowling...hiking...camping...cooking...etc.  his family was also so similar to mine and he is the only person i know that could relate to what i went through growing up.  he was also a really good kisser, and i sort of miss that as silly as that sounds.  i remember arizona...and mount lemon where we went hiking and he picked all of those wildflowers for me...we reached the top and because of the elevation we were both having trouble catching our breath but we managed to climb on top of a boulder where we sat overlooking the city and he kissed me.  it was so beautiful.  i also remember stalking the javelina by his apartment and staring up at the starry sky while we talked about our childhoods.  i remember watching the wedding singer...once and then again in french with spanish subtitles...only the second time we didn't catch much of the movie.  i haven't been able to watch that movie again.  he always made me feel so attractive too and i felt like he really wanted me.  we both had so much passion.  i remember going to perkins a few weeks after we had broken up where we just talked for a long time and he apologized for everything and told me how much i meant to him and how he was forever going to regret ever telling me that he had cheated on me since i wasn't able to forgive him and he lost me.  we both cried.  we got back to olaf, sat in his car, and just like 2 high schoolers we made out in the parking lot in the freezing cold then walked back up the hill holding hands.  only we both knew it was a mistake and didn't end up getting back together...instead he kept sleeping with my roommate.  i will never forgive her.  i don't know why i feel like i can forgive him...and why part of me really wishes that we were still friends...especially since he hurt me so much.  he has permanently scarred me and i know i can't really forgive him...i still miss him at times though.  actually, i'm not completely sure i really miss him or i miss what we had...  i miss dave too.  dave and i had so many great conversations...it felt so right.  it's really too bad we never dated because i think we would have been excellent together.  but no, he had to end up being a bastard too.  he emailed me a few weeks ago and one of my housemates talked me out of replying.  now i wonder if i should've emailed him.  i think he's the only person that i've felt incredibly comfortable with and who understood me.  we really did have the best conversations...i miss those days at the coffeeshops...and going on walks...  ah, and ned.  my vegetarian punk buddy that i met on my trip to hawaii.  we had become so close.  we would have been good together too.  even if we never ended up dating we had potential to be best friends, but then he graduated and i only saw him once during the next year because he moved back to wisconsin.  i should try emailing him...i think he's in the cities again now.  i also miss one of my old high school friends that i haven't talked to since summer between my sophomore & junior year of college.  he kept ditching me to hang out with his new girlfriend and didn't set aside even one time during the summer to see me...so i stopped trying.  he im'd me new year's eve (although i wasn't around) and told me that he wished for things now forgotten to be forgiven.  i wonder what he's doing now.  time has changed so many people, myself included.  i hope time has been kinder to him than it has been for me.