First off, I'd like to apologize for the recent lack of photos. My last couple of entries (and this one) do not really necessitate photos, and I don't really care to post  random shots . I guess I could have put up a picture of frothy beer ickiness, but who wants to look at that?  Ok, one random photo to keep things on the up and up.   urlLink    This is me, smashing your ugly mug in Trinity-style on Halloween.  urlLink     What a great excuse to use that picture.  The news is that I'll be flying to Mexico City in two days. My mom and I are taking a special little bonding vacation together. 'Cause nothing bonds like pollution and  pickpocket chicanery . In seriousness, I'm looking forward to absorbing the vast amounts of culture that appear to reside in D.F. For instance, the ever-trendy Frida Kahlo museum will definitely be a stop on the tour for us. If only they had monkeys hopping around.  My one concern is that I don't speak Spanish. I thought that maybe I knew enough to get by, but then I realized that all I know is food words. I can't direct a cabdriver, ask for the check, or  spew vitriol  at a subway groper. Funny, since I might as well have majored in shouting invective at people, but I haven't learned such choice words in any foreign languages.  So yeah, I can rattle off a couple dozen vocabulary words pertaining to how I'd like my tamarind juice or what kind of sauce I want with my shrimp, but I know next to nothing about structure and grammar and things that tie nouns together (like, oh, verbs). In fact, it took years for me to shake off the peculiar and random perception that "habla" means "have." I have heard that in Mexico City, it won't be too hard for me to get around. Yet, I still feel like an  ignorant American  for not having a halfway decent command of the language in the country I am visiting. It's particularly shameful when I think of all the Americans who bellow, "Learn ENGLISH!!" to unsuspecting tourists and immigrants. But I guess I wouldn't get a mind to  move  to Mexico unless I knew a fair amount of Spanish.  The worst thing is, I tend to get confused and start speaking other languages when I first get thrown into a foreign language situation. A couple of years ago, on the plane to Japan, I answered a flight attendant's question with "si." Then, the other day at a taqueria, I accidentally ordered three tamales using "san" for three instead of "tres." If I remember correctly, I would do this with  Italian  and Japanese too, when I was taking Italian in high school. So not only will I sound like an ignorant American, I will sound like I've lost my mind, speaking Japanese to the Mexicans.   I wanted to let you guys know that I won't be updating until at least Monday, when I get back. By then I will have some pictures of beautiful Mexico, and I will be sure to post them here to make up for the recent dearth.  Lastly, I want to say hi and thanks to the JET people and others who commented on my last entry. Can you believe the tragedy; those were my first comments ever! I'm glad to finally have proof that some of you are reading this. Meanwhile, not a peep from the people I actually know in real life  *hint* . That's okay, I will remain strong in the face of blatant disregard and abandonment.  Hmm, maybe I'm feeling too ludicrous to write right now. I'll take that as my cue and sign off. Everyone wish me luck in Mexico and keep your fingers crossed that I don't get kidnapped!