feels more like a year  went to sleep at 1am then... 6am: woke up, got my act together 6:45am: left intent on getting to starbucks to get frappuccinos for both me and leigh 7:30am: frappuccinos in hand, picked up leigh at her house, helped her pack my trunk full of her luggage, drove her to the airport 9am: arrived back at my place, after driving to newark and back 9-9:30am: actually got my act together for the day (the first time was mostly getting my eyes open and my arms and legs convinced they could move before 9... this time was for real =P 9:30am-11am: did laundry, did dishes, organized my life, balanced my checkbook, etc. 11am-noon: played chauffer for eric (and his friend misty who was visiting) so eric could mail some stuff home, run by the bank, etc. being without a car as he is noon-1pm: played phone tag/etc. with scott 1-3pm: had a sushi party at my house (memphis jenny had sent me a startup kit for making my own sushi... scott, ben, and vicki came over and helped with the endeavor (highlight of the afternoon for all was scott taking a shower with my punching bag -- don't ask) 3-3:45pm: cleaned up the sushi party 3:45-5pm: helped eric finish packing up his apartment, moved everything that his aunt hadn't taken to philly on sunday to my car 5pm-5:45pm: moved half of the stuff we had just put in my car into my place (to top off all this moving stuff it's been in the mid-high 80s all day, my room isn't air conditioned, and amanda refuses to turn on a/c in the rest of the apartment) 6-6:30pm: drove eric to newark airport, both of us singing billy joel songs the whole way and chatting quite a bit 6:30-7pm: drove back to my place 7-7:30pm: sorted through all eric's stuff to decide where to store it for the summer 7:30-8:30pm: waited in the most stupidly long lines ever at walmart to pay for lots of travel-size toiletries 8:30-9pm: other misc. errands 9-11pm: packing... ate the leftover sushi rice for dinner  now, finally, i think i'm about ready to crash... i at least have clothes, maps, and film figured out... the rest i can make up for on the fly if necessary... i hope.  so excited to see people... i saw roommate and alliswan both just 2 months ago, but they both visited when i was swamped with work; even if it's just for a day each, it'll be fantastic to get to visit without being incredibly stressed out at the same time =)... i saw most of the valpo people i'll see just back in january, but i'm excited to cheer for the graduating ones (and of course to see the non-graduating ones too =P)-- it'll just be an exciting time to be on campus, albeit a little bittersweet -- last time i was there for graduation, it was mine, and nicole was there too; i have a feeling those memories will be around a bit too.... haven't really visited with tammy or heather schaefer in person since last may, so it'll be extremely good to get some quality one-on-one visit time with both of them too =)... haven't seen memphis jenny since christmas, it'll be cool to see her corner of the world now... saw heather miller at the funeral in sept., but not really visited with her in person since then; from the bits i've heard from her in the last few weeks, this year's been really good for her academically and deciding what to do with her life-wise, so it'll be great to see her and chat a bit on what all she's up to... also, haven't seen jenny lemahieu in 2.5 years -- since she left for haiti with the peace coprs; now that she's back, we have a standing date to go chat at the dunes at some point over the weekend and discuss the finer points of life, the universe, and everything -- that'll be really good too. =)  yeah, in summary... it's gonna be a lot of driving (good thing i like that), and also just a really good time to catch up with people for a bit... it'll be great, all around. =)  now, to finish off my apple juice and get me some sleep.  night y'all! =)