We have taken it alot easier today. We turned up at rehearsals last night only to find that nothing was ready yet. Us Koori's we have our 'Korri Time' well the Greeks here they have Greek time, ie the Olympics arenas not finished yet with like two weeks til the games atcually start. So anyway, Emma and Allan didn't get to have their sound check last night, we waited for ages, but the Greeks were working on their own time, things were supposed to be ready at 5:30pm and when 7:30pm came around and nothing was finished ie the stage, lighting, sound, we all decided to go back to the hotel and have dinner.   Our cab ride back from the museum was something we would not forget. The taxi driver was playing dumb, and trying to take us around the whole world, acting like he never knew where he was going, anyway, we came up to a street and he couldn't get through, there was police and army people everywhere. The taxi driver ordered us out, and said that their was a demonstration on and that we had to walk now. We barely knew where we were, and then all of a sudden we hear these loud screams and chanting going on. We started walking up the street, there was so many police everywhere, Emma was freaking out, we held each others hands, as we watched hundreds of people match the street, angry their voices. We didn't understand a word what was going on, and we were too scared to ask anyone. Today at our hotel we found out the march was a protest to the US embassy in regards to the war in Iraq.   The night ended quietly, I had sore feet by the time we got back to the hotel, it was again another early night.  Today we decided to take it easy. We had a quiet breakfast, and I watched Al iron all my clothes, pretty impressive he works good, ha ha, I train him good, jokes. And after that we headed down to the markets again for some more shopping. Wait til you see all the jewellery Al bought me. We walked around and then met up with the rest of the crew for lunch with Jennifer Bott who works for the Australia Arts Council. Lunch was great, we went to a great restaurant near the Plaka.   This afternoon Al and Emma are just practicing at the hotel,  the exhibition starts at 8:30pm. I am just about to go and ready, dressing up for the night. Jennifer told us that channel nine and channel seven are here from Australia, and that Cathie Freeman is sending a video message, and their is going to be lots of Australian Press, so I have to be looking the goods for the media, ha ha.   We are off on a cruise tomorrow to visit the islands of Agena, Poros and Hydra, they are fairly close to Athens, we would have loved to travel to Myconos, or Santorini, but time won't allow us, I think it is 6 hours ferry to Myconos. I am just excited to head to the beach and have a swim.