This weekend was so much fun, I went to San Diego with my brother and my dad.  We went to the beach, and to Tijuana.  It was great!  I didn't want to come home.  I need to live somewhere closer to water.  I've narrowed it down to either the Bay Area or San Diego.  Come November, I'm moving to one of the two.  Cop is really making an effort since we had that talk the other day.  He called me yesterday on my way home to see how my trip was, and then again today to see how my day is going.  I have to give him a lot of credit to try to make such a fucked up situation work.  I definitely feel for him.  So on Saturday I get a really weird message from Fireman.  He called when I was in San Diego, and said he was thinking about me and wanted to see how I was doing.  Things that make you go hmmmmmmmm... so, I call my sister to see what's going on with him, and sure enough, he broke up with his girlfriend.  I didn't tell her he called because she would just throw a fit.  She likes to think she knows what's best for everyone, and likes to try to indirectly control other people's love lives.  So I definitely didn't want to mention the call to her because I didn't want to hear anything she would have to say about it.  I'm debating whether I want to call him back or not, nothing can really come of it because we live 1300 miles apart, but it would be interesting to talk to him.    Mama's boy also called me last week to try to make me jealous.  He said that him and his off and on (19 year old) girlfriend are getting back together.  He said that she wants to adopt his 6 year old daughter, and be the female role model in her life.  I laughed so hard I almost choked when he told me that.  The whole thing is just rediculous, but the only person I sympathize with in the situation is his little girl.  Her mom has never been around, so her grandma (mama boy's mom) has been raising her, and now he wants this 19 year old girl to adopt her?  Ay ay ay!    Ok, I have an hour and a half left of work, then I can go home take a shower get in my PJ's and watch my Netflix movies until I fall asleep.  Oh yeah, and hold Cop's little baby...=) I missed those little ones so much this weekend!  I don't know what I'm going to do when we move in November and I don't have them around anymore. =(