Had a good day so far.  Went to class, and talked to instructor about what I can expect from the Commercial graphics program.  Frankly, I didn't know the difference between the graphic design program, and the digital media program.  She told me that the difference is that in SC the graphic design program is more helpful for doing print jobs.  I could do brochures, and posters.  All that type of fun stuff.   With the digital media I could go into multimedia and design more internet content.  She also told me the pay is better for multimedia, and the jobs are better outside of SC.  I can expect better pay, a deeper challenge, and a lot more money.  :-)  Now that I do have a stronger focus on the digital media program, I can focus a lot stronger on it, and make my primary goal to graduate on time, and get me a good job!!!!!  I was coasting through the program, trying to feel my way through, but now that's over.  I'm sticking with the program, and I'm gonna do better for myself!!!  I can see myself finishing and challenging myself to come up with new ideas.  The world is open to me.  I can go into game development, or educational programming.  I'm heading down the right track!!!!  The Lord does deliver clarity to those who ask for it.  :-)  Co-worked absent today.  She's under the weather.  She sounded fine last night, but that's all it takes is overnight stuff.  Flu's going around.  I hate that.  I manage to get sick every semester.  Can't let that happen this time around.  I hope she feels better.    A friend decided that she wanted to purchase Dreamweaver/Fireworks even though she has no idea how the programs work.  I think she may be feeling left out 'cause she's not taking classes.   I have a sneaky feeling that she'll be asking me a lot of questions on how to operate it.  I also think she tried to rub it in my face that she was buying the software.  It's the way it came out of the blue, and was mentioned.  I'm feeling waaaaaayyy to good to let her disposition to affect me.  I'm not answering her questions though.  LOL.  She's not popping up to ask/show me her Dreamweaver/Fireworks problems either.  LOL.