Oooooooooooh what a great weekend!  I went to San Jose to spend the weekend with my brothers.  Well, on Sunday, FBI shows up at my brother's house because my brother invited him to go to my cousin's bbq with us. =)  He and I started hooking up over a year ago.  It happened the first time on my 23rd birthday, a VERY drunk 23rd birthday.  It was really weird the next morning when we first realized what happened just because he's been a friend of the family since I was born.  He's 33.  He's also my brother in law's, and my brother's best friend.  Anyway, so that's the first time it happened, and it's happened many times since.  My brother was a little pissed off about it at first, but he's used to the idea by now and it doesn't seem to bother him anymore.  Actually, on Sunday night, when we got back to his house, my brother threw us two pillows and one blanket and goes "here you guys, here's so you can make a bed."  I was surprised, and happy that it obviously doesn't bother him anymore.  I think he realizes that FBI is a really great guy, and I could definitely do worse.  So, anyway, FBI shows up and we go to my cousin's bbq.  It was so much fun.  He also taught me the "correct" way to stand, and shoot a gun, I'm really starting to get into shooting so that was awesome.  The reason I'm so attracted to him, besides the fact that he's hot, AND in the FBI is because he is the biggest gentleman I've ever met in my life.  I LOVE that!  There is nothing in the world better than a true gentleman.  When he's around, I never have to lift a finger, or ask for anything, because he takes such good care of me.  He's always asking if I want a drink, if I'm hungry, if I'm comfortable, if I'm hot or cold.    When we were driving home Sunday night he let me sleep on his lap and he just ran his fingers through my hair, and rubbed my back.  That night, of course, we had lots of sex, (it was great this time!) ;) and it was really cold, so he held me all night and kept asking if I was warm enough.  We woke up at like 7am, had some more sex, cuddled some more, then he had to leave to put new flooring in at his house.  So, here comes the hard part... this occasional hook up is great and all, but every time I see him I like him even more (if that's possible).  He got divorced about a year and a half ago, and really isn't looking for a relationship at all.  Ugh!  Why do feelings always have to get in the way???  Ok, so, We talk on the phone occasionally, so I've been thinking about calling him and asking him to go to that wedding with me at the end of the month, but I'm scared to.  I don't know why, I'm sure he'd say yes, but I'm just nervous.  I'd like him to go with me mostly because he's so fun to be with, he's friendly to everyone, he loves to dance, he's just great.  And second, wouldn't it be funny to see marine's face if I brought Mr. HOT FBI??? ;)  Now I just need to grow some balls and ask him!