Things that make you go hmmm      I will be the first to admit that today has been quite a strange day. Not really sure why but hopefully my posts will return to things you actually care about and this is the first step in regaining a little focus.  Anyway, I was navigating my way through a certain internet site and came across the question what do you hate the most about Japan.  One quite witty (I must give credit where credit is due) individual wrote:   1st world prices 2nd world housing 3rd world mentality     Now I will be honest...I laughed the first time I read it but then actually started thinking about it. There are many things I have come to love and hate over the past 9 months.  Yes, Japan is quite expensive, apartments/houses have paper thin walls, no yards, and no central heating, and many things occur here just because that is the way it has been for years even if there might be a better and more efficient way.  However, perhaps these are the things that allow us to then see all the really unique, fascinating aspects of Japan.  And perhaps these things are part of what sets Japan apart from the rest of the world.  Yes homogeneity can be a bad thing, but Japan is now a country that offers a great deal that can't be experienced anywhere else in the world.  I think the trick with truly enjoying and coming to terms with life in Japan, is not to compare it to anywhere else because you really can't.  I have tried to break Japan down into smaller more comprehensible parts that one would think would then go back together to create a whole image.  Unfortunately, I don't think that is really possible with Japan.  It is probably a country that I will never understand completely and probably never could even if I lived here for years.  So again I return to what I have said many times before, Japan is just this incomprehensible place, a bit majical and mystical at times, but a place within which one can find happiness, rich cultural traditions, and a life different than one that can be experienced anywhere else in the world.  I think it is time to stop breaking things down into good and bad terms, but to just smile and accept things the way they are because  THIS IS JAPAN !