It's not all concrete!!!       Having lived in Japan for a significant amount of time now, I have come to seriously dislike concrete.  There is just way too much of it here.  Having already been to Nikko, Okinawa, Matsushima, and Kyoto, I was well aware that there are some really beautiful places in Japan.  Fortunately, I can now experience nature at its finest in my area.      With spring comes the cherry blossoms.  If you think the leaves changing in the fall are really beautiful, you would find the blooming of cherry blossoms incredible.  As the cherry blossoms are only in full bloom for an incredibly short amount of time, everyone heads outside for drinking parties under the trees.  Yes,   everyone!   The kind of funny thing is that parties begin early in the morning and go late into the night.   On Saturday night after the wine tasting, somehow Kristel, Sharon and I ended up on a train with a bunch of Sendai-city Jets and we were heading away from my apartment.  We then got off at Tsutsujigaoka and realized that before heading to the park, we needed to stock up on a little more alcohol.  We spotted the trusty 7-11 and because of course we had not already had enough wine earlier in the evening, we bought a bottle with a nice screw cap and a stack of cups.  As we were leaving they gave me a hard time because I picked out the cups that were 40 yen more expensive but later they realized my wisdom when they witnessed how nice it was to distinguish who had what based on different color cups.  4 years at UW definitely paid off!      When we arrived at the park there were people everywhere! We had made some Japanese friends (very loose definition of the word friend - Kevin, my friend from Jamaica started dancing when reggae was coming quite loudly from their car) and as we made our way through the masses we saw a half empty tarp with the reggae guys sitting on the other half.   How we lucked out I have no idea but it meant we all had a nice place to sit and enjoy the cherry blossoms.  Yes, you can enjoy them even at 11PM.  Unfortunately, our night had to end a bit on the early side as Kristel and I had to catch the last train home because Sharon had been sick all week and therefore her apartment was not going to be the best place for us to crash.  I am still not sure what made Kristel and I get on the train that night but I am definitely glad I did!