Did you really think I was going to name my blog the most unlucky number of them all?  That's like asking for a bad day, no spank you!  So, I got a letter from Army last night! =) It was so weird, on my way home Benz called and asked if I wanted to go to dinner.  I said yeah, even though I was dead tired, because I love hanging out with him.  So I went home took a quick shower, then he picked me up and we went to T.G.I.Friday's.  Lots of fun as always, then he drops me off and I was thinking I had to check the mail.  Usually, I'll let it go for a day or two if I'm too tired and lazy to walk across the complex and get it, but yesterday something was telling me I had to check it.  I had a really strong feeling I would get a letter from Army, and sure enough!  I was so excited!  So i open it up right away and start reading it while I'm walking back, well it turns out that he sent that letter the same day that I sent his care package (another weird coincidence), so I still don't know if he got it yet.  Anyway, he talked all about the weather there, and he described the combat he's been in, just trying to give me an idea of what he's going through.  At the end of the letter he told me basically to seize the moment, and if there's something I want to go after it.  It's not really like him to talk like that, so it kind of had me thinking.  Little does he know that he's what I want!  I would love to be with him.  But it's kind of hard when he's all the way across the world.  So anyway, after I read the letter like 10 times I started watching the dvd I got from Netflix called " urlLink 21 days to Baghdad ", it is so good!  Then Cop's wife and the 2 little ones came over, so I scooped up the baby and held him for pretty much the rest of the night.  I love holding him, and talking to him.  He looks at me like he's following, and understanding every word I say.  Every once in a while he coos like he's talking back to me.  It's SO fun!  We can sit and do that for hours and he never cries.  Man, I can't wait to have little ones of my own... some day. ;)  Ok, it's probably time to get some work done... see ya.