I'm going to take up this Blog with some personal observations on being a single father to two little girls.  I want to rant today because of a comment that was made to me while I was out, and needed to get it off my chest.  :o)  Firstly, I was surprised at the amount of prejudice that surrounds the fact that I have custody of the girls. Many people that I've talked to openly believe that children should be cared for by the Mother and not the Father. When asked why, the usual reply is, that Mothers offer more affection and patience. The fathers are generally and typically placed back in the role of the food gatherer/hunter. Work to support the family but doesn't add any emotional support.  I think this generalization is far off the mark in today’s society. Men are far more in touch with themselves, and women have taken a far more prominent role in the work place, and there are many more single parent families where the men have taken custody of the children.  Although men tend to be less emotional and more logical in the way they approach problem solving, this doesn't necessitate the fact that they can't show love and support to their children.  Dating is another problem. You would think that at the very least being a single parent should earn a modicum of respect for taking up the role and responsibility of caring for the children. It has been my misfortune to have met some pretty shallow individuals who don’t want a man with children.  Generally, they have their own and aren’t looking for more.  This leads back to the fact that more women have custody of their children, due to this most of the single woman I have met have children, and do not want more children. So, this limits the field dramatically for someone like me. Those that are open to the fact of embracing children into their lives sometimes become resentful of the fact that the children generally are the priority in my life. A jealousy builds and soon the relationship ends.  I’m not interested in dating much anymore, now I’m looking for some companionship and the start of a modest social life.  One in which I can be comfortable with friends and enjoy a good conversation and laughter.  Dating is the most dehumanizing, embarrassing, humiliating experience I’ve had the misfortune of having.  I now prefer the online dating scene, where I can first screen those that interest me, and choose to speak only to those I believe are mature, good natured, caring, and intelligent.  Although, I don’t intend to date much at this time, I do wish to meet some new friends and this is the best way in my opinion.  Well, that’s my rant for today as far as being a single parent and the experiences I’ve had so far.  Tomorrow, I will be more positive with my post.  I wanted to rant today because of a comment that was made to me while I was out, and needed to get it off my chest.  :o)  Remember, Life starts the moment you start to enjoy it.   RLB