Blogitis?  I started this blog partially because the Mississippi Teacher Corps thought they might decide to require it (but then they changed their mind and made it optional), but mostly because my college roommate M who lives in DC (www.MindCity.blogspot.com) started one and was starting to apply peer pressure. A few days after spelling my blog address for my mother she told me that she and my father both had started one each (www.AliSign.blogspot.com and www.mikeschuchs.blogspot.com). Who is next? Gran McLean? Shona? Granny Schuchs? Marianne?  Mrs. Ann? Ruth? Emma? Iain? Jared? Kati? Granpa McLean? Aunt Ruthie? James? Only time will tell where this dreaded disease strikes next. I am not sure who I would place my money on. I would be surprised if James does it. As much as likes reading mine (to see what I say about him) and looking at the Coffee House website (to see if Mum has posted any new pictures of him) he is pretty good at resisting peer pressure (if it involves writing).   Queen of Procrastination for Life  Tonight they are crowning the new Miss. Mississippi. She (who probably also went to Ole Miss and either majored in Education or Journalism) will get to keep her title and crown for one year, my title lasts for life and can never be revoked, even if my roots start to show! I am staring a 15-page paper (a reflective journal on my experience this summer as a student teacher) in the face. I know if doesn’t sound that bad since it is supposed to be based on my experiences, but since it is for a grade, that means there are right and wrong answers. So as self-appointed Queen of Procrastination for Life, I am sitting here writing a blog (that is no longer required for my program), drinking a sugar free mocha frappuccino, and listening to music (so I don’t feel like I am by myself). It is funny how even something as simple as a cup of coffee can make me miss Carrie so much. James is wiring up a pool for one of his bosses today. Today is the 2-year anniversary of our first date and so he is taking me out to eat tonight. It is amazing how much can change in just two years.  Withdrawal symptoms  This is the first weekend James and I have not made the trek to the Coffee House in almost a month (since Kati’s graduation). It feels funny not rushing off to anywhere. I sort of feel like I am on vacation (but then this 15 page paper bites me on the leg and reminds me I am not). I hope the jet ski, the fat cat, Bosco and the fish don’t miss us too much this weekend. I am looking forward to spending the 4th of July on the lake! I just hope the rain stops by then, I am starting to get paler than Mum! I can’t wait to see what the food nazi is going to cook! I like going home. It is one of the few places you can go where people cook for you and clean up after you, well besides a hotel, but you have to pay for that! Just kidding, I also miss seeing my parents, pets and collection of stuff ever so lovingly stacked in about 10 huge plastic boxes sitting in my bedroom.   Places to go, people to meet  Well as much fun as this has been I now have to go e-mail y’all the link so you can’t complain about how bad I am at keeping in touch! Then I have a list of other things I need to do (before starting on my homework). The coffee has finally kicked in so I might actually get it all done before my date tonight.