not a cheesy post title, -- that's the six flags park we attacked yesterday, and man was it fun!  you'd expect going on a holiday weekend on one of the most perfect weather days of the year we'd have spent the day waiting in line the whole time, but not so much :-P  ben, scott, and me met up at 10:30... waited for sarah to join, but she never showed, so we headed the 1.5 hours away to six flags great adventure (jackson, NJ)... me and scott and ben... trouble :-P  my first priority was to go on a ride that goes upside down (really this isn't hard to do :-P,  it just meant we needed to hit up a rollercoaster first... =) )... anticipating long lines, we were surprised when we waited all of 10 minutes before getting to ride the "scream machine"... best part is -- i didn't scream... i laughed the whole time and ben (who was sitting next to me) wondered if there was something wrong with me as a result =P  after that, we rode superman... this ride took more of a 45 minute wait and i was nearly scared still to ride it once we got close... you get in the seat, hands, and legs free in the air, and just before the ride takes off they tilt everyone's seats so that your back is straight up in the air, and you're hanging, face down, facing the ground... as we went up the initial incline, just hanging there (me between ben and scott this time) scott took advantage of me being afraid and was like "dude, lara, look, if this thing broke, look how far we'd fall -- we're all gonna DIE!!!!!!!"... i screamed like a girl the whole time, which greatly amused ben and scott (because i don't really do that very often), but it was a rush. =)  after lunch we played silly carnival games and ben won me a taz (tasmanian devil, of course :-) )... we rode the teacups almost of the point of turning our stomachs, and then the ferris wheel to get a better scope of what we still needed to hit, then did one of those boat rides that goes down a waterfall and gets you wet... after that scott and ben wanted to stand on the bridge that the water ride goes under, because that way you get even more drenched... they got soaked twice over before they dragged me over to get drenched too... of course, dripping wet, and absolutely soaked, we had to ride rollercoasters to dry off :-)...   after all that fun, we split a pizza 3 ways for dinner, making it certain we couldn't ride anymore crazy rides... so we spent awhile in the arcade, and ben and me got enough tickets out of the silly machines where you drop quarters and try to knock more down to get me a hackeysack, and then scott and me each scored high enough on skeeball to get ourselves stuffed frogs :-)... ben won himself a stuffed rottweiller to, so picture the 3 of us with a dog, a taz, two of us with sutffed frogs on our heads (rotating which two throughout the evening), running around quoting "go dog go" (i.e. "helllllloooooo!!!"  "helllooooooo!!!"  "how do you like my hat!?" "i do not like that hat goodbye!"  "goodbye") in stupid british accents and riding kiddie rides for an hour -- high on life is a good way to be :-) ... we rode the merry-go-round last of all because half the places to sit on there were chickens!  and ben had to ride a chicken...  after that fun, we had an hour til their fireworks display, so i got yarn weaved into my hair that i'm guessing will stay put til it falls out of its own accord... i picked blue and white and the guys insisted i had to get red with it, so my hair is patriotic now :-P  when i was done, we got good seats for the fireworks -- we didn't even realize that there would be fireworks until a worker on one of the rides told us... it was fantastic, all out holiday deal... they had quotes from all the presidents since the dawn of radio, and later made a screen by blowing up water from a fountain and projecting a screen onto that, of shots from the life of ronald reagan -- it was kinda cool... we oohed and ahhed... and 11 hours after getting there, we drove on home... and sang the whole hour plus back.... indeed, what a day.  now, today, i gotta get my packing done!  i'm on the road back down south in less than 24 hours and i'm not ready to go at all!  doht!  later dudes :-P