Yesterday I tried a new dish. Well, it's not quite new, more like a modification of an old one( Ginger Bacon Chicken ), but it was still so good that I've decided to share it with you.    Lemon Bacon Chicken with 'tatos   Ingredients:  Chicken Breasts.  Bacon (2-3 strips per piece of chicken).  Lemons (1 per 2 pieces of chicken).  Potatoes (1 medium to large per piece of chicken).  (Optional) Green herbs. Thyme does well, parsley too. Tarragon is also good.  Salt, pepper, whatever else you feel like adding.  Preparation:   Preheat oven to 400F. Slice the potatoes into 1/4 inch thick slices. Spread out on a baking sheet, so that there is a layer of 2-3 potatoes. Add salt, pepper, and maybe a drizzle of olive oil (not too much, else it smokes!). Toss with your hands. Stick into oven for 15-20 minutes, or until the top layer of potatoes starts to brown at the edges.   While the potatoes are in the oven, take each chicken and wrap it in bacon strips. The way I like to do it is to put 2-3 strips on a piece of plastic wrap (saves cleaning up the greasy slimy stuff afterwards) so that they are parallel, one next to the other. Put the chicken across in the middle, cross the ends of bacon on top. You don't need to pin them down with a toothpick as we did with the Ginger Bacon Chicken. Once all the chicken is wrapped, take the lemons and slice them into thin round slices.   Time to check on the potatoes! They should be ready any time soon, just don't take them out too early. Once they're out,  let them cool a bit.  Once they're cooled down, you can shuffle them around a bit. The bottom ones will have probably stuck to the baking sheet, which is why we let them cool down, they'd break otherwise. You'll notice that they're not done yet. Once shuffled and tossed, Sprinkle the herbs on top. Then place the chicken on top of all that. Just on top of the potatoes, that's it. Next come the lemon slices, which cover the chicken. Now put it all back into the oven, and wait until it's done. How do you know it is? Well, because the bacon will be done. Just watch the bits that are exposed, and once they're all nice and crispy then you can be sure that the chicken is done, potatoes are steamed and baked. Neat, huh?  Alternative: You can also pre-cook some other vegetables (carrots, squash) and place them along with the potatoes under the chicken.  As you've seen, this dish is very similar to my Ginger Bacon Chicken in execution. The problem I had with GBC was that it's a bit dry, and the flavor wasn't well balanced. BLC fixes those two problems.