My dramatic death....   Suicide! (and you know it, so... dont u have something to do?)    urlLink   Choose your Dramatic Death (Now w/pics!!)     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla      You belong beyond the claim of all humanity. Though here, you are emotionally dead to the world and nothing here has any bearing on you, good or bad. You feel nothing and are simply waiting on the end, which will come to pass without much change, after which you will fade into the nothingness which you lived. If that's how you like it, that's that. If not, change your responses to things and maybe the world will change with you.    urlLink   Where do you belong?(ANIME IMAGES)     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     why doesn't that sound like me?..... unless I'm in a bad mood.... then that's me *nodd nodd*     You are most likely to be the Vampire Chevalier!   The Chevalier personifies the vampire that acts with noble intentions, despite what it is capable of. Taking a conflicting nature and resolving its issues, the chevalier both embraces and yet keeps the vampiristic nature in check; the hunt and taking of blood is enjoyed greatly, yet is restricted to those who willingly give, 'wrong-doers,' or is taken in self-defense; its powers are also embraced willingly, yet while it blatantly and proudly uses them, those that harm are only used in self-defense or in the defense of others. The vampire charm is used in full, and the chevalier appears as one of the most alluring of all vampires, often lordly in appearance as well. Because of the open embrace of its powers and seemingly royal stature, the chevalier often is an immensely powerful vampire.   Dominant personality trait: Pride  Dominant color: Gold  Fictional Vampire Examples: Meier Link ('Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust'), Jean-Claude ('Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter')   Curious to see how you would fare as a creature of the night? Come this way...     urlLink   Vampire Classification Quiz (w/ Pics)     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     OOOOOOOO me likes o.o   meh, enough for now (no that's not all the quizes I took, but some of them didn't have pictures and I didn't feel like puting them on here ^ ^;; ) I'll add more later today or tomorrow....