Hey... Last-night was weird. I mean It ended up all good, but last-night was crappy.  Yesterday, itself, was crappy. I first started out late; my teachers and some of my friends all got on my nerves, and then as soon as I got home everyone started ragging on me... While they were ragging on each other. I was so stressed out that I ended up taking another hour walk down by the bay in the pouring rain. I actually started to cry too, but I wouldn't let myself fall like that into darkness and wallow in self-pity. I ended up coming home around nine-thirty or ten last night. I would have stayed out at the bay forever if I could. I think it's only a matter of time before I just give up on my family. Somewhat I already started, I mean I don't listen to my parents anymore because they don't give me the same respect that I  do  deserve, my sister and I aren't getting along as well as we were before because (I feel like) she doesn't respect me either and wants me around just so I can baby-sit and do other things for her. And I don't talk to my Aunt anymore because she can't keep control of her child, which needs to be put in the corner for about a week. I was thinking about all of this during this walk to. I think that’s why I almost cried, because I knew that I was loosing one of the few things that I had left.  In truth, I only care for a few things in life, my family, my friends, and my future. As you just read from above, I stopped respecting my family and started to separate myself from their drama because I can't handle it anymore. If you have been reading my posts for awhile (or if you have searched through the archives) you would have read that I have moved on from my friends. Which isn't true because I have never really moved anywhere except away from them also. So right there is two of the things that I really care about. Gone. I know that there is so much for me that lies ahead in the future but sometimes I just stop caring about that to. I worry that, one-day, I will just stop caring about everything. That I will no longer have something to live for. When a day like yesterday happens, sometimes I long to have nothing to care for so I can just end it all. Remember up above where I was talking about my walk and how I almost started crying, and just now I was telling you how yesterday I actually wanted the last day to come... Well, yesterday was so bad that I actually started dreaming about knives, guns, anything. I started realizing how bare my wrists were and how it would feel having blood trickle down them. These are actually thoughts that crossed my mind at that point and time. I remember yesterday picturing how most of my family and some of my old friends would come to my funeral and how they might, or might not, cry. But I don't believe that any of this will actually ever happen. I mean I do hope for the future and I hope for a  good  future, but days now just float by like nothingness while I try to keep up with school. Today wasn't any better than yesterday, though. I started off late  again  and today one of my teachers gave me an assignment that I knew I couldn't complete so I'm sad about that. One of the people that I talk to at school ditched me after school so I was angry with that also. So I walked home and right as soon as I walked through the door my sister gives me this 'Shhhh!' and this evil glare like I don't being here and like I was nothing... A  loud  nothing, for that matter, when she made more noise than I did just shushing me. I think I will go for an extra long walk tonight. Most likely, I will need it. But for right now I'm going to go blare my music and pop a few Aspirin so I will leave you with: Yesterday I ate: 1 handful of cheese crackers  Today I ate: 1 Cup Of Noodles