It seemed like only yesterday when we faced the blackboard, listened to the teacher's discussion until we dozed off, carried a back-breaking load of books to and from school, and pushed our imagination to the limit to visualize whatever lessons we studied.  Yes, this situation still happens in just about every school today, but with the continuous development of computer technology in itself and in education, imagination gradually turns to (virtual) reality, education becomes easier, convenient and more fulfilling to the student's mind and body.    One can be easily overwhelmed by the latest innovations in education today.  Distance learning, virtual reality (VR) rooms, e-books, improved wireless communiation, expert systems, you name it, they gradually change everyone's view on education, from merely a boring process of gaining and visualizing knowledge, to the very exciting and fun way of virtually appliying ang experiencing it for every student, young and old.  The latest technology can also let the person do his studies in a casual manner without leaving the comfort of his home, office (for working graduate students), or even in the park.  Simulation reduces the dangers of actual work, allowing the person to correct his mistakes easily, in, for example, first aid, surgery and engineering.  It can also act as a "time machine," especially for history students, allowing them to experience what really happened in the past, and even identify and correct the historical figures' mistakes.  Seeing these innovations, I myself would really want to see and experience what these developments in educational technology has to offer for us.    For many, educational technology may seem to eventually replace the traditional teacher, but technology, as we know it, cannot evolve, nor even exist, without human knowledge.  The human teacher will still be there to input the necessary knowledge to be "taught" by educational tools and even do heart-to-heart counseling with students experiencing academic or even emotional difficulties that may hinder their studies.  Also, not all countries have the necessary funds to implement such technology in their schools, colleges and universities, which still forces them to continue with the old-fashioned, traditional way of teaching.  For me, educational technology may be evolving fast, but implementing it around the world may take quite a long time.