Were you that bored that you had to resort to finding us on google Hayden? Oh, by the way, we're on page 10 last time I looked.  Oh my god! I am so fucking bored. *deep breathe in, complains all and once* I’m in media and the teacher is sick and I can’t do my work because he’s got the music that I need so that means I will be sitting here for 2 hours without anything to do and I’m sooooooo fucking bored it’s not funny because I’ve run out of sites to look at and *inhales* I AM SO BORED!   Oh! But I did win a prize in a quiz we had at the school. I was one of 12. Oh so exciting. Don't know what I won but I'm sure it will be good and if not...I still won something.  Oh my fucking boredom, I'm bored...  I know! I'll talk to myself.  lalala!  You'll all be proud that I had a civilised conversation with David. *shocking*...And at the end of this working week, I find out if I got a job...coming first in my Drama class. Not hard considering there is only like *starts counting* 3 of us that ever turn up, 5 in total, 7 that sat the exam...Tonya, he's not here today so didn't have to avoid him :) that made my life easy...Gollum's (Andy Serkis) wife went into labour, so there is going to be a lil gollum very soon (the third little Gollum might I add)...  I'm going to add in a picture cause I felt like it...lets see *scans internet sites* this ones good.    urlLink    Lord of the Rings: The Return of the king   Here is me, playing my LOTR:ROTK game. I'm Gandalf, kicking the little Orcs butt. And I call it an orc because this is the third level on the path of the wizard and I'm on top of Minas Tirth wall and Nazgul are stealing my men so I can't shoot the capapult and then I'm screwed but then Linds and I were playing co-op level and we killed the Nazgul and OMG it was so funny, we like...shoot it! and we both did and we killed it...I could never do that in single mode...you don't have to kill them which is strange because I really think there is a reason for them in the game apart from blocking my road once dead, eating my men when they're alive and scaring the shit out of me every time I play!   Ha! Screw you all! I got the picture in all by myself! HAHA! Sorry, very proud of myself...  Another pic...   urlLink     I see you too but you don't here me bragging about it!  That quote is care of Tonya...Maybe I should write another blog...