Oh Gosh it pours down so hard can't get my ass moving. I wanted to sleep but I have to keep moving. I am in UP right now waiting for the binding center  to open (have to get the things I asked to bind). I am a little early now, was just catching up with tina to come here. Jorge? I hated his guts! He went home at 5 am...at 5 am!!! I don't know what he was doing out in the street the whole time. Don't know what he was up to? To hell with him anyway, I'll get used to his habit then and then. It scares me to think that..when I'll get used to all these which I do not really like though from the bottom of my heart.     I don't want to wake up one day oblivious to the things happening to me around, doing the things which I do not really like doing. I just want to live a very quite, simple and peaceful life without complications, however, I think with Jorge things will become complicated. I don't know, am not certain, I am still grappling on unchartered shores here. I have to rely on my instinct and on circumstances which are sometimes beyond my control. Well in the first place I am still adjusting to the whole situation perhaps jorge is also adjusting with my nasty behavior at times. We have to live with it and change the things which we think are still malleable enough to change. I needed to communicate with him intimately and if he don't seem to listen and understand--i have to try!     I have this feeling of distasteful sense of separation, I wanted to just savor it though and feel what it really feels being left alone in loneliness and wilderness of life. Afterall, I have been alone all the time nothing's new right? Keep telling this to myself. I HAVE TO LIVE WITH WHAT IS BEING OFFERED TO ME AT THE MOMENT.     I'll get moving now, get the things I asked to bind, go back to ateneo and do what I have to do---study and do my stuff!     NOTE FOR MYSELF:  In the loneliness and bliss of life, I found something so essential, TRUTH which cannot be shaken nor changed--that life is such so meaningful that at times you can't just extract the meaning it in!It is meaningless!