Would it have killed Delta to make the miter gage slide longer on this thing? The literature says you can comfortably crosscut up to 10" wide stock on it. That seems about right. Sadly, I am cutting 11 3/4" stock for the bench (described in last post). Add 1.5" for my miter gage improvement, and you've got about 3 sloppy inches where the miter gage wants to wiggle.  About my crosscut jig (mentioned earlier  urlLink here ): I made it so that it can go in the right or left miter slot. On the left, it goes in backwards, with the miter gage body and fence first. It's easier to cut wider stock if the gage is in and the stock lying flat when you start the cut. Problem is, by the end of the cut, the miter gage is off the table, and things start getting wiggly.  This wasn't a big problem for through cuts, but it gave me fits when cutting the rabbets (see last post).  Sometimes, the slide would come clear out of the slot at the end of the cut.  Anyway, I cut the rabbets on a standard blade in multiple passes. Even with the frustration caused by the short miter slide, I was surprised at how easily and accurately I could nibble 1/8" at a time from these boards. "Pish" to those who say you're better off with a circular saw and guide than a cheap table saw. Still, I had to smooth the bottoms of the rabbets with a chisel and much sanding. If it were a glue joint, I don't think I'd be happy. So my wish list now includes a short arbor dado stack.  Some reviewers knock this saw because they think the only dado blade that will fit on it is the cheap, short-arbor "wobble" type.  Not true. Sears sells two short-arbor stacking dado sets for bench saws, one for $36 and another for $52. And in any case, you could use a standard dado set, as long as you didn't use all the chippers. True, you only get up to a 1/2" wide dado.  But with clever use of stop blocks, dog boards, sacrificial fences, index marks, and so on, you can easily cut dados of any width. It may take two passes, but that's better than however many it took me with a standard blade.  Also on my wish list is a big crosscut sled that straddles the cut line and slides in both miter slots.  I've got a 1/4 sheet of MDF to make this.  I'll let you know how it comes out.  The slots on the ends of the bench, which are supposed to receive the rabbeted sides, were harder to cut than I thought they would be.  I tried several methods:   Table saw: works fine for the first side of the board, but obviously, when you flip it over to do the other slot, you have nothing left to reference the rip fence, seeing as how you just ripped that side. Also, since the blade is circular, it's hard to do a stopped cut. You can see where the blade is cutting at the top, but it's cutting much farther underneath.  Cheesy jigsaw: Forget it. The vibration is horrendous. I tried holding a speed square as a guide, which works fine with a Skilsaw, but the jigsaw vibrated it all over Hell and threw the cut off line. Now I want a good jigsaw.  Handsaw: The horror. The horror. A laborious failure. Maybe with years of practice, but.... but no.  The good news is that I was able to clean up this raggedy cut by shaving about 1/64th" off on the table saw. Yes, 1/64".  I remember reading an online review of one of these benchtop saws where the guy said he finally sprang for a contractor's saw, and the first thing he did with it was shave some bits of similar thickness off a board and mail them to his parents, saying, "This is what my new saw can do."  Ha ha. Well, this is what a cheap saw can do, too.   Although the handsaw was a failure for a long, straight rip cut, I was so disgusted with the jigsaw that I didn't want to try it for cutting out the "foot" shape (which you can see in the pic at top, previous post). So I cut the first one by hand, using a coping saw. I was able to cut very accurately, though slowly. The result was exactly as lopsided as the design I traced on there, which is to say visibly so.  It will need much sanding.  For the other foot, I'm going to fit the jigsaw with a scrolling blade and give it another chance, just for grins.   Next: This is not a drill press.