To get a big head!      I hope I never become this, but if I ever do, I surely hope someone stops me. Well this post is about people that I know all too well who get a big head, when they get somewhere or get some type of an accomplishment. I mean their head gets soo big that they make "mountains out of small things!" (yah I changed it). I suppose, getting an accomplishment is rewarding and I agree, yes one should cheer and share it, but it by NO means, means that you should put down others or act as if you are better because you are there at that one big place. I've seen some friends who upon doing so well, figure that hell, my life rules, I don't need those losers I was with before..and these friends walk off into their big headed world. I just sit there wondering, if they ever look back and realize what they've done. It's good they made it far, and I'm sure they did it all on their own, or was there some support from their friends helping them along the way? Even if there wasn't, should people just get a big head and join the rest of the big headed population of America, let alone the world.  I guess I got into a phd program. I suppose it's an accomplishment. I finished my masters, and I guess I could say it's an accomplishment. But rarely do I sit there and get this HUGE head about it. I just figure it's a normal part of life. There are TON of other people doing the same thing as me, so why should I think what I do is soooo much better than others?? ANd who says a phd or a masters is huge? It's what is commonly believed. But what if that's just a way of brainwashing. What if the true smart people are the ones who are more handy in real life and have more common sense, and aren't the book worms? Just something to think about I guess. I guess I literally tell myself everyday to never blow my accomplishments out of proportions. I know that when I get my phD, it'll be in only ONE subject and a minute part of it, that in NO way would make me get a big head as it does not mean I know everything. I will never forget people who helped me get where I am no matter what! I will never get a big head. I keep reminding myself all this. Even these days I am friends with my friends from high school who did not pursue an education but rather went straight to working for McDonald's. It does not mean they are less than me and that does not warrant me to get a big head about it. It just means each of us play a part in life differently, what God put in one person's head is different than what he put in mine. Just need to appreciate it all, and learn from it.