urlLink Learning Science through Design. ERIC Digest.  This ERIC Digest is by David L. Haury.  From the ERIC Digest:  Mention of "hands-on" or experiential learning and skill development in science education generally brings to mind the emphasis on inquiry in current reform efforts. Inquiry has been a major focus in science education for three decades (Haury, 1993), but it is only one component of the active learning in science endorsed by national science curriculum standards (National Research Council, NRC, 1996). Actively engaging students in technological design is the complementary strand that has received much less attention. The lack of attention to learning science through design is unfortunate since this neglected counterpoint to inquiry has the potential to profoundly enrich science teaching. The neglect is also ironic, since the underlying concept is as ancient as humanity itself. Teaching anything through design taps into the most basic of human tendencies: designing procedures and artifacts--using "tools"--to meet environmental challenges, accomplish difficult tasks, reach goals, increase personal and collective well-being, and generally enrich life. Using technology to meet the challenges of life is a characteristically human endeavor that predates science by thousands of years. Sadly, technology as a subject has been largely ignored in U. S. schools (Project 2061, 1993) and "has no fixed place in elementary education, is absent...in the college preparatory curriculum, and does not constitute part of the content in science courses at any level" (p. 41).  Teaching science through design formally engages students in this basic human approach to meeting life's challenges, and in the process addresses several longstanding issues in science education, including the following:  * Integrating the sciences with other subject areas in the arts, humanities, and social studies.  * Forging connections to daily life.  * Facilitating active learning.  * Accommodating a variety of student learning styles.  * Attending to science in the context of technology and society.  * Nurturing imagination and creative thinking.  * Developing skills in critical thinking, problem solving, and decision making.  * Increasing awareness of science-related dimensions in occupations and avocations.  Further, Alexander (Foreword to Davis, Hawley, McMullan, & Spilka, 1997) has pointed out that, "Whether the objective is a product, a building, a city plan, or a graphic communication, when children are engaged in the process of designing, they are learning to identify needs, frame problems, work collaboratively, explore and appreciate the context within which a solution must work, weigh alternatives, and communicate their ideas verbally, graphically, and in three dimensions." In short, learning through design engages students in activities fundamental to a satisfying and productive life in the desig7ned environment of our culture.