Hey... My parents and I are in sort-of a conflict right now. I realize that this school year hasn't been that great. I feel like an outcast every time I step into the school building, I don't get along with any of my teachers, and I don't like any of the people that are there. But I guess my parents don't realize that because I want to switch schools to one that I would fit in more, and that would actually  help  me throughout the years and they wont let me.  Besides this, the only cousin that I get along with is there. In the school that I am at now I doesn't have any family that can help me in any way. My cousin in the school that I want to go to can help me fit in, and can help me do better in school. The school that I want to go to is a few hours away but my parents and I aren't talking anyways so its not like it would be any different than if I was actually here at home.  But I don't mind how far away the school is. I mean I want to get away from this little town so bad that, I think the bus ride over there would help my mood so I will be more caring towards my homework and the ride back will help me get into a better mood if I was having a stressful day at school so I don't take it all out on my parents and the other family members that are living with us. I don't have anything against the school that I go to now; it's just that it's a little to advanced for me right now. I can read well, and I write fine, but they expect me to do homework that is  way  out of my comprehension. Even writing in this blog, I have to copy and past it all to Word so I would know if I had misspelled anything (and I misspell a  lot ). I have thought a lot about switching over schools and my parents don't realize that. I just hope that they let me switch because, right now, I am afraid of switching schools. I know that sounds weird, but if I don't get over my fear of moving from one place to another, I think I will be too afraid to move out of my parents' house when I get older. I know that I mature with time, but I want to actually be able to leave home and not run back to it because I'm afraid of the real world. I anticipate moving out of Washington State, but if I feel like I can't even switch schools, then how am I supposed to move out of state? I don't want to feel like I'm chained to home like I feel like I am now.  I'm going to get off of that though, it’s depressing me more. Right now its Monday night and I'm sorry that I wasn't able to post over the weekend. I was out camping with a bunch of drunken adults... Ooohh, how fun. I'm glad that I got to see one of my old friends over the camping trip, though. That made me in a better mood than usual. After our camping trip (we came back Sunday morning) I was in a really good mood. I was actually communicating with some of the people that irritated me the most. And I was actually  happy . I haven't felt that feeling in a long time, and it felt good. I miss smiling because I just felt in the mood to smile. I was even in a good mood when I was doing the chores that I hated the most (like dishes or something like that). It's amazing how quickly those feelings leave though, and it's amazing how quickly happiness turns into anger and sadness. I'm just glad that my dish week is over because I know that if I were to be forced into doing them when I was feeling like this, I would be throwing the dishes like I usually am. Anyways I'm going to go to bed. I'm not going to put my little "meal-list" (as someone called it) for today on here, because I really don't care about it right now. So I'm going to say "Bye!' and your going to reach the end of this post... Bye!