the gospel according to rodney  by Scott  i finished up "blindness" by jose saramago yesterday. how can a book rock that hard for 318 pages then die unceremoniously in the last 8 with such an inappropriate ending? i was hoping for more violence, or more suffering, like the rains that were happening after they got out of the asylum continuing, and the rains would last for 40 days and all the blind would drown, and they would scream and water would fill their lungs and there would be proverbs about swallowing water and then they would vomit water, except our lucky 7 heroes and their dog (which, in a risky and bizzare translation choice, was called the "dog of tears" instead of the "tear dog," which if you know anything about spanish makes more sense, plus it doesn't put a confusing image of a  urlLink large  salty aqua-dog in your head), and they would float on a raft of excrement, and the only thing left would be the birds, who would swoop down and peck away at the raft, and that's how we would leave our surviving heroes....   seriously. what's with  urlLink redemption  these days? why must all that suffer have it? where's the reality in suffering i ask. can't we as a culture accept suffering for what it is? i.e., not a test, not a martyr-making trial, simply just a shit time to sit there and take whatever, for reasons known or unknown, that you got coming?   is all suffering redemptive? i don't think so. i look to the scum of chicago when i think about suffering. today i saw rodney, my favorite crazed overweight (?) bum who sells copies of Streetwise newspaper near my library. rodney, like Job, has boils on his face, has lost his family (only Yahweh didn't take rodney's), and arthritis in "every joint," causing him to lean up against a trashcan and not move for up to ten hours. should he have to move, like say when i want to buy a Streetwise from him that day, he whines all through the transaction. and what does rodney get for his suffering? a busted nose that some creep gave him after he solicited his wares a little to much? is this a form of redemption? "what," rodney asks, "must i do?"   i bring Job up to rodney today, telling him heed his advice and to just "hang in there." you know what rodney said? in between his arthritic wincing, he reached up into his mouth and extracted a dirty tooth from his mouth. "fuck hanging in there," rodney said.