Ok, so I had my first day teaching the Holocaust to my kids.  Some of them came out with the most racist questions, I almost blew up.  One girl asked, in reference to some Jewish businessmen's wealthy statement in life, "Well, didn't they deserve the treatment they were getting?  Didn't some of them make a big deal of the fact that they were wealthy?"  Other questions I had pertained to "Jewish" being a race, and not a culture.  I was simply amazed by these questions.  It really makes me wonder what those kids are learning at home from the parents.  The whole thing just stunk of  American History X .  I decided today not to see Matt anymore.  After telling the story to several of my good friends, I realized just how odd, absurd, and totally ridiculous it was.  None of them could see me dating him seriously.  None of them could even see me messing around with him!  So, what do I do?  Do I just ignore his calls, or do I explain things to him?  I opt for the first, even though it's rude, because we never had a "talk" about anything in the first place.  So here I am at Square One again.  However, I have tickets to a Phillies game tomorrow night.  If my dad is too sick to go, there is a possibility of Shawn going with me.  He messaged me last night to apologize for not being around and to say that he was still interested in the tickets if I had no one to go with me.  I hope if my dad can't go, he can.  I'd really like to spend time with him because he really is a cool person.  We are alike on so many levels and I think I'd have a really great time with him.  The conversation would be wonderful, unlike with Matt, because we just didn't talk.  On a more serious note, my roommate told me that she might have to find her own apartment if her ex-husband decides to file for custody of their 2 1/2 year old daughter.  The main reason is that Scott is concerned that Sara does not have her own room at our house; rather, she sleeps in Julie's room with her.  I told Julie not to worry about it.  No judge would grant custody solely on the basis of a kid not having her own room.  Plus, Sara is here mostly during the day, so there really isn't any need for a separate room.  I'm just worried about her moving out, because I really don't have the money to live here by myself.  On the other hand, Scott changes his mind about as much as Julie changes Sara's diaper, so I'm not totally worried about it.  Well, I have to get to work... more lesson planning to do.  Won't be able to update tomorrow, but if Shawn comes to the game with me, I'm sure I'll have a lot to talk about on Wednesday.  :)  Later all.