Another day another blog.  It is getting pretty cold around these parts.  Worst yet my house is getting really cold.  Is it possible that my room could be colder than it is outside?  I think this really might be the case b/c my room is getting pretty darn chilly at nights.  I finished reading A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and I've moved onto The Dubliners.  I'm using my free time to catch up on classical literature.  I only have 5 classes today so I think I'll go downtown after work and get some food then hit up Seattle's and hang out for a bit.  We have a meeting today at work for what we're going to do for Halloween.  I hope we do nothing.  I think it'll be way too much trouble.  I don't want little kids running around with knifes and crap.  I figure they don't know anything about Halloween to begin with so they won't know what they're missing.  I think I'll also get a haircut tonight.  I'm not sure exactly what but I think I need a trim or some sorts.  There is somebody next to me in the PC room now screaming Korean obscenities into his phone.  Now he just hung up.  Wonder what it's about.  Wait they are calling back now.  Actually I think it is someone else sense all the swearing has stopped.   Anyway, I've decided I pretty much hate Hannae again.  She has been nothing but a real jerk since I've been back.  For the life of me I don't understand, but she is a Korean girl so that pretty much sums it up.  I hate to see a good relationship end bad but I guess that is life.  Speaking of Halloween I am looking forward to it.  I have a costume, kind of.  It is really just everyday clothes but I think it should work.  I hope other people dress up as well.  Asma said she will.  It was like yesterday that last Halloween I made the mistake of dressing up like Beckham and got the shit annoyed out of me by everyone.  Most notably was this crazy dude from Finland.  I'm defiantly shooting for something a little more subtle this time around.   I've seen two different dates for The Matrix release in Korea.  One said it was on the 6th and one said on the 5th.  Either way I can't wait.  We should organize a group and go see it.  Ok enough for now.