how's that for bad late night alliteration?  so i've been waaay excited about today for forever... it was planetarium day!  i had gone to the planetarium at the pink palace in memphis over break, and when i told eric about the show i saw, he suggested we should check out the one in NYC... so today was the day.  yesterday, scott and liviu had both said they wanted to come, but liviu (due to more work than planned on for today) and scott (due to having his fun last night) both had to back out last minute... so just eric and me ended up going, but we had a blast!  the planetarium in NYC is part of the american museum of natural history.. we spent the morning in the space part of the place and the afternoon checking out animal exhibits... it was really cool.  for the planetarium: (1) it had the best star projector i've ever seen -- completely awesome! (2) most planetariums are a half sphere... this one's a whole sphere with a dome ceiling show like normal in the top half and a shorter, looking down at a bowl shaped floor show in the bottom half... we saw both shows (one about looking for life on other planets, one about "this is the universe - ta da") that the place is running, and then checked out exhibits. (3) party and a half... it was one of the best done, hands on type museums i've been to in forever. =)  so, besides that, i got an awesome orion poster at the gift shop... it has all the major stars (not just shoulders knees and belt... like the sword, bow, etc.) with enlarged magnified views of the nebulas etc. in there... it was an awesome poster... eric got one too actually...  getting the new poster and a walmart frame for it inspired me to finally decorate my walls... i had tried back in september with posters and sticky tack, but the stuff all fell down over night the first night i had it up, and i never did anything with it since but put it under my bed... so tonight here's how it goes.  the wall my windows are on already had a cross on the right hand side of the windows... now the left hand side also has these letters "L" and "A" that my dad found at an antique store and gave me for christmas... the wall to the left of that (where i have a bookcase, my CD tower, and a few other random things stacked) now has my three framed big hungary posters from last fall... my wall behind the desk here (opposite my windows) still has a dry erase board calendar and both my valpo diplomas... and finally, orion's above my bed, and above the bookcase on that side (yes i have two bookcases on opposite walls from each other), i put a string art bird i made 10 years ago, a framed angel picture a friend (jessica in fact!) drew for me for a christmas present a few years back (i collect angels) =) and a framed picture of me, nicole, michelle, heather, and kristin from last year that they all wrote me notes on... i'd been meaning to put all this up for awhile, but having another HUGE thing to put up (orion's 2 ft. by 3 ft.) finally got me going.  party.  the end. =)  good night =P