Thanks, Pete, for talking about movies.  Now you got me started.  I went to see "Hidalgo" this weekend, a new Taboule-Western starring Viggo Mortensengensenden.  The script is unbelievably hack: a metis Lakota cowboy/horse racer, racked with guilt over delivering the orders for the massacre at Wounded Knee, sets out to win a horse race across the Arabian desert, to spread his own unique brand of rugged individualism to the swarthy Bedouin sheiks and, inadvertantly, to find his true self.    Unfortunately, this movie is entirely too enjoyable for its own good.  Lawrence of Arabia meets Dances With Wolves meets Black Beauty.   The horse, a piebald Mustang, is an obvious stand-in for its mixed rider (there is much talk about the purity of breeds). By the last reel, the horse has also become an equine surrogate for the plight of Native Americans.  (Yes, the constricting saddle must be removed for the beast to truly excel.)   The movie is filled with well-timed whinnies and nickers, and the horse is a sarcastic sidekick, often looking over its shoulder and fluttering its lips as a comment on the action.  And yet in spite, or perhaps because of its corny aesthetic, it is a Cinemascope delight: each shot has Speilbergian grace and several action sequences are like the most delicious moments of Golden Age matinee serial.  And then snickering at the script is also part of the fun.  When our hero pulls a fellow (Arab) rider from quicksand, the rescued man is upset with him for meddling with Allah's plan.  "It was God's will," he explains to the American.  The Indian-Cowboy squints, and says, "But what of your will?"  A light goes on the Muslim's eyes, as he is fascinated by the heretical, but liberating idea.    That pretty much sums up the steaming piles of twisted logic that are scattered in the path of "Hidalgo"; it at once rejects Western expansionism in the Great Plains, yet simultaneously embraces cultural imperialism in the Arabian desert (although English colonialists are gleefully vilified).  Indians are noble members of a "dying kind" and need to run free, yet the tribal Bedouins are close-minded chauvinists in desperate need of modernity.  The horse, an introduced species, is somehow the perfect vehical for the tenor of native peoples.  "Hidalgo" is a greasy-popcorn treat for a rainy Saturday.  Just don't think about it too much.