The  urlLink  Chronicle of Higher Education   has an extensive article about  urlLink Germany's plan to build elite universities . Not surprisingly, it's not going all that well. Too many entrenched bureacratic hindrances. I'm not sure how Germany is going to regain its momentum. The thing is, I don't think things  are  all that bad to start with. The German academics I know are hard working productive scholars who are also very devoted teachers. It probably doesn't surprise you to hear that they are always publishing articles in obscure journals of the Lichtenberg Society, but--if you have American stereotypes about Germans--you would be astonished to hear that they are also inviting their students over for end-of-the-semester parties and genuinely concerned about their students' futures. The students are well-trained in the schools and are particularly good at foreign languages. And there is a long tradition of academic excellence. So the raw materials are all there.   The problem is that the universities are underfinanced. I remember going to lectures taught by Kenzaburo Oe at Berlin's  urlLink Freie Universitaet . It was triste! He taught in this temporary building with grafitti on it.   I wonder if part of the problem is that Germany has only public universities, so there isn't that competition. In the States, the public universities can go to their legislatures and say, "We're falling behind the privates!" Finally, though, globalization may mean that this kind of competition is taking place. The German universities are able to argue that they're falling behind the univerities of other schools.  The other concern that I have is that the Social Democrats may not be very good for higher education in Germany. Really, the best universities are in the Christian Democrat states (Baden-Wuerttemburg and Bavaria). As a lefty from an old union family, it pains me to admit this, but it seems that the very labor-oriented Social Democrats in Germany have tended to neglect academic excellence out of fear that it would be too elitist. (And indeed, the very notion of the "elite" university is controversial in Germany.)