Subjective Impressions of Towns on our Trip    Lewiston/Clarkton : I discovered these cities for the first time really earlier this summer, when we spent the 4th of July there. I think they’re just fantastic. Established at the confluence of substantial rivers (the Snake, the Clearwater), they have a varied topography and enough of their late nineteenth-century heritage to have a historical feel. I’m sure they are totally republican, but they still feel quite comfortable.   Missoula:  I’ve liked Missoula for a long time. When I first got my job at Whitman, a friend got a job at the University of Montana in Missoula. We compared notes from time to time, and concluded that I had the better employer, but she had a better location. This time through, my good feelings about the town were confirmed. “The Raven,” which I mentioned in an earlier entry, was a great place to stop for tapas in the evening. An artist was hanging his photographs, while people enjoyed good beer, wine, food, and free internet access. There seemed to be other good restaurants in the old downtown area. You can get The New York Times, albeit at a 100% surcharge. “Fahrenheit 9/11” was playing in a local theater. Lots of long-haired, environmentalist types were walking about. One thing about Missoula, though, is that it is remote from real urban culture. I remember once calculating that we in Walla Walla were in a five-hour orbit from Seattle, where you could have access to a major university library, lots of interesting food, and high-priced hair cuts.  Missoula doesn’t have any place closer than Walla Walla, so they are actually in a ten-hour orbit, which makes them about as remote as can be and still be in the continental United States.   Butte : I’ve never liked Butte and didn’t have any reason to change my mind this time. We stayed in a Super 8 on the outskirts of town and awoke to the sight of splendid nature marred by the concrete outbuildings of the city. Our building was one of the offenders.    Dillon : We stopped in Dillon at the Safeway for breakfast. I’m afraid I’ll always think of it as a city with dirt roads. They were presumably repairing their main street, but to us it felt like the wild west, before the discovery of asphalt. Only the fact that you could get mangoes and blueberries and bagels and organic shredded wheat in the safeway brought us back into the twenty-first century. Dillon is apparently the home to yet another branch of the Montana university system—Western Montana State or something like that. I’ve long been amazed at the fortitude of Montana, which has only about 800,000 residents and which hosts an astonishing variety of institutions of higher education. It would be as if Portland decided to have a vast municipal university system, with universities of east porland and the city university of northeast portland, etc.    Jackson : Jackson feels like a colony of the international order of globalism in the Rocky Mountains. You can fly in and out of Jackson, if the idea of spending too much time in the rest of the West offends you. Everything’s very expensive and glossy. They support the arts magnificently. They’re building a performing arts center that will be the home to a vast array of Jackson-based artistic organizations. As I mentioned in another entry, you can get the Times without any surcharge at all there. I suspect that there are lots of openly gay people in Jackson.   Riverton : If Jackson felt ickily inauthentic, Riverton was ickily authentic Americana. Although it’s in an Indian reservation, the only Native Americans we saw were the cleaning people in our motel (another Super 8). The owners, inciudentally, were Indians from India. Riverton had no sickly sweet faux Western buildings, just big boxes—Walmarts and Super Ks. Their city hall was in a strip mall, not some ornate 19th-century building. Our motel was filled with hunters, I suspect. The whole place felt very Republican.   Rawling : We just passed through Rawlins looking for a gas station, but it was interesting to see its downtown, which is in terrible disrepair. Like other small towns in the West, it has lots of two-story brick buildings, but most of them are boarded up or in disrepair. The old movie theater is abandoned, for instance. The only commercial life in the city seems to be on the edges of twon, where we found our gas station/taco bell unit. (Not that we ate at the Taco Bell!)   Laramie : When I saw “The Laramie Project,” I was struck by the similarities between Walla Walla and Laramie—small towns in the West, homes to institutions of higher education, more progressive than their surroundings and than their reputations. Visiting the town, I could only confirm that impression. Like Walla Walla, Laramie is surrounded by wheat fields and rolling hills, but is within an hour or two of stunningly beautiful mountain areas. The town is quite lovely. They have a large downtown area consisting of late nineteenth-century brick buildings that have been renovated and are now the homes to art galleries, bookstores, restaurants (including vegetarian ones like “Sweet Melissa,” where we ate delicious food),  and cafes. One bookstore had the Times, for no surcharge. We were able to connect to the internet at a café. I think I could be quite happy in Laramie, actually. But would Matthew Shepherd’s fate hang over one’s head if one lived there? While driving into the town, we had to wonder if we were driving by the barbed wire fence where Matthew Shepherd was left to die.