i'm so bored.  there's nothing to do around this house.  of course i could do helpful things like clean the bathrooms or the kitchen or something but i'm not really in a cleaning mood.  i could also clean up my room since it's a disaster, but i also don't feel much like doing that.  i want to do something fun...like playing a game or going out to play pool or go bowling.  i wish i had someone around here to do things with.  i need a friend with common interests.  the guys are just into magic and d&d...which are both things that i have no desire to be involved in.  occasionally they play games with me but it's a very rare occasion.  the past few days i've just been playing yahoo games online.  avalanche is a fun game.  doot do doo...  i wonder what the circus world museum is like.  every time i go back to illinois i pass the exit for it.  i think it would scare me since i have this whole fear of clowns and everything.  it has always intriqued me though.  oh, btw, i am attracted to "shiny things."  i'm a sucker for things like that.  i went to the store and needed to buy toothpaste.  that new aquafresh toothpaste in the pretty blue and yellow container caught my attention and drew me away from my usual toothpaste...unfortunately it tasted like crap, they got my money, and i have almost a full tube of toothpaste i will never use again.  my housemate is wearing a hat again.  that girl must be coming over...yay.  i know i'm not the best judge of character but i think i'm much better at picking out evil girls than i am at picking out evil guys.  there's just something very bad about her and i can't put my finger on what it is.  no one seems to agree with me and they just play it off as me being jealous.  whatever...maybe they will all change their tune when something bad happens.  she actually reminds me of my evil ex-roommate.  this housemate of mine also dated her though and claims that to be his most successful relationship...so maybe he wants to be with someone evil.  i'm beginning to like my other housemate's girlfriend more.  she actually says hi to me when she comes over and talks to me.  they've also been spending more time with the whole household lately, so i think that's good.  maybe they are right for each other...they do appear to make each other happy and i think that's really important.  it's hard for me to picture them married, but that won't be for a little while more at least.  they do look cute together...both short redheads.  anyway...enough about all of this love crap.  i'll end with a quote from my sister, "love makes people crazy and i am already crazy enough."