Written on the highway over Lolo Pass .... (no, I wasn't driving, silly!)   Our First Century  Our biker friends have been doing “centuries”—100 mile stints—all summer long, so we were thrilled to join the crowd. We made it a hundred miles on the first day of our cross-country trip, Monday, August 3. Well, more like 99. We drove from Walla Walla to Lewiston.  Well, yes, I suppose there is a difference  between doing a century in a car and doing it in a bicycle. And I suppose you might think that 100 miles is not very much for an automobile trip. But we didn’t get started until almost 5 in the afternoon, and we didn’t want to travel by night, especially in such beautiful country.  The plan was to leave at the crack of dawn—maybe go to Janet’s jazzercise class at 6 in the morning and then head off into the wild blue yonder. Actually even the plan was always already unrealistic, because we knew we had to drop off the cable equipment at an office that didn’t open until 8, and a computer I had borrowed from an office that didn’t open until 9. But the goal was to get out by mid-morning.   But you try clearing out all your personal effects from an office and a house that you’ve been in for four years! You try packing them all up and putting them in the basement! You try locating and packing all the items you’ll be needing for a year’s stay in Manhattan!   It takes longer than you’d think, or at least longer than I had thought. Part of the problem of course is that it’s hard to live in a house that you’re trying to empty. Eventually you run into a stubborn subset of things (dishes, cooking items, bedding, towels, toiletries, etc.) that you want to keep using until you leave, and you don’t know which of these to move first.  It didn’t help the workside of things that everyone was using our departure as an excuse to party like it was 1999. On the non-workside of things, of course, it was great that they wanted to do so. Thanks to Roberta, John K, John P, Roz, Hassan, Zahi, Nicole, Brad, Heidi, Susan, Julia, Jean, Janice, Rebecca, Lynn, Jeanne, Jackie, Melvin, Chad, Michael E, Al, Michael d, Gretchen, Midge, Pete, Laura, David, and everyone else who celebrated my getting out of town with me in the last week ...  But in any case, we did eventually get everything put away, the house pretty clean, and started taking care of the paperwork.We left Walla Walla between 4 and 5.  As we left, a rare summer storm poured down on Walla Walla.  An auspicious sign, I think.    This was posted from the  urlLink Raven  in Missoula. Very cool place, like Merchant's but with brighter colors and open in the evening.