Has anyone ever stopped to think exactly what makes Paris Hilton a celebrity?  Is it because she's rich, does dumb things, and involves herself with marginal celebs like Nick Carter and Lionel Richie's heroin addicted daughter?  I don't really get it.  In the same vein, why don't more people from reality shows become famous after the reality show ends? Johnny Fairplay from Survivor is in pro wrestling now, and one of those other Survivor girls is on The View, right? And Eric Nies hosted The Grind after Real World I in New York. But come on. If someone like Paris Hilton can demand that much attention from the press, can't Brad Fiorenzia from Real World San Diego get his own show on CNBC or something?   I can't believe I just wrote that.  I've become mildly obsessed with The Real World recently, since watching 11 San Diego episodes in one day. The only Real Worlds I've ever followed were NYC (#1), New Orleans, and San Diego. I feel like I missed a lot of popular culture moments, fleeting as they may have been. It's a shame, really.  Diesel on the Heat. I wonder if they'll be good... and more specifically, I wonder how long until Pat Riley takes the urge to replace Stan Van. Ironic, because once Isisah takes over the Knicks, it'll be Riley vs. Thomas, which was once a prominent player vs. coach matchup in the late 1980s. Ah, things coming full-circle. Doesn't sports do that better than any other outlet?  Why is Jessica Simpson famous? Because she's hot, because she married another hot young rich person, because she's a singer, or because she's dumb?  Does anyone even really care that the NHL might get locked out?   Hilary (sp?) Clinton's aides are pissed she's not getting a prime time spot at the DNC later this month (shit, in 2 weeks). That's probably because she's gunning for THE prime time spot at 2008 (did they pick a site for that yet?). Ah, Edwards vs. Clinton '08... the Iowa State Fair will never be the same, 'specially if you toss Evan Bayh in there.  Question of the Day Behind the New York Times and (I think) The Washington Post, what's the best daily newspaper in America?