So I guess my last post did take huh?  Oh well I couldn't see it the other day when I did post.   Anyway, I'm out of Siem Reap and in Battambang.  This is the second largest city in Cambodia but there really isn't a whole hell of a lot here.  Yesterday I went all over the place seeing several remote temples in Siem Reap.  This stuff still blows my mind.  I think it borders on impossible to see all the temples (some of which aren't worth seeing) so I tried to see the biggest and best and I think I succeded.  Last night I went and hung out at a local bar/restuarant and finished writing postcards and updated my journal.  It was really relaxing as I got to sit on the third floor balchony, enjoy two for one cocktails and watch the sunset.  Speaking of postcards I think I'm going to post myself into bankruptcy.  I wrote 24 postcards from Angkor.  And if you're not getting one it's b/c you didn't give me your address.  So give me your address then.  Anyway I hope they all make it home.  I'll actually send them out tomorrow and I'm kind of scared how much it will cost.  I think I might have to ease off on the postcard writing to make sure I can still stay in budget and eat.   So today I woke around 5:20 to catch the van at 5:30 to the boat that came here.  Today has been a really long and very humbling day.  It was long in the fact that I was killer tired and stuck on a pretty crappy boat all day going really slow.  It was humbling in that I think I saw the worst poverty I've ever seen in my life.  All day along the river we'd pass these communities (if you can call them that) composed of nothing more then simple building put together with reeds and bamboo.  The river we went down was absolutly filthy.  People just throw there trash and relieve themselves in it.  On the other side they also bathe clean their dishes and swim in it.  This was an eye opening experiance to say the least.  I hope I never have to live like that.   On the brighter side I think I'll have a pretty full day of touring tomorrow.  There isn't a whole lot in the city but there is stuff to do around it so I'll have to hire a guy to drive me around for like $5.  I think I'll stay two nights here and then move onto the capital Phnom Pehn.   Traveling alone has its ups and downs.  During the day it's great; I get to do whatever I want for as long as I want to.  I can also move or stay or do whatever.  But at nights it gets a little lonely.  I'm too cautious to go out the clubs and get drunk or stay out late.  A drunk white guy out late is just asking to me mugged.  I do miss the nightlife.  But lucky for me most of these guesthouses have cable tv with several movie channels so that helps.  I also have some books I should probably be reading.  Ok think that's all for now.