So there is so much to write and so little time.  I'll have to be catching up soon.   Today I had to present a lesson plan in front of my Universtiy of St. Thomas class (like for a grade and everything ;-), unlike the lass class).  This was a plan based on a Madeline Hunter model with all these elements and it ended up being three pages in length.   So anyway, I was the third person to go.  Even though I am a very quiet, introverted person of few words, in my last job I frequently had to present in front of groups of adult learners.  So I feel fairly comfortable with it.  And before I walked up to the front of the classroom, I wasn't nervous.  (well, not nervous about presenting it to the class.  of course I was obsessing about the assignment.  it's worth 25 of the 100 points, and damnit, Ms. goody two shoes wants an A)  So i waltz up to the front with my little mariachi music playing and my brilliantly prepared materials all organized and in a row, complete with note cards that tell me exact what to say, when to say it and when to show which visual aids.   Everything seems great, but then I begin to speak and my voice is  shaking.   Like a lot.  I was thrown back into high school choir days when we had to sight sing for a grade.  (they just gave us a piece of music we'd never seen and we had to sing it.  usually we just sang into a recorder, but still, my fucking voice would shake.  i couldn't figure out how to make it not do that.  it was such a pisser.)   Same damn thing today.  I'm telling myself to stop the shaky voice thing.  I even clear my throat, but fuck.  It still shook.  I was SO EMBARRASSED!!!  good god.   But afterwards a woman came up and said 'oh, i loved your presentation.  you class is gonna be fun'.  Then after lunch a woman who was in my first class said that I did a great job.  She said that she was thinking during my lesson "shit, kim knows what she's doing.  i'm gonna go up there and fuck it up."  So maybe it wasn't that bad or noticeable.  Maybe they think that's just how my voice sounds.  Maybe they think i'm like 66 and that's just the way your voice sounds when you get old.  A tall, very soft spoken man in my group said he didn't even notice that my voice shook.  But then he did live in a retirement home for a while.  (he has a master's degree in gerontology)  So, i'm almost through!  3 more days!!!  There is so much information floating through my head.  It's crazy wild.   I adore my instructor.  She's fantastic.  Super organized, interesting, motivating...I'm so lucky.  Some of the other professors completely suck.  People are sitting in their classrooms silently reading.  I would be so pissed.   I had my fake nails taken off by the way.  (cultured nails, whatever the hell they're called.)  I was sick of them.  I'm not a girlie girl any more.