I tried with a friend to do one last "all-nighter" via e-mail, and I have to tell you, time flies fast. But one thing we did was to know each other again, and we played Truth or Dare, rather, it was "Pick one of the two truths." The first question promptly went into our crushes, which were developed, quite recently. The friend who I talked to developed one here, even though he was overseas for the past half a year, still manged to LIKE someone HERE. It was rather ironic to me, but understandable because I've managed to like someone out of the country. Long distance relationships always seem to fail, but they're always so TEMPTING. He asked two truths that particularly made me think, so here are the justifications to what I told you, friend.  (a) Do I still like [A]?  Answer: I don't know. Honestly, I'd say I was still on the verge of recovering. I've liked [A] for quite a while now, and in consideration, her attiutdes change so much in a sense. I've aso go thte debative thing with [B] as well that it gets confusing. A little dilemma? Not really. [A] is the sort of girl taht most guys would fall for: sweet, energetic, pretty, sportive and intelligent... mind you, not to say that [B] wasn't all these things, it was more on the lines that this was more emphasized, I guess. I actually asked her out a year ago and got shot down as badly as a duck on the ground.  Most guys would tell you strongly then to GET OVER IT and MOVE ON. Well, unfortunately for me and/or her, I got stuck. I could never shake off that brilliant smile her rich laugh, or her witty remarks, however, you at times see her darker sides. And then you wonder: is it all worth trying for her, when a part of you says "yes" and the other "no?"  (b) If [B] was still at [location] would I still woo her?  Answer: Yes. I saw her recently and she was THE MOST GORGEOUS thing I had ever seen in my life. She blew my mind away! I think I completely lost my composure and seriously screwed up though. But if I had more chances than one, then yes, I'd take all those opportunities and try. Not only because of her physical self, but the fact that her PERSONALITY! My God! Sweet. So now, according to my friend R.J. Kimura, I'm one of those petty romanticists that are at every corner. lol. Pathetic, isn't it?  By the way, we never got too deep in the "Truths" due to the fact my mother decided to intervene. Sorry.