What I like about blogging is that I can rant and vent about things that I don't like about people without having to be rude to someone's face.  This blog is essentially going to be about how certain people annoy me...So if you don't care to read about it, quit now.  I've taken to exploring the world of my fellow bloggers to see what they could blog.  I've decided that there are WAY too many people who can't seem to form their own thoughts.  Foucault this and Nietzsche that.  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for reading philosophers and discovering the theories, thoughts, and whatnot of others.  I think it's great to use the thoughts of others to expand your mind.  But Foucault is only one man and he doesn't know everything.  I think it's dumb to put all your chips into one school of thought.  At least learn how to apply what you've read in Philosophy for Dummies to the world as it exists today.  Read as much as you can....And then form your own thoughts and opinions about it.  Please.  Another kind of person that I've been running into a lot lately is "He Who Knows Everything" or "Let Me Tell You Why I'm Better Than You".  Very annoying.  You don't know everything so get over it.  For whatever reason, I seem to be bumping into this type of person more and more lately.  Example...Tonight at a bar I meet someone I've never met before (who also turns out to be one of those people who expects that I should be afraid of marriage).  He says "Hi I'm ________ and you're Erin.  I've been to your apartment before when our mutual friend was watching your cat.  I noticed your Tori Amos CDs......I got over that phase a long time ago."  Well congratulations darling.  Obviously you are so much better than me.  I really should explain further to justify my annoyance, but it seems pretty clear to me that someone I don't know snooping in my apartment and then using that snooping against me when we meet is annoying.  And I don't feel the need to justify my annoyance to the no one who reads this.  I'm so glad that you were able to "get over" Tori Amos.  However, Tori got me through dark times following a violent sexual assault, so quit judging me because you've decided you're above that type of music.  Let's conclude with happy thoughts....I'm getting married in 12 days to the most wonderful person I know.....And that makes me better than everyone else :)  Just kidding!