A friend of mine told me to check out Margaret Cho's blog (www.margaretcho.com). Honestly it is really good so check it out. While on her website I found these letters to her from really mean, evil, republicans, who didn't know the first thing about her. Some called her Chinese, and others told her to go back to her home country (She was born here you stupid ass WASP). They were upset because of some remark she made about our idiot of a leader. I think she is a better person than I am because she posted them, but me I would have tracked them down like dogs. These people are exactly what is wrong with this country. I am sick of people thinking that the "white man" discovered America....hello, Native Americans that we white men stole land from and murdered. People need to understand that this country is suppose to be about free speech and, religion.  This country is a melting pot of the world's people and that diversity is what still gives me hope that America has not fallen prey to the evil plots of a selfish president.  Given the opportunity and the right leadership America can become strong again and united in diversity. Now these people had every right to say what they wanted but made their attacks personal and childish instead of making a rational view point. This blog is just a outlet for me to flame so if you are still reading, thanks and I promise to wrap it up soon. Don't look at someone's, color, religion,sexual preference as a personal attack but rather a chance to be yourself and not conform to an ideal that NO ONE is.   All I ask is that people treat everyone as an equal, if that were to happen think how far we could go.    Thunder only happens... On a side note every afternoon for the past two weeks it has rained, no poured for about a half an hour.  The sky becomes as dark as night and the air becomes steamy, the sky fills with brilliant flashes of light and the thunder shakes the glass of my windows. I love a good display of mother nature. The best part is when the rain clears and the sun burst through the clouds and the sky becomes so clear and blue. It is almost as the sky has a daily cleaning. Don't you wish that your shower was as entertaining?  Or maybe it is......