I've been engaged since Christmas Eve, so I've just crossed the five-month plateau, and I've only got thirteen months remaining until the big day.  Sometimes I wish that I could get married tomorrow because the wait is absolutely excruciating for the both of us.  It's during times like these that I wish that everybody with an opinion was a mute and that they were overly agreeable with any ideas presented by either myself or my fiance.    As we have planned our big day, I've noticed that there are a lot of times similar to that of a roller coaster: there are ups, downs, and crap where you get spun around, flipped upside down and left feeling very nauseous.  We've got the church (hers, and it's growing on me - I'm not the religious one anyways); we've got the reception location (a very nice golf club that will look very prestigious in June - our choice that we made together); we're doing a sit-down dinner instead of a buffet (my suggestion - and it grew on her after a while); we've got the band (again, my choice); we've got the photographer (her choice); and we've got the florist and invitations being covered by our mothers (just to keep them happy - for about five minutes).  The major point of contention right now is the actual wedding ceremony.  According to my fiance, I'd be fine showing up, exchanging our vows, and being done with the whole thing in ten minutes.  I'm also more concerned with the reception than I am with the ceremony (according to her).  We aren't Catholic, so the wedding isn't officially mandated to be longer than an episode of Law & Order without commercials.  So I guess, in a way, I am not looking to drag the ceremony out.  Look at this from my perspective.  I've dated this woman for over five years now, and by the time we get married, it will be over six.  I don't want to have a super long ceremony when I've been waiting for six years to finally marry her.  I want to get this over with relatively quickly because it's been six years of NOT living together, NOT living in the same home, and NOT being able to spend all of our down time together in the same place.  I'm tired of playing by the rules.  To make matters even worse, my mother and future mother in-law each have their own ideas about how to drag this process on even longer, as if they're secretly saying  "I want you to wait as long as you can until you take out a gun and shoot yourself in the head in the middle of the church."   With my mother (she's the worst right now - but it's died down a little), she would like to hire a soloist to sing these songs that I have NEVER EVEN HEARD OF!  It would be one thing to sing songs that have a significant meaning to us, but my Mom wants to hear "The Water is Wide".    THE WATER IS FREAKING WIDE?!?!?    My mother is from space.  That's the only answer I can come up with.  We're also in "discussions" with the apparent need for a Scottish bagpipe soloist (because Mommy's Scottish), so I guess while this lady stranger is singing songs, the bagpipe guy will really rip one on his pipes.  One thing that needs to be said about bagpipes is that the words "bagpipe" and "solo" do not go together.  It has the tendency to sound like a family of dying cats if played incorrectly.  Oh, and since I'm half Scottish, apparently it would be nice if I wore a quilt (which I thought would be cool - until my fiance shot it down).  No big deal.  Now my mother in-law has been a saint for the whole engagement.  She takes my side in every argument because I do the same for her whenever the opportunity arises.  She's been rumbling lately because she really wants us to do Communion at the ceremony.  I will not do communion, period.  I don't believe that crackers or wine/juice are adequate symbols for Jesus, and I don't care what the Bible says about it.  The church that we're getting married in doesn't provide fancy bread either.  We would get oyster crackers.  How the hell can oyster crackers even come close to representing the body of Jesus?  They don't even represent his toenails in my mind.    So there we have it.  People think that I want a ten minute wedding ceremony because I hate church and I'm more concerned with the party afterwards.  In a way, they're certainly right, but they're right for the wrong reasons.  I'll do ONE soloist, two or three readings by family/friends, exchanging of the vows, and maybe some prayers.  I'm all about class as much as the next guy, but I don't like overkill.