I've always thought it was stupid to be afraid of a family member. Someone you've known for all of your life, who you trusted, loved, even. But as this weekend draws closer my nerves are getting worse and worse. I know that he'll be fine; he'll act like nothing's happened, like I didn't put the phone down on him 3 days ago, sobbing and screaming, like I'm just his little girl again. I want to tell him where to go; give him 5 years worth of repressed hatred and revenge. Doesn't he understand? Doesn't he know that when I look at him, the first thing I think is "He cheated on my mum. Bastard", or when I look at her the first thing I think is "You stole my Dad. Bitch"? Oh, I'm just repeating myself now. And it would seem silly, wouldn't it, me coming out with "I hate you, you left me, how could you etc." 5 years after I discovered what was going on. But I'm so much more confident and articulate now; and surely he's waiting for the backlash... or maybe I've left it so long that he thinks I'm "over" it. Can you ever "get over" it? Can you ever "get over" watching your Dad through the bay window of your living room as he packed his things and drove away to his new girlfriend without so much as a goodbye? It makes me sick to think about it.  Things I need for this weekend:  1. CDs- I would die without them. Seriously, if I didn't have my music I'd just stay in my room for 24 hours. Thinking about it, that sounds like a tempting option...  2. Notebook and pens- to review all the CDs I've brought with me! And to write down Blogs while dad's on the computer, spending money he should be giving me on horses.  3. Money- In case a sudden urge to shop/see a film on my own grabs me  4. Clothes- Girly dressing up sessions are always a great way to cheer yourself up!  5. Books- A wonderful way of being sociable by being in the room, but not having to talk to anyone at the same time- and interesting, too!  6. Walkman- for those long walks I'll be taking around the city centre...  Ceff x   Here's to you for bringing me down