The following article was submitted by Television Critic Historian Hector Schweiber. He has asked to include the following introduction:  "Greetings friends. I introduce to you a landmark discovery in the history of both Television Criticism and Television Criticism Historical Theory. The following review was found in a file cabinet in a thought-to-be-abandoned storage unit Charlotte, North Carolina. It is dated September 16, 1989. This is a lost, unpublished article from MATT MULRONEY - one of the greatest Television Critics of the Twentieth Century and certainly the greatest of the "lost" critics.  "Everyone knows about Mulroney's strange disappearance during the Gulf War. Of course, it wasn't because of fighting in the actual war, but rather in an excursion to a Charlotte Mall where he liked to write his articles. Mulroney never returned, though rumors that he is still alive still circulate! The following article expands his greatness to the level of such amazing critics as Rob Park, Elenoar Batiste, and Samuel Otis. Please appreciate this find, as it is a breakthrough for Television Criticism."   CHARLOTTE NEWS-SENTINEL  September 16, 1989  "MAJOR DAD IS MAJOR BUST"  by MATT MULRONEY  MAJOR DAD, the latest addition the CBS Sunday Night Lineup is a disappointment by any standards, including that of the military! The show centers a dedicated Marine named John D. McGillis (Hello! Name Department!) and his love to liberal reporter Polly Cooper. Is this a recipe for comedy? Nope. Instead, this stale imitation of better shows depends of cheap laughs and the strict military attitude of "Major Dad" to appeal to an audience of idiots. It is unfair to great shows like THE COSBY SHOW and EMPTY NEST that this is included among their pantheon. The worst thing about the show is star Gerald McRaney. So wonderful as the father in THE NEVERENDING STORY, here he does a bad imitation of Douglas MacArthur. MAJOR DAD is a MAJOR disappointment. I predict it will have a running life of two months, after which it will receive a DISHONORABLE DISCHARGE!  Tune in next week for my review of the HILARIOUS season premiere of THE HOGAN FAMILY.  Would you believe that Sandy Duncan has usurped Valerie Harper's place in TV History? Find out next week  (Note from Hector: True to form, Matt Mulroney did not state that Duncan had "usurped" or replaced Harper, but had merely brought a fresh, interesting touch to an already brilliant show.)