Well, I guess I would be considered a good student. I get good grades. I attend classes until I'm so bogged down with assignments that class time takes away from homework time. I take notes, listen in class, and try not to daydream. I think it's normal for even a good student to fall asleep in class sometimes.   But here's what's been bothering me. Since I've entered the Post Degree Program in Elementary Education, my grades have significantly improved. I realize this isn't anything I should be bothered about, but this is just an example of how I am, sometimes. Basically, I've become suspicious as to whether my effort in school has correlation to my grades. Dare I suggest that the teachers are being too lenient? Could they be giving me good grades I don't even deserve? My first theory is that, perhaps, I have learned to work more effectively. Me? The procrastinator? Let me stress, that my work habits have not changed!   This summer semester, I've been taking 3 courses, which means 6 hours of classes consecutively from 8:30-2:30. I chose not to buy the required text books because it didn't seem likely that I would read them. It's summer, com'on! Regardless of having no text book knowledge, I have gotten A's on my last papers, and 80% on a test.. (which I am a bit disappointed about, but considering that I studied for less than an hour, perhaps 80% is quite respectable). I'm confused because if the low-effort I am putting in earns me an A, then how much harder does one work to get an A+ (which in my opinion, is nearly impossible to obtain)? Could it be, that more people than I realize are getting A+'s?    My second theory is that because entrance into the education program was based solely on GPA, this meant that anyone who got in was the "cream of the crop". Our proffesors know this, so perhaps, they are giving me top-notch marks because they know I am a top-notch student, and they are just perpetuating that despite that I barely got into the program, and wasn't an A student to begin with! I was probably more of a B+/A- student before entering the program. I am assuming that many of my colleagues attest to being A/A+ students. But, maybe I am wrong, and they were ALL B+/A- students, like myself...   A final theory is that I may be doing better because my previous years in university has taught me how to jump the hoops. I've learned to jump so well now, that I can't earn anything LESS than an A. What have I learned? Well, when you write a paper, ANY PAPER, you must 1) have a really entertaining intro 2)be concise 3)include either your experience, or how you think the topic would affect you personally (no matter how contrived it is) 4) and make some insightful comment on future research (that makes it sound like you just discovered what you want to do your Masters on.) and 5) make sure you know your APA or MLA format. Nothing shows you are an "average" student like setting up margins wrong. 6) And proof-read. I proof-read some of the time... but when I don't, I always get the comments that tell me I should. Even if the body of your paper is just miminally relevant, you will get nothing short of an A. So in essense, a research paper is very little research. In the case where I don't proof read, I might get an A-.   So maybe what my papers have been missing. I need more guts and I need to remember to proof-read. Interesting thoughts. Well, I've got a paper to do, I'll report on how well it goes later. haha. Rate my rant. I like how I numbered my theories.