Approximately 6 months before graduating, after working like crazy for three and a half years, LaDonne and I found out that instead of receiving a BA and a BS, we would only be receiving one or the other.  LaDonne was set to graduate that month (after fall semester) and had not been informed, which I told the registrar women, and they asked me to "let her know that they had chosen for her."    We pushed the issue, meeting with the Dean, researching other schools' policies, appealing to the academic council, trying to lobby the members of the council.... all to no avail.  We were told it was "student lore" that we would be receiving both degrees and very outlandish that we would think it possible to earn two degrees in only 4 years. Thanks, registrar.  (I won't name any names)  Well, I began looking at the salary differential forms.  I never bothered filling them out since I didn't have any credits besides my bachelor's degree. Then I saw a small clause that said that any credits taken that were not required for your degree could also be counted.  "Wait a second," I thought.  "I wonder if that means all of my music credits could be considered not counting for my Bachelor of Science degree..."   So I emailed the aforementioned registrar and asked for a letter stating the number of excess credits I had taken that were not required for my degree.  She actually PROMPTLY mailed and faxed me a letter, stating that the amount was 52.5!!!  Well, 60 credits extra is considered the equivalent of a master's degree, so with the classes Ive taken here, I was there.    I checked the  urlLink salary schedule  for NYC teachers and I think  that means that I will be making 7,000 more a year!! I submitted the paperwork, and it seems to all be in order, except that I am supposed to have a letter with the school seal on it, and my registrar letter was just on letterhead, but hopefully nobody will notice.    So, maybe this time I am actually grateful that ACI rarely held up what it promised.  And for the staffing choices in certain key departments.