My weekend was not so good.  My Friday began with Shane in the classroom with me chanting that I can't teach, I am a loser, and I have no friends. Normally I wouldn't respond, I only respond when him and I are the only hearing people in the room.  When other hearing people are around I prefer to make it look like he is being a jerk and I am being polite.  Although, when we were alone and he told me "You suck", I informed him of what he could suck. He was surprised because usually I dont reply to his sillyness.  Although everybody knows Shane sits in the back of the classroom making comments to me just to be annoying, today he bothered me.  I hate Mondays and Fridays.  On these two days the entire group is together and there are no plans.  Basically the teachers take turns thinking of things on the spot to do with the students.  I am not that good.  Besides the fact that I am nervous teaching the whole group (not the students, the other teachers and aides) because my sign sucks, I can never think of anything to do.  So on Friday when Shane said, you suck, you cant teach, I started to believe him. And when he said, you have no friends, I believed him...I don't really have any friends in Hartford...It bothered me and I dont know why.  Shane grew up here, thats why he knows people....he never left his hometown...thats pathetic...of course he can sign...his older brother is Deaf...Shane learned sign the same time he learned to talk...so why am I comparing myself to him and getting   depressed that he is so much better than me?  Grr  On Friday, my students were all "off."  The Prom is coming up, so I thought it would be cute to practice dancing.  We all stood in a circle and went around going in the circle and dancing.  Since I can't dance, I grabbed Shane and him and I slow danced in the middle.  I looked over at Brad and he had a weird look on his face, so I said, "what? you jealous?"  Shane cracked up and Brad replied that "payback is a virtue."  hehe  I Love gay guys.  Then, out of nowhere, Jeff whacks K in the face.  K is new from India and is sickly thin.  She also has Cerebral Palsy.  Ya know in cartoons how people get hit and their bones turn to a pile of dust on the ground...I thought that would happen when Jeff hit her.  I don't know where Shane was, beacuse Brad was the one who took Jeff, sat him down and tried to calm him down.  Shane reappeared and Jeff stood up and yelled while signing, "I'm Mad!"  Time for an emergency out.  When Jeff goes off it is not safe for people to be around...Jeff started walking towards me because I was near the door, and Shane tackled him to the ground.  When Jeff is "off" he is not to be close to any indivdiual except for Shane who is his aide.  But, I got all the other students safely into the other room.    A few minutes later, another student starts banging the table and screaming.  Time for another emergency out.  This kid is not dangerous like the other one is though.  He is autistic and cant express himself.  But, I got all the students to another room.  It was quite a day.  Friday night I drove down to Bill's and the three of us (me, Bill, Jen) took a train into Grand Central.  Peggy was having a party because Kevin Henderson was in town, Chuck's 30th birthday, a welcome back from Europe for Noreen and to make her announcement that this year, to honor her 50th birthday, she is retiring.  She is retired as of Monday.  Quickly into the party I became very withdrawn.  I told everybody I was really tired and worn from my challanging life, but the truth was, I was very depressed and was trying to fight back tears.  In social situations such as that one, I cannot hold a conversation.  With background music and many people talking, I cannot hear the other person speaking.  Now, this wasn't like a crowded bar with loud music and everybody screaming into each others ears.  It was more like a coffee shop.  But, when sitting across the room on a couch, while everybody else could hear what was being said, I could not.  From now on I need to avoid parties like that.  It is very uncomfortable for me to pretend to be following a conversation when I can't hear what is being said.  Saturday was Chuck's 30th birthday poker party.  The tournament cost $30, a dollar for every year Chuck has lived.  I came home with -$25.  Meaning I won back $5.  It was fun.  I want to do the same thing with my friends.  Maybe I can grab some people in Rochester to play with me.  I can't wait to go back to Rochester.  I have friends there and my own apartment.  Lately all I want to do is be alone.  I met Paige's husband.  I am not really a big fan of him.  I mean, he is a nice guy and ok to talk to, but I think my Little Paige can do better.  I have met Kevin before, but this was the first time I actually sat down and talked to him.  Maybe I will like him more when I get to know him better.  A few more weeks until Laura's baby is born.  Crazy stuff.  Life is changing so drastically lately, but I am staying the same.