I'm not sure why it's so hard for me to post.  Probably because I wonder who actually reads this but then again what difference does it make?  I'll just say whatever with no specific purpose or audience in mind.  I have a difficult time committing myself to anything.  It's amazing I've committed to a relationship.  Life is strange sometimes.  It's strange how one day someone is your closest friend and months later you've lost contact.  It's strange how in college you are forced to make a career decision only to find out years later that you've made a mistake.  It's strange how things that you once cared about aren't as important anymore.  It's strange how what was once inconceivable is now understood.  What other surprises does life have for me?  I wonder.  Why is it that I always seem to miss the past even though at the time I was bored?  For example, when I lived in and attended college in Bowling Green, Ohio I was ready to move on.  I couldn't wait to graduate and begin working.  I don't mind my "grown-up" life, but sometimes I miss my college days.  I miss sitting on the porch at my apartment and watching the rain.  I miss making pizzas with my little son who now feels he is responsible for me.  I miss my friends.  I miss the exploring girls (plural because there was more than a few)and sex with girls.  I talked to my ex-girlfriend the other night.  The only one I've ever loved besides my current girlfriend.  She told me that I required time.  I remember her saying that to me years ago and thinking to myself "What a silly b*tch!"  Looking back, I realized she had a point.  I've always felt like no one knew me better than myself.  I'm like Shrek, you know.  I've got layers!  I've always felt like as my current girlfriend puts it, I've long ago come into myself.  Now, I realize I'm constantly learning new things about myself.  I'm sometimes surprised by what I find.  I'm so much like my parents it's frightening!  I'm not 100% satisfied with my life, but I've felt more content in these "grown-up" years than ever before.  For once, I don't feel like there's some other place I should be or doing something differently.  I'm okay, you know?  I don't like my job (teaching), but at least I have job security, benefits, and a decent salary.  That's more than many people can say in these days of Bush.  I've got plenty to be thankful for. I've got plenty to pray on.  I've been sitting here for the past few months watching and listening as the lives of others unfold.  There's a lot to be said for observation.  Partly, because the observer sees it all from start to finish.  The observer isn't distracted by the actual events and people because the observer isn't involved physically or emotionally.  This one in particular has helped me to understand that there is no magic age of understanding and wisdom.  Everyone does it at his or her own pace.  People are still figuring things out well into old age.