Maddy is my tabby cat. She is mostly white, has a mask of brown and black over one eye, a heavy patch of brown and black over her back, and a dark tail. Her belly is soft and white except for one small smudge of brown. I find the smudge charming.     Her and I are quite alike. You know how they say pets and their owners are alike? Maddy and I are an example of this. Maddy likes her alone time. She also likes to be touched, but only on her own terms. Sometimes she will climb onto my computer chair from the back and then slide herself into my lap, demanding attention and affection. If need be, she will get up and stand infront of the computer screen. I pet her and push her down into my lap so that I can surf the net and keep her happy.     I love to accost Husband when he is watching tv on the couch. When he sits there with that blank look on his face, it tells me he could use a big hug. Am I wrong? I sneak up to the side of him, and quickly slip into a straddle position, clipping my arms around his neck and pressing my body into his. Then I smile. If he doesn't put his arms around me, I will prompt him verbally, "hug me!" or physically, by lifting his heavy arms onto my back. Whatever it takes, I will do it. I try not to stick my head in his line of the television or kiss him though, because I know that he will start to pull my body off of him, (and he often succeeds after a few tries). But afterwards, he usually gives in to my request of a "good hug and a good kiss" which negatively reforces him of his tv time back. The criteria of a "good hug and a kiss" is a good  solid  hug, and a kiss that lasts for atleast 3 seconds. And he can't just stick his lips out like a duck. He's got to show some love.     That's about it. We're brats. We get our way. And there's nothing else to it.     Lately, I have noticed that Maddy is more affectionate after she's had her catnip. When we shake the container around her, she gets excited and stressed at the same time.   Put a bottle of Baileys in front of me and guess what happens?    Of course, there are times when Maddy would prefer not like to be touched. Her nickname is "Miss Backer-Upper" at these times because she just ducks down and scoots away backwards when you reach for her. She'll also arch her back under so that your hand can barely brush her fur.   I don't find myself in those kind of situations often, but the other day when Husband and I were at Sears looking at refrigerators and the salesguy gave Husband his business card and then put his arm on my shoulder for a second to say thanks for coming. I was wearing a spaghetti strap tanktop and really did not appreciate skin contact with anyone other than my Husband. I growled inside glared at him disapprovingly. It would have been much funnier if I had shrank away.   Nothing to conclude here. Just some tidbits.