Today fuckin sucks so far, I have cramps from hell and no advil.  Damn the man!  Last night I got home from work, made dinner (bbq pork chops, mashed potatoes, and peas.  By the way... when did i turn into my mother???), Cop's mom came over for a little bit, then Cop and his wife went to counseling and I babysat.  It was so much fun!  I took them both outside with a little foam bat and ball, and a water gun, I sat the baby in his little bouncy chair and I played with the 3 year old in the grass for like 2 hours.  I finally got him to start speaking spanish to me, which is big!  He's fluent in spanish and english, but won't usually speak spanish when he's at our house.  Last night he would talk to me in english and I would reply in spanish until he finally started speaking it too.  That was about it, then I watched Patch Adams and went to bed.  So, about the rest of the weekend... on Sunday I was sitting watching TV when Cop's wife comes in and asked me if Cop had talked to me about her and the boys moving in with us.  I was like, ummmmm NO!  WTF???  She got really pissed at him, and said that he told her to go get all her stuff from her mom's house and bring it to our apt. because he wants her to move in.  She asked him if he had talked to me about it and he said yes, that I was fine with it.  I was SO fuckin pissed when she told me that!  I told her that I don't think she should move in, that the situation is difficult enough with her being her 4-5 days a week much less living there.  So no, I don't want her to move in.  All they do is argue and fight, she's way too jealous of me and anyone else he gives any kind of attention too, it would cause way too many financial problems, and the 2 bedroom apartment is just way too small for 5 people, including two little ones, to permanently live there.  They only have 4 more months until the lease is up, then they can do whatever they want.  So she of course wanted to confront him about his lies, and asked me if I cared if she told him what I said.  Hell no I don't care, I want him to get busted.  So she goes in his room and was like "Why the fuck did you lie to me about talking to Elizabeth about us moving in?"  He denied it until he knew he was busted, then he said it must've been a misunderstanding on my part, then he admitted that he knew I wouldn't want them to move in, but if they did it anyway I couldn't say anything, and would just have to get over it.  She was like "ummm no!  It's her place too you fuckin asshole!  You can't do shit like that without discussing it with her first."  He's like "well it doesn't matter anymore, since you opened your big mouth and told her now you really can't move in."  Oh my god, I can't tell you how pissed I was when I found all of this out.  I've done everything for this fuckin asshole, I've bent over backwards to help him out.  I gave him a place to stay, (I supported him for 2 months), food, money, advice, you name it... I've done it for him.  And this is what he turns around and does???  My supposed best friend of 8 years???  Now you see why I don't fuckin trust anyone?  Everyone I've ever trusted has screwed me in one way or another.  Ok, I realize I might be over reacting, but it just really sucks when you do so much for someone and they turn around and try to screw you.    So THEN... Mama's boy calls me on Sunday and we talked for like an hour about anything and everything, he made sure to tell me like 3-4 times that he's not with the girl he was dating anymore.  Why did he tell me this so many times?  I have no idea.  It was a good conversation though, we didn't fight once.  Very odd, I know.  Well, that's it for now.  I think I've reached my bitching limit for the day.  See ya!