urlLink Incorporating Family Work into Individual Counseling: Establishing a Relationship with Families. ERIC Digest.    This ERIC Digest is by David Kaplan and Melody Cole.    From the ERIC Digest:  As stated in the American Counseling Association Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice, "Counselors recognize that families are usually important in clients' lives and strive to enlist family understanding and involvement as a positive resource where appropriate" (1995). This digest will provide an overview of basic family counseling concepts for counselors whose specialty is in an area other than marriage and family counseling.    The counseling relationship accounts for fully thirty percent of client progress (Lambert, 1992). In Family Counseling for All Counselors, Kaplan (in press) posits that achieving a positive relationship with a client's family can be difficult. Family members often initially challenge the counselor's authority due to protectiveness and embarrassment. People tend to be much more protective of their families than they are of themselves, and they do not like to admit that a stranger is needed to handle family problems. It is the counselor's responsibility to establish a therapeutic relationship under these circumstances. When the counselor is able to successfully navigate this initial stage, the therapeutic nature of the counseling relationship is enhanced for both the presenting client and the familial unit. Conversely, a family that remains distrustful of the counselor will not allow progress to occur.    There are two pivotal areas the counselor and client must address upon deciding to involve a family in the client's counseling sessions: how to get the family to come into the office, and how to conduct the first session so as to increase the likelihood that subsequent sessions will occur when necessary. There are several practical steps a counselor should take to facilitate the establishment of a positive therapeutic relationship with families. These steps include: displaying professional credentials, dressing appropriately for the session, providing a comfortable seating arrangement, and obtaining informed consent. Establishing rapport and a relationship with clients is only the first step in counseling, but it is one that sets the tone for the therapeutic experience.