i really feel woozy and i mean it. i'm chatting with one of my friends and he's decided to  commit suicide . i'm serious, man. feelin like shit now coz i cant prevent it from happening...and i'm basically in a state of disbelief...my shoulders seem heavy and i...shit...God help me...i dont have the ability, and i cant feel like stirred up by my camp, even though i promised to read the Bible...  y'know, my youth church camp is over, and i cant bring myself to pray at night and read the Bible and stuff, you know, bein spiritual...the veil is so thick sometimes...  ...i wish that he would stop slashing himself now...he's chatting with me now, and he wants nothing to stop him from doin' it...................y'know what? i think he's dead now...my hands are trembling...stop, i'm cryin man...my heads ballooning...i need the toilet...gosh... back... i forgot abt the experience at the sph news center camp...all i can say is it was fun...it was...im not bein sarcastic, and i look forward to goin tomorrow... i'm afraid to face tomorrow...the headlines... i'm going to write a poem for my friend...   i'm cryin' man i'd never thought i would see anyone commit suicide you were the first i will never forget that you know what? if u ever read this, i want you to know i really wanted to preach the gospel to you but you told me not to be holy i'm sorry about that if u changed your mind halfway through the process please don't ever do that again if such a small misunderstanding escalated into this u need help help that i was unable to offer i'm sorry i wonder about that pain u felt did it really help? to stop everything? to make your life stop?  i cannot believe my ears shock is registered in my fingers they are trembling i feel clammy the wind from my window... i wish it stopped blowing into my face as soon as you told me you were gonna die i heard a car accident on the expressway i heard death i tell you what, my friend when the very last drop of life seeps out of you something will happen u are going to be a harbinger of a strong event that will change things u may not believe me but thats how i feel do u trust me? i cannot think i feel woozy i... go in peace my friend i know you want me to carry on u changed my life u were wrong to say it made no difference i will always remember your last words "bye dan, [peace] to you too" i end here... collapsing sobbing why? i wanna scream let it all out i felt like that before but i never dared to take action i wish u never did that i pleaded to deaf ears fine i will stop this vain ranting right away go, man i will remember you i dont know how to end i hope you... i dont know i'm sorry, man shit i will say that painful word to you, with all my heart: bye...  there it is... the wind is blowing really hard i am afraid to utter what is on my mind are you dead? im speechless i zone out... no. no no no  NO!!!! nothing will help, i know i'm just left with the fact that i couldnt help i'm so sorry forgive me dont go...