I've checked out the upcoming 3 star kayaking course with Paddleculture and hopefully will be able to make it for the upcoming course in June. Really wana complete at least untill the level of 3 star certification in terms of kayaking...dowan to stop halfway though. If possible, maybe i will sign up for the Level 1 coaching course but this one need money...need to save first. Sometimes i am doubting if i did the right thing in spending on these courses. On one hand i am wasting money in the eyes of others. On the other, i am investing in my future. The possession of such professional certification can help me secure a job more easily...especially in the outdoor activities arena. In fact, one of my job options after graduation would be teaching...maybe in the form of a history or PE teacher. These certification will certainly come in handy.  Well...a coaching license will certainly look well on my resume in the form of leadership capabilities.   Spoke to my former classmate. Michelle,  whom i known as a classmate, for the 2nd longest in my life. A total of 16 yrs....since primary 1. Reminscing on the past and crapping on the present. As she was a very good playmate ( stop thinking dirty!!!!) in primary sch.....ping pong .....catching .....TKD. WHen we were on the topic of TKD, i told her that i have not done my 1st dan conversion and she suggested that i return to my club and do the conversion. I was thinking this is actually a good idea. A 1st dan certification in TKD can help me in many ways. But the thing is tat i have stopped practising TKD for almost 8 yrs liao.....i forgot everything liao.....now so fat and slow...how can i keep up with the pace of a TKD training siah. Not like last time so young, boundless energy and ultra flexible ( no joke, my legs are ultra flexible...can do splits easily okie...hahaha) Friday ....the training...maybe i go down a take a look before deciding anything.   La La La La La.....Went Hougang K-Box today with jones and gang. Supposed to be a multi-sexual outing ( i mean different sexes...dont get me wrong) but the non-males all play us out. In the end , it was a MENs' nite...as usual :( Learnt something new today....Pubs have ladies nite...K-box have Men's nite today......sang from 9 pm to 3am....Sing unitll Nuah.  Received a call from my closest cousin ( i dont have many cousins though). So good to hear from her again. I think almost 1 yr plus neber see her liao. She was always so helpful towards my bro and me. I was introduced to wake-boarding by her. Even though it was 3am in the morning, i felt so refreshed after hearing her voice. Should be the warmth of a family member in her voice. WAs supposed to meet her for supper but had to very very very last minute cancel. I felt so bad cos she was already on the way to meet me liao. Guessed there will always be another chance.    Many people asked me today when am i getting my class 3 license since i already possess a 2B license. I would want to obtain one soon. But once again it is the $$$ factor. Actually a class 3 license is not essential for me now cos my family doesn't posses a car. I dont have much chance to use it either. But having one is a form of insurance for the future. Who knows when i will be required in the driving seat. After possessing a 2B license for more than 2 yrs, i know the dangers and hassle of riding a bike. I have my fair share of near misses in the past.Sooner or later i would have to switch from riding to driving. Just a matter of time   it is late liao...goona koonz liao ..... Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know