All beginnings are hard and so it was with beginning undergarduate at the University of Arkansas in 1988, with the fire drills, sharing bathrooms, the cafeteria, and the nutty social dynamics of dorm life. I was a physics major and thought I knew what I wanted and where I was going. Boy did things turn out different than I had planned. I am from Texas but both my parents had grown up in Arkansas and Missouri and I had relatives spattered all around Fayetteville. It was a grand time, full of new experiences, new discoveries, many epiphanies, and lasting friendships.   The unfettered coyotes: I met Wendy during one of the countless fire drills and we became fast friends, sharing many wonderful conversations. I have a poor poor memory, but the memories I have of Wendy include riding around in her beat up old green gas guzzling car and the time when we saw a very sweet little bird sitting near her car as we were parking one day and how she said, "Awe, how cute" then turned to me and said "let's kill it!". . . I remember her long red hair, her dulcimer, and her beautiful singing voice and how she hated for me to sing to the Fine Young Cannibals. Shannon I encountered a bit later. She was (still is) an ornery spirit, chocked full of energy, and always planning some fun adventure. The times with her I remember include a trip to the park in the back of a pickup flaunting a condom for no apparent reason and grinning mischievously. I also remember how every single male followed her with their eyes at every restaurant the three of us went to . . . and not more than once, having our conversation interrupted by the advances of one of those young men, only to be turned down by our lovely girl as Wendy and I rolled our eyes at one another. The three of us spent a good deal of time sitting around in one of our rooms (usually mine since it was the neatest, to my surprise!) where we would talk and laugh and enjoy our days together.  My trajectory: I spent two years in the physics program at the University of Arkansas. I more enjoyed my history classes and playing the violin in the orchestra than physics (and all that damn math). I had decided to transfer from the U of A when 30 scientists, including several physicists, left due to lack of funding. It took just a few months after my transfer was in motion for me to realize just how much physics and I were not compatible. For one thing, I wanted to be out of doors and physicists spend a lot of time in doors. In fact, I was sitting in a lab, learning about AC and DC current staring out the window when it dawned on me that I would forever be in such surroundings. After I transferred to Texas Tech University, I spent another three years in school, changing my major to a double in History and Philosphy (I love Philosophy) until I discovered, at the end of my fourth year, that I wanted to be an archaeologist. I dropped philosophy and graduated with my History degree with a minor in Anthropology, Philosphy and Math. I spent the rest of my years until now in Archaeology, three years working in the field and eight years in graduate school.