So I talked to J yesterday, and told him I was upset about being ditched on Saturday. He was having a blah day.  And he did not listen to me at all - simply saying, "look I am sorry, I don't know what else to say" so that I looked like a fucking bitch for being mad at all.  I am less than satisfied with his explanation, and I think he has blown it off to me being on my period.  Whatever, I am still really hurt because I think I have been a fucking wicked friend to J and I am feeling a bit taken advantage of.  I am just so disatisfied with life right now.  J is the one person that I thought understood where I was coming from - depressed to be living in this shithole, and in need of a hand to hold, but his problems and moods always seem to take presidence.  I have put him on friend probation, which I think he has taken as a joke, and I guess it is because I am so desperately unhappy that I will take a crappy friend over no friends.  OK, J isn't a crappy friend... he has just been pretending to be a crappy friend for the last little bit.  The final draft of my masters thesis is due in a couple of days, and there are just so many holes in it.  I didn't realize, and of course a month and a bit away from it has left me with 20/20 vision that makes me cringe.  How did my committee let me pass?  Ridiculous!  I actually stayed in bed this morning because I didn't want to face the music.  Avoidance is my favorite coping mechanism - which of course really only serves to compound my anxiety because I now have precious little time to fix all my mistakes!  I know, I am a retard.  One more update:  I went back to the candy store.  My future bf was working, and I managed to squeak out a question about A's favorite candy... "My friend A and I were here last week, and she asked you for a specific candy - do you remember what it was?"  I know, lame.  That is me.  I am going to get a t-shirt made up, in fact.  "I am lame".  Anyway, he quickly found the nerds rope that I was seeking, and then bounced off to answer a phone call.  Not only did my pathetic excuse to talk to him not lead into the witty conversation that I had hoped for, but when I was paying for my goodies, I overheard him say to some unknown on the other end of the line, "yeah, I should be home in 25 minutes" and it sounded as if the unknown on the other end shared said home.  Although he could have been planning a night out with the boys, and was just referring to when he would be at home to change etc.  Whatever, I am over-analyzing the situation, I know, but my strategy for years has been to expect the worst, that way you are pleasantly suprised rather than bitterly disappointed when things don't work out the way you expect.  Although, my way always means it fucking sucks when you are right.    Anyway, I have decided to put a PSST in the Coast in order to try to get his attention.  Or at least to put some positive vibes out in the world, so that he can feel good about himself...that is always nice.  Perhaps his good mood, inspired by my note, will cause a chain reaction that will culminate in me meeting the man of my dreams, who is not in fact the candyman, but some completely unrelated stranger to both of us, removed by 6 degrees of separation.  (I thought I might give hope a try this time, since after reading the last paragraph bitter disappointment now seems more appealing that the smug, lonely self-satisfaction I have been feeling for the past 3 years.  Wish me luck!)