i think that he’s worried that i still have feelings for him, which is probably why he won’t tell me anything about this “mystery girl” that he is meeting for the first time tomorrow…or today…whatever.  i don’t think he understands.  i wish he knew that i really don’t want to date him.  i feel bad saying it, but i honestly think that i can do better.  not that there’s anything wrong with him.  i've been over him for a while actually, even if there is a bit of flirting that still goes on back and forth.  the way i see it is that we have both been filling a temporary void and releasing built-up emotions.  i'm not attached...the physical aspect of our "relationship" means nothing to me.  and i know that it means nothing to him.  i've always been just another number, and i'd be perfectly fine if we never touched again.  don't get me wrong, i do love him...but no matter how strong that love truly is, it's not the same kind of love that holds 2 together.  i actually feel bad because i feel like i've been using him in a way.  but then again, it's not like he hasn't made me feel used at times either…  i realize now that he doesn't want me to touch him at all...not even a hug...because of his infatuation with this other girl he hasn't even met yet.  i'm completely okay with that, i just wish he'd tell me instead of being mean to me.  it kind of hurts.  sort of like rejection but not quite.  the part that hurts is that i feel like he doesn't trust me or consider me a good enough friend to know about this girl or to communicate about my actions directly with me.  i don’t even know why he considers me to be a friend if he can’t even communicate with me or share things with me.  if only he understood that the reason i'm jealous is because i'm afraid of losing his friendship, then maybe he would let me be part of his life.  i would try to explain it to him, except i don't think he'd ever believe me...  anyway, i wish him lots of luck with this thing tonight.  i hope she turns out to be the girl of his dreams.  he deserves to finally find happiness.  i just hope he’s careful, because infatuation is a dangerous thing, and the fact that they are both so “in love” with the idea of the other scares me.