Came to work, and have so little to do.  Most people want reference help today.  Of course the librarian doesn't come in until 1:00 PM today.  When he/she gets in, they'll have their work cut out for them.  When I worked on Friday, I didn't realize that reference bailed out on us before we closed the place.  People were asking me all sorts of questions I couldn't answer.  I did my best, but it was clear that they needed the librarian.    Almost forgot about daylight savings time.  Would have came to work an hour earlier if left to my own devices.  Yet I still managed to go to bed late.  LOL  Finished most of my homework.  I still have another day to fix my web pages for a grade.  I'm getting nervous.  I had hoped to be done by Saturday.  After class, went to grocery store.  Bought ingredients for beef stew.  Somebody has to cook the rice today, 'cause I did the stew last night.  I got home after 6:00 pm to cook.  Didn't finish until 11:30 PM.  I took my time.  I wanted the meat tender before I added the vegetables.  I may have put in too much veggies, but it will make it more filling IMHO.  I get this feeling my brother won't make the rice.  I'll do it when I get home (around 5:30 today).  Bought my niece the Lion King DVD last week-end.  She's such a cutie.  I'd love to get her more gifts.  Maybe something she can learn from.  I'll have to put thought into that one.  I'd like to make sure she gets family support in addition to her parental support. :-)  It makes me feel good knowing she's getting proper love and attention.  I've never been an uncle before, so I'm leaning and growing.  That is just the most precious moment I think I've had in a long time.   I'm savoring that one.  My novel.  LOL  Hadn't touched on it in a while.  I was writing an essay on the direction I wanted to take when I was so interrupted by a phone call (several phone calls). I'm like "hey this is my time," and people are like "but I need."  sigh, nobody listens, but they want me to pay attention.  LOL.  When I get home I'm making all the time I need for my essay.  it's long overdue.