Last night I looked out of the window...   ...And what did I see?  Snow . Fucking snow. For those of you that claim that Canadia isn't a block of ice all year long:  It fucking feels like it is . Now, let me set this clear - I don't mind the cold. I don't even mind the humidity (if I did, I'd have left Corpus Christi after a month). I mind the  wind and the snow . The wind, because it gets between your clothes and makes the cold unbearable. The snow because I have to scrape it off the fucking windshield every morning. Which is a bad thing if you leave your gloves in the car. Well, on the good side, my DPs are nice and cold.  I got the judge's comments back from my presentation for the conference 2 weeks ago. They were pretty much as expected - raving on the delivery part, good on the content part. Although one of them miscounted. Not that it would matter I think. I kind of expected them to complain a bit about the lack of content - basically one of the reasons was that it wasn't as much research as the results from the work we had been doing at HpCDC. That, and the fact that I wanted to prove to this one grad student that you  can  do a presentation about how something  doesn't  work and get away with is. And I did. Because you can. And like the last time I used it, they loved my penguin analogy.  This morning I got an e-mail from the CSCF (Computer Science Computing Facility) saying that they were working on my PC for my cubicle, and that deserves a big cheer, because I hate the terminals. Can't even get a decent curses-based UI to work. So basically they were asking me about details for the installation. I figured that I'd want to keep it exclusively for work, and restrict gaming to my laptop, so I asked them to install Debian on it. Of course if the hardware is nice enough I might be persuaded to throw Q3A on it, hehe. And the other good thing is that depending on the setup I might even be able to use it as a gateway for the laptop, and then I'll be able to apt-get from there as well. And if I can't, then I will at least be able to use it as an apt cache. Either way, it's a win-win situation.