Countdown: 307 days      Are your palms sweaty, is your heart racing and is your voice caught within your chest?   It is not love, it's like.   You can't keep your eyes or hands off them, am I right?   It isn't love, it's lust.   Are you proud and eager to show them off?   It isn't love, it's luck.   Do you want them because you know they are there?   It isn't love , it's loneliness.   Are you there because it's what everybody wants?   It isn't love, it's loyalty.   Are you there because they kissed you or held your hand?   It isn't love, it's low confidence.   Do you stay for their confessions of love because you don't want to hurt them?   It isn't love, it's pity.   Do you belong to them because their sight makes your heart skip a beat?   It isn't love, it's infatuation.   Do you pardon their faults because you care about them?   It isn't love, it's friendship.   Do you tell them every day they are the only one you think of?   It isn't love, it's a lie.   Are you willing to give up all your favorite things for their sake?   It isn't love, it's charity.      NOW GET A LOAD OF THIS.      Does your heart ache and break when they are sad?   Then it's love.   Do you cry for their pain, even when they are strong?   Then it's love.   Do their eyes see your true heart, and touch your soul so deeply that it hurts?   Then it's love.   Do you stay because a blinding, incomprehensible mix of pain and relation pulls you close and holds you there?   Then it's love.   Do you accept their faults because they are a part of who they are?   Then it's love.   Are you attracted to others, but stay with them faithfully without regret?   Then it's love.   Would you allow them to leave you, not because they want to but because they have to?   Then it's love.   Would you give them your heart, your life?   Then it's love.      Definition of Love      When you think of your past love, you may view it as a failure. But when you find a new love, you view the past as a teacher. In the game of love, it doesn't really matter who won or who lost. What is important is you know when to hold on and when to let go! You know you really love someone when you want him or her to be happy, even if their happiness means that you're not part of it. Everything happens for the best. If the person you love doesn't love you back, don't be afraid to love someone else again, for you'll never know unless you give it a try. You'll never love a person you love unless you risk for love. Love strives in hurting. If you don't get hurt, you don't learn how to love. Love doesn't hurt all the time. Though the hurting is still there to test you, to help you grow. Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love because you don't force yourself to fall. You just fall. You cannot finish a book without closing it's chapters. If you want to go on, then you have to leave the past as you turn the pages. Love is not destroyed by a single failure or won by a single caress. It is a lifetime venture in which we are always learning, discovering and growing. The greatest irony of love is letting go when you need to hold on and holding on when you need to let go. We lose someone we love only when we are destined to find someone else who can love us even more than we can love ourselves. On falling out of love, take some time to heal and then get back on the horse. But don't ever make the same mistake of riding the same one that threw you the first time. To love is to risk rejection, to live is to risk dying, to hope is to risk failure. But risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is risk nothing! To reach for another is to risk involvement, to expose your feelings is to expose true self, to love is to risk not to be loved in return. How to define love: fall but do not stumble, be constant but not too persistent, share and never be unfair, understand and try not to demand, hurt but never keep the pain. Love is like a knife. It can stab the heart or it can carve wonderful images into the soul that always last for a lifetime. Love is supposed to be the most wonderful feeling. It should inspire you and give you joy and strength. But sometimes the things that give you joy can also hurt you in the end. Loving people means giving them the freedom who they choose to be and where they choose to be. For all the heartaches and the tears, for gloomy days and fruitless years, you should give thanks, for you know, that there were the things that helped you grow. Loving someone means giving him the freedom to find his way, whether it leads towards you or away from you. Love is a painful risk to take but the risk must be taken no matter how scary or painful, for only then you'll experience the fullness of humanity and that is love. Only love can hurt your heart, fill you with desire and tear you apart. Only love can make you cry and only love knows why. If you're not ready to cry, if you're not ready to take the risk, if you're not ready to feel the pain, then you're not ready to fall in love. There was a time in our lives when we became afraid to fall in love cause every time we do, we get hurt, then i figured that's why it's called falling in love. Whatever happened, don't give up! It is just a trial. After all God will not give you trial that you can't tackle. Have faith in yourself and cheer up. No matter what will happen, I'm always a friend at your back to support you.. with the right decision. But then if it's the wrong track as to where you want to go… I'm one of your greatest enemy.      Jacked from  Anna-chan . XP I've been doing that a lot lately...      Anyway, this made me think a lot. I know it's probably best if I just push him from my mind, but I can't seem to do it. I said once upon a time that love is happiness, but I'm anything but happy now. This gave me some perspective and I realize now that love isn't happiness, not all the time. Love can cause happiness, but it can also cause great hurt and pain. So...I have come to redefine my definition of love.      Love is wanting to be with someone so much that no amount of hurt or sorrow is enough to stand in your way. Love can feel wonderful, but it can also hurt so bad that some days all you want to do is crawl under your blankets and cry. That is love. At least...for now.