I'm his   inspiration...   Good Gods... Even scarier... This doesn't totally horrify me... Oh Gods... I'd still rather have Michael... Nuttin better than a hot goth boy. Mumsy won't like him, though. He's bi, and he's gothic. She's homophobic and believes stereotypes. Not good for me. I'm bi, too, and I'd love to be gothic. Can't wait till college. Though, if I'm going to be a piercer like I want to be, I might not go to college. I might be a potter, in which case I'd go to school, learn pottering, and then be a piercer, see how it goes, then have pottery to fall back on. Fnah! I'm his   inspiration...    In a truck stop in France )so funny) I saw a kid... French kid, probably 10 or 11... white boy... little chubby... and yah know what? He was ghetto! It was hysterical... he had the bandanna and a dirty south jersey... I laughed so hard. Really, who expects to see a ghetto French white boy?! Ahhh... Grandma goes home tomorrow, and as I was saying good night to her tonight, I realized how much time I've wasted when she was here. I stayed in my room... It was awful. We stood there hugging for a few minutes, and she started crying, then I started crying, and now I'm crying again! I'm gonna miss her, and I wasted so much time... At least we played backgammon a lot, and We bonded over being disgusted by cigarettes. I'm gonna miss her. And she invited me to go stay at her house two summers from now, but my parents won't let me because Pig lives there. He's the fat ass room mate who's been staying at my grandma's house for 15 years. He's rude to everybody, and he once held a shotgun (loaded) to my uncle's head. Grandma won't make him leave because she's afraid he'd kill her and her pets. My mom's looking into finding out his criminal record, though, and she might be able to get him arrested for something (we're pretty sure he's a fugitive.). He's said before that he killed one of his troops during a war because (please keep in mind I don't normally use this language) he 'didn't want no n****** on his boat.' Anyways, so maybe mum'll have him out of there soon, or he'll drop dead.