THERE WERE MANY  children in our neighborhood, although, for me, this comprised only the distance along the street between two Meralco electric light posts. Sometimes, we strayed farther, as when a kite string snapped; if the wind were strong we would even go across the railway track, which was unfenced in those days.  Entong was a rascal and we were all afraid of him. We called him Cutil Butil because he had a growth of some kind near his right ear the size of a grain of corn; he didn’t seem to mind the nickname, being used to it. When in one of our games he had been winning and was beginning to lose, he would get up and say: “I don’t like to play anymore. My mother might be calling me.” And then he would scurry off. I tried the same trick on him once, but he accompanied me to our house and cried real, big tears at the foot of the stairs, telling my mother that I had run away with his shells. Mother would not listen to me, and I had to return the shells I had won from him.  We could not tell Entong’s mother about him. She was a widow and a drunkard. Most of the day she plucked cankong, a kind of vegetable [that] she sold in the market, in the wet fields along the railroad track. Besides Entong, she had a number of other children[,] two of whom were married but still lived with her in the little one-room house. When she drunk callejon with her skirt stained with the mud of the wet fields and the green of the cankong leaves, shouting bad words at everybody. Sometimes, I saw her take a bath. Her hair was short and grey and her breasts were withered. When the children cried at night, their mothers would say: “Stop, now, stop. Here comes Apung Enchang!” And the little creatures would stop crying for fear.  Then there was Bo, whom we called Cusing because he was so small and frail. He made you think of a half-centavo. He could not fight, and often would go home crying. When the ground was muddy, he would frequently slip and tumble down. Entong was always cheating him.  Another boy lived just in front of our house across the callejon—in the house with the electric lights. We used only a kerosene lamp. Unlike the rest of us, he always wore regular pants, and sometimes he would come out and play, very clean and with powder all over his face. He looked like a girl to us, and, in fact, he often played with the girls, especially with the little mestiza girl with the bobbed hair who spoke Spanish. Oning was her name. We called him Bacla. He hated the nickname very much. His real name was Yoyong.  His father was a clerk—a chief clerk, I think. When he came home from the office in the afternoon he always had bundles of large[,] brown [envelopes] with him. He smoked big cigars. When he talked with Oning’s father[,] they spoke in Spanish. They would laugh loudly and shrug their shoulders, looking very wise. My father, as he sewed in his chair near our window, would peer at them through his glasses, and sometimes[,] he[,] too[,] would smile. He could also speak Spanish. He had been a soldier during the Spanish times. Now[,] was only a tailor. I often wondered why.  Every once in a while[,] there would be a party at Yoyong’s house. Pigs and chickens would be killed, and I would carry water for them. I was paid three centavos for every two cans. For drinking water, I received ten centavos, because the artesian well was quite a distance off. On one such occasion, when I was about to go, Yoyong gave me a slice of bread with butter on it. I was ashamed to take it because my mother had said… but it looked good to me, so I took it and ate it in our back yard. Entong saw me, and looking at me kindly, offered me some of his shells. He looked very ugly as he stood staring at my bread, and I pitied him. I finally gave him a piece, rather reluctantly, saying, “When you have something to eat, you do not give me any!”  For a few days after that, Entong did not try to cheat me, but later he began cheating again. One day[,] he was run over by a calesa and almost died as a result. He was taken to a hospital and when he was well again[,] it seemed that he was more quiet than before.  Anong, my younger brother, was a good marbles player. None of us liked to play with him, not even Entong who dared not cheat him because when Anong fought[,] he always used his teeth.  There were other little boys—one whom we called Galis because he was almost covered with some kind of itch and was always scratching himself. Sometimes he would bleed in several places and would begin to cry. He was thin and pale. His mother worked in a factory. His father—I really never knew who his father was, there were so many men in their house. Galis stayed home most of the time, sitting on the stairs, very silent. One time[,] I saw him smile.  Years later, I saw that same smile for the second time. He was pulling weeds in the greens around the Walled City, under a heavy guard. I recognized him and smiled, and he smiled back at me—the same smile I had seen years before as he sat, sick and thin, on the stairs in front of his house.  My brother who played marbles so well died when he was fourteen. He spat so much blood. We had all loved him very much, and we were all very sad. For three nights, Yoyong’s father lent us some of his electric lights connected by a long wire to his house. Our home was very bright and many people called on us, even Entong and his mother. After that[,] Yoyong was not allowed to play with me anymore, and his father no longer had his suits made by my father.  I was then in the fifth grade at school. Yoyong and I were classmates. Sometimes his mother, who wore slippers in the house, took him to school. They used to take me along with them, but after Anong died, no more. I could see Yoyong’s eyes inviting me to come along, but I pretended not to see. Yoyong was very bright in school and was always at the head of his class. Our teachers liked him. His father would often come to the classroom and talk with the teachers. He would have a big cigar in his mouth and talk English. My father did not know how to speak English.  I stopped going to school when I was in the seventh grade. “Look at Entong,” Father said, “he stopped when he was in the fourth grade, or was it the third? Besides, you can start in again next year.” The whole year I helped my father with his sewing. Mother also sewed, supplying her own needles and thread. “Don’t sew anymore,” Father would say to her, “You are getting too thin.” Mother would say, “Just these, just these!” But she kept on sewing.  The next year found me still out of school, and the next and the next. Then we sold our little house and moved. I had grown very tall, taller than Father, and would have been ashamed to go back to the grade school. Several years before, Yoyong’s family had sold their house and moved into a bigger one they had built somewhere.  Oning was studying in a Catholic college. Cusing, who has become a cochero, told me some years later that she had ridden in his carromata one time and had not recognized him. She was with a man, but Cusing did not understand what they were talking about as they spoke in Spanish. [sic.]  Entong is big and muscular. He is an oiler on the railroad, puts oil somewhere under the trains. I often see him, very black and dirty. I sometimes see his mother, too, waist-deep in the fields near the tracks, still gathering cankong for the market. I do not know if she still drinks. I ran into her one day and smiled at her, but she did not recognize me.  I sew suits in a tailoring shop downtown. Father stays at home and sews there. Mother is still thin. I have two little sisters studying in the primary school. They have many playmates in the neighborhood.  The other day[,] I was looking at the pictures in a newspaper at the tailoring shop. Among a group of young people in caps and gowns, I saw a familiar face. It was Yoyong. He was among those who graduated last March. He still looks very young. I looked at his face very closely. Yes, it was Yoyong. Does he remember “us” yet[?] Would he know us and speak to us if we met him on the crowded street? Does he know about the others—where they are?  As we were at supper that evening, I told Father and Mother about Yoyong. “He is an engineer now,” I said. “Do you want another slice of this mango?” Mother asked.  Father said his back was aching.