Wow!!!!!!! Hey! My first post thingy!! i'm so excited!! ya well anywayz just ta let ya know a bit about myself I am THE Mrs. Bloom (hehe) yes i am married to the one and only Mr. Orlando Bloom that you see on the big screen... it's quite interesting how we met here i'll explain.......... It all stared when i knew that my friend kristopher was madly in love with liv tyler and i was MADLY CRAZY in love with Orlando *sigh* well i was thinkin and then i thought of steven tyler (Liv's dad) so me and kristopher got backstage passes and we got to meet Steven and everything.... and while we were talkin to him i mentioned that kirstopher like his daughter and he was so totaly kewl with it! he was like "oh man that's so awesome! she has been needing a man in her life and you are like totally perfect! i'll pay for you guys to fly to go see her and meet her!" so then we were off to go meet Liv. Once we met her she was totally awesome. We became fast friends and as for kristopher he put on his 'charm' and said "hey babe, i think we should date" and then Liv just melted because of Kristopher's 'charm' and she was like " Oh Kristopher!!!! of course we should!!!" and well we all know what happened after that ;-) lol well then anywayz later Kristopher told her bout me liking Orlando so he was like " Oh hey babe! we have so gotta hook Tenea up with Orlando!!!" and Liv was like "omgosh! i am so goin to call him i have finally found the perfect person for him!!!!" so she called him and Orlando said "omgosh i have got to meet her" and he immediately fell in love with me *sigh* it wasn't even love at first sight because we hadn't met yet well then a week or so after i met orlando Kristopher and Liv decided to get married! i was so happy for them it was just a lil small wedding and i was the maid of honor and orlando was the best man. Then a couple of weeks later Orlando and i got married with Liv as the maid of honor and Kristopher as the best man. So now here we all are.... i'm married to Orlando and Kristopher's married to Liv. Not only that but they are expecting a new member of the family soon (kristopher is in denial though).... hehe  oh and by the way don't listen to Kristopher.... there isn't really a Camera i made Orlando get rid of it ;-)   Ya pretty interesting huh? hehe anywayz some other things lets see... um i'm 15 at the moment but i will be 16 on JUNE 7!!! don't forget my presentS! hehe nonononono jk... lets see what else hmm oh ya and i'm tryin to learn how to speak aussie! o dea... singa... finga.... thinga... ringa.... see i'm getting pretty good at it! ummm what else what else umm oh well i dunno right now but i will tell you more the next time i post! so don't be a bunch of "whingers"