Today is pretty uneventful.  Blah keeps bugging me to spend time with him, but I keep putting him off.  I'd pretty much rather saw my fingers off with a plastic spoon.  My friend DJ that lives in Boston sent me a present today, a freakin Louis Vuitton purse!  It was a belated birthday present, and he said since he has never given me a birthday present in the 7 years i've known him that he's going to make it all up with this one.  He's like "now you have to go to the club and drag it on the floor like you a millionaire."  I'm the lowest maintenance girl ever, so me getting a Louis is like a crackhead getting an 8ball.  It just doesn't happen.    Ok, does this seem ummm inappropriate to you?  my girl has this boyfriend who we'll call... GQ (cuz he thinks he is).  Well, they've been together like 7-8 years, living together & everything.  Well like 5 years ago he cheated on her, they worked through it blah blah blah.  On New Years Eve, the 3 of us, and GQ's nephew who's our age went out to a strip club.  Well, I started drinking long before anyone else so I was pretty tipsy.  I kiss a couple strippers, get a couple dances, whatever... it was a fun night.  Then we drop my girl off at home because she was havin no part of it, and we go to this party.  Well, at the party I go to the bathroom and i'm fixin my make up with GQ walks in and shuts the door behind him.  He's like tryin to make small talk and I'm thinkin, WTF are you doin in here?  Then he goes in to kiss me.  He was the DD, so he wasn't drunk.  Of course i'm like ummm NO!  So, then he tells all these people that werent there about how i kissed strippers and got dances and shit.  Like they need to know my shit!  So now, he's been calling and e-mailing me a lot more than usual.  Today he's saying how we need to go out drinking when I'm back in town.  He makes it very clear that he wants it to just be him and I.  I thought that was kind of weird.  I was like fuck that!  why?  so you could tell eeeeeeverybody what happens, and i can hear about it for the next year?  I'm cool.  He was like "hey, blame your girl for that.  I just told her.  she told EEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVEERYBODY else.  I thought I could trust her.  guess I was wrong.  so that means it'll have to be just you and me when you come out to visit."  I told him we can all go out, and i'll drink but i'm not getting DRUNK.  he goes "it's cool, it can just be you and me,  ain't nobody gotta find out about what happens.  I'll keep it a secret.  and I'm gonna get you fu-FUCKED up!!!"  OK... is it just me, or is something really wrong with this picture???  Anyway, tonight I think I'm going to have a Netflix night with my cuddle bitch, which really is a term of endearment ;)  Tomorrow I'll go to a club, and Sunday I'll repent for all my sins, or just sleep... whatever works. =)  With all this frustration built up, I need to get laid!  Well, have a good weekend.  Drink, party, dance, screw... do what you do.  adios.