A lapse of Concentration.   A few days ago, we had drinks in Pasir Ris Park. Today it was East Coast Park. It was Zheng Han's bday and we decided to have a small celebration there. I had always enjoyed the breeze at East Coast Park. Always so cooling. We had a few drinks, nothing too alcholic. Out of a sudden, my hands just slipped, resulting in the spillage of the cup of drink from my hands. I doono what struck me. Just this moment of lapse in concentration, my whole arm was covered with voldka orange. Maybe these days i become the TOFU man with the TOFU hands.   Did some star gazing at the beach. Though there were some stars around, it was still far too bright in the area to view the sky. I remembered the stars at Berkelah. Mesmerizing. Jones commented that i was too quiet tonite and queried if i am having some problems, perhaps problem of the heart. I wasn't. I was just enjoying the sea breeze, the quiet-ness, the sky, stars and the ambience.   Joanne posted two question that left me pondering. " What do you see yourself in the future? What keeps you going?" No doubt i am en route to the possession of a B.A from the supposedly "best" university in Singapore after working so hard in my education but this alone couldn't guarantee me my desires and a relatively high standard of living in SIngapore.   I have learnt to enjoy the beauty of Arts and Social Sciences. I want to make full use of what i have learnt in political science. I also want to fufill an ambition of being a teacher after being inspired. I want to be SOMEBODY. Not just another graduate from NUS. I want to make a difference.   So what makes me going? I guessed it is the combination of interest and desire. The interest in the field and the desire to be a SOMEBODY, not a NOBODY. Where do i see myself in the future? My future is not that clear yet but hopefully i will be fufilling all my interests and yet be a SOMEBODY. The best is to be in the WHO's WHO list in Singapore for the right reasons.  I have been an owl these few days, hunting only in the night. The body clock had been altered. Guessed this needs some getting used to.  Never Believe in Never cos you Never Know