Sometimes everything will get on my nerves. At those times the best solution seems to be solitary confinement. I have yet to find out what factor(s) lead me to feel agitated.  I still have yet to answer my mother's email.  Hi (Daughter), If I asked you if you still loved me ... You probably would not say no ....Maybe you'll say yes but with much frustration. So the question is why would you still love me?    (Please don't respond until you've finished your finals and papers ...I would really like you to put time into doing your school stuff first) love,  urlLink m@m   I actually don't think I love my mother. Not very much anyways. I would stand up for her, like I would stand up for any Joe Blow on the street, but not really because she's my mother or that I love her. Love is an interesting thing for me. I don't think I am able to love a lot of things/people etc. I spose part of the reason is that I am incapable of accepting people for who they are a lot of the times. I have expectations, that I obviously feel are important. I love my husband (I think), I love my sister (definitely), and I love my cats!  Funny that I would love my cats, but they just seem to make life easy for me. I think love is conditional on that. If you want to have me love you, you have to make life easier for me somehow. My cats do this by providing comfort, attention, affection, companionship, and happiness. I'd like to think that I can provide those things for my cats too, and that the relationship is reciprocal. So yes, that's why I love my cats. Their personalities are cute, not always lovable, but that doesn't change me from loving them.  I love my sister because she tries hard to understand me, and she often succeeds in understanding me because we share so much of our history. We support each other in a sensitive and sincere manner. We are unselfish towards each other. We like to do things with each other. We are similar in many ways, and also different in many ways, but we respect each other, no matter what! So that is why I love her.  I love my Husband because he has shown belief in me as a good person, as wife material, mate material, and life partner material. Moreso, he accepts me for who I am, and I accept him for who he is. He is patient, kind, loving, and he does that because he love me. He gives me special treatment, and is nonjudgemental when it comes to me. haha.  But my mother... isn't good at communicating, doesn't help me financially, is disapproving, and appears insincere. Sure, she carried me for nine months, and she worked hard to provide that a nanny was there to take care of me, but in essence, she does little to meet my expectations of a parent.  On the other hand, my Husband's mother is very pleasant, she is open, generous, helpful, honest, diplomatic, and true to herself. She cares, and behaves caringly. It's really that simple.  So whatever. My mother pisses me off, and does things that piss me off. I can make a list perhaps. She wouldn't let me invite my nanny to my wedding. She nags me to call my grandmother even though I have made it clear that I don't want to. She asks about my dad's family even when I've told her time and again that it pisses me off, especially when she asks about them before she even asks about MY life. It sends a clear message to me what her priorities are. When I am coming into town, she won't do anything special, like take us out for dinner. When she says she wants to buy me something, it's on her own agenda, like the time she said she wanted to take me shopping, and it was really so that she could take advantage of the "buy one get one free/half price" deal, so she wouldn't feel guilty for making a large purchase. She STARES at me, and even after I told her it bothers me she said she couldn't help it. I would have appreciated that she made an effort as to not make me uncomfortable, but she did not make any concessions. I could probably go on, it doesn't take me too long before another example pops into my head..  So, why do I love her? Apparently she assumes in the email that I do? Or is she feeling depressed and worthless because she feels as though she doesn't deserve the love of her daughter. If she is feeling that, then she is probably accurate. I can't just love someone because they are my mother. I might be thankful.. but I mean, if I can't feel entitled to be born then I shouldn't be allowed to live right? lol. I hope I didn't dig myself into a hole there! I just need some real reasons. A lot of people give birth to children. What makes her different?