I'm writing my story on my 23rd birthday and as i reflect on my 23 years of life many stories come to mind. For some reason three years ago, August 10, 2001, sticks out in my mind. I turned twenty and was a year away from the legal drinking age. August 10, 2001, started as out as any other birthday. I was about to embark on my junior year of college and I went home for the traditional carne asada and cake. As I walked through the door of my room at my moms house I noticed a card from my mom waiting for me atop my bed. The card said the following: "Rudy I wish you a ver happy 20th birthday, you've become a very strong, ambitious, and beautiful young man right before my eyes, your positive outlook on life has gotten you this far, although you still have a few years to go and some obsticles you might have to challenge you can count on my love and support to lean on, may you accomplish all that your heart desires in life. Keep reaching for the stars and one more thing to remember; if you want to make somebody's day flash your colgate smile, it's like sunshine on a cloudy day." I broke down in tears just like I am as i write this.  For twenty years my mom never showed me the much needed support and love that i needed, especially when it was most needed during my first year at college as a first generation college student. I thought about all the phone calls and visits home in search of love, support and validation. I've beeen through a lot, that's a whole another story. People always tell me how did become this sensitive, caring, compassionate person especially having gone through some of the things that I have been through. It was moments like the aforementioned one that have shaped me as a person who gravitates towards positions in life as nurturer and mediator. As I look back on my relationships, they number very few. But, the ones that i do have are very deep and meaningful. I consider my audience apart of those few deep and and meaningful relationships i have. Some of the teachers that I had are included as well. Mrs Hendrickson, my music teacher in middle school, introduced me to the world of music and ignited in me a passion for music. Mrs Saucedo, my Spanish teacher from high school, helped me regain the Spanish tongue that I lost along my educational trek. Mrs. Allert, my high school government teacher, was the reason I majored in history and encouraged me to seek out my history. Last but not least, there was Dr. Garcia. Dr. Garcia was my speech professor in college. He came to this country when he was 18. He was placed in special ed classed because he knew no English. He later earned a swimming scholarship to pepperdine and was the first Mexican to attend that school. He later earned a fellowship at Temple University in Philladelphia and earned his Ph.D. He was a great inspiration to me. Had it not been for his truthful, and at times painful comments my writing would have not improved. He had high expectations for me and he supported me along the way spending countless hours going over my term papers with me-word-by-word. The countless hours spent bullshiting in his office, coffee dates, and dinners, didn't hurt either.  I'm not sure if what i just wrote makes sense, but i hope you are able to connect to some part of my story and in the process able to connect with me.