I know that it is very cliche to whine about people who talk on their cell phone in public. Its like a bad Seinfield routine, "What's the deal with cell phone users? Are you SO important that..." Its not even worth finishing the sentence. So, part of me is saying not to make my first post all about cell phone users, since it really is pretty much the epitome of passe. Like the sort of thing you talk about when you think you are being funny/clever/witty/etc. when in reality you are anything but. Since I am fully aware that I am none of the above, I'm just going to go ahead and do it.  It seriously amazes me, literally AMAZES me that some people do not realize how abosolutely annoying it is to force other people to listen to your conversations on cell phones. I live in a college town. People really aren't that important here. I can't imagine that their calls cannot wait. And yet they don't wait. The phenomenon of bus-cell phone talkers is ridiculous. Today, for example, this girl is on her phone, going on and on about how her boyfriend will spend $1000 on her one week and then the next won't even spend $20, and how he gets drunk so easily. I picked up on all this while I had my headphones on. Luckily for me, I could crant the volume up on the ol' iPod. The passenger sitting next to her had no such luck. It was obvious to anyone that she was REALLY annoyed, anyone I suppose except the perpetrator.  I've experienced worse though. A few weeks ago, I was, again, on the bus when the woman sitting  behind me decided to make a call. Normally that's annoying enough. But, I suppose she felt bad for the person sitting next to her so she decided to lean forward in her seat, I guess so she wasn't yapping in this guys ear. Literally, though, the woman was talking right into my neck. She was speaking Chinese or Korean or something, so I didn't have the benefit on at least eaves dropping on an interesting conversation. Even if she were telling the juciest story, I don't think it would have been worth it. Ick, I can still feel her breath on my neck. That's a really gross feeling.  I won't belabor this subject anymore, I think I've given it as much space as it deserves.  urlLink  postCount('108086595512967989');