Yahooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!      I am so happy to the MAX!!! The ministry just gave out the  GCE June O' Level  results... I am so happy right now and there are no words that could describe my excitement emotions... I am finally going to college next year!! But before that let me tell you the events happening today...      ...      I woke up early this morning because last night I promised  Baieyah  that I'll be coming early today and I did though I came a little bit late*... So, of course my first destination would be the library but soon after I had finished my Biology's work, we both bought some food from the Mabohai... then accidentally, we ended-up sitting down at the 'pondok' near the school's hall... it was all renovated and of course, clean!   We talked-talked-talked until the library was actually locked and our bags stuck inside...      Thank God that the library opened just as the maths' class begins @ 1 p.m.  Mr. Teo  was great though we argued something regarding angle's properties. We were using our own method though actually I was supposed to be using his method... hehehe :)      Then it was the english's class by  Mrs. Teresita . She was great to me but I wonder why many students dislike her. She is the best teacher ever!! I respect her because she opened many doors for me last year... She taught me so much about English and made me interested more in English... then the hearty session begun... someone in my class received a text message from her sister telling her that the exam's results were out. I didn't believe it at start until she told me that she knew her results... my heart were beating so fast. I almost fainted but I still have my sanity in me................................. after all, waiting is the hardest thing to deal with....      I called my mom, though my credits were running low (and is nil now)... I told her that the results were out but she seemed to disbelieve it. Believe me, mom... It is!!!!! Then it was raining heavily with all the strong winds... by the way, today I just did a very good thing. I helped  Mrs. Teresita  and hold her an umbrella to her car...  baik kan ?? heheh :) Not so long then, my dad came to pick me up and I told him everything. I guessed that I was being too  anxious  about the results' thingy.. Dad rushed to the ministry and bought the disk and we rushingly go to my sister's home @ Jangsak...    Her laptop was lagged~ I really hate lag materials... then my mom called back and told me the results...    Hajah Nazliah bint Haji Nali  -- BN 103/48    1120 English - D    1201 Malay - B   2281 Economics - D   4024 Maths 'D' - E   5129 C. Science - C   7110 P.O. Accounts - C      heheh :)... I got 3 O's for this time. Last November, I got grade C for my English, U for Economics, D for my Maths 'D' and E for my accounting... quite satisfactory but my English, I'm still not feeling good about it... I'll try my best next time (November), aite????.............................. :)    Just now I'm texting with ezzah-wazzah... Really miss all the girls~~~ :)