Today started as a good day.  I had to do practice sessions for the essay portion of the GED.  This is usually not my job, but the English teacher who usually did these quit last week, so the assignment was handed over to me (me being an English teacher AND the GED teacher, this made complete sense).  At first I wasn't too happy about the situation, but once the students arrived, I was totally ecstatic.  See, I teach in a maximum secruity prison for juveniles.  I don't get to "teach" very often, since all my classes are mixed with different grade levels, and all the students are on different lessons.  It's more of a tutoring position rather than a teaching one.  But I digress.   I was stoked.  All the kids were attentive.  They were asking all sorts of questions, and hanging onto my every word.  I got to use my dry erase markers on the board.  I got to teach a whole class once again.  It's been a year and a half since I've experienced this, and I forgot how much I absolutely ADORE teaching.  Great day, right?  Then the principal and vice principal call me into the office and motion for me to shut the door.  They tell me they are thinking of hiring a social studies teacher instead of an English teacher (to replace the one that quit).  No problem, right?  Well, they've been kicking around the idea of having this new social studies teacher take over GED, and put me back to all English classes.  Talk about being punched in the stomach.  Ironic how they bring this up on the day I realize how much I adore my GED kids.  It's not fair.  This whole GED program is my baby.  I've developed it into what it is, and I have great visions for what it COULD be.  And now they're telling me it could be ripped away from me?  It's not a given, but it's a possibility.  A possibility to have my happiness taken away.  And why?  I've done nothing wrong; I've done everything right.  I've helped these kids.  I've improved their education!!!    Mom always told me life's a bitch.  I guess I just keep forgetting.