Yes, that's right, I have gone and gotten myself a new tattoo. My friends Christina and Amelia were there to witness it themselves. In fact, Amelia was supposed to get her septum pierced and Christina was supposed to get  Teflon beads  implanted between her knuckles, but they both chickened out. Ohhh man, the agony of missing the Teflon beads bandwagon.  So I got this design that Richard drew for me. Richard is an older dude who also drew and tattooed my  lizard  for me back in '98. In fact, his business card reads, "Not Old Skool--Just Old." He's a funny guy but also polite and not condescending like some body artists can be, so I like him a lot.  The design I chose was something like a crescent moon with Japanese woodblock-esque waves crashing over it. The tattoo itself is a perfect circle, but the moon area is just a sliver, and the rest is filled with those crashing waves. I like it immensely. I had started out with the idea of a moon for various reasons. I'm crazy and moody, and of course the moon is symbolic of  lunacy . I'm a woman, and ditto. Finally, I'm a Cancer and the moon is the ruler of this zodiac sign, so it was appropriate. In addition, I kinda wanted to add a Japanese or Asian element in order to signify this huge transitional phase in my life. I wanted to commemorate my move to Japan with my tattoo. Yet you wouldn't see me caught dead with one of those Chinese character tattoos. They are so played out. I'm sorry to sound rude if some of you readers have one, but really...the trend got too pseudo-philosophical for me. But that's okay, because some of you are rolling your eyes at my getting another tattoo in the first place: "Such a trend monger."  Disclaimer: I don't really think I'm that crazy. I know that  real  crazy is not a pretty picture, and I don't mean to diminish that in any way.  So Richard drew a design to my liking. I decided to place it on my back, in the center, just below my shoulder blades. None of that " small of my back " shite for me...see reasons above. And we commence with the needle-stabbing. I have a high tolerance for pain, so this was not a problem. I winced once or twice, but definitely nothing that was remotely hard to handle.  Christina and Amelia watched and chatted. I was facing away from them, so when I would hear them laugh, luckily I couldn't see if they were  snickering  at mistakes being made on my tattoo. All in all, it probably took about ten minutes. Afterward, I looked at it in the mirror and grinned the Newly-Tattooed Idiot Grin. What a great use for $75.  I will put up pictures of both my tattoos soon. In the meantime, I am contemplating a new place to get pierced. I am  running out  of places, since I want to avoid the face. I will keep you posted as usual. This will probably be my last tattoo for the rest of my life, and I'm glad it turned out so well. As long as it heals well, I'll be good to go!