Why was I working so hard at something that should have some ups with downs. I focused on my patients and I started to lecture which allowed me to focus on the students. What was standing out was I giving them something more then I could measure. Again it was presenting something unmeasurable but I still had an imbalance in my life lead from home my home and wife and her family. I feel I was being told I can help people at all levels ,   BUT help your self first..     Still years rolled by and I was very succesfull in my business but shutting out the messages.   The greatest step I have ever taken was into the unknown and I am still travelling this journey.    Months ago I would have said the unfortunate thing was being thrown of the back of the ute under the rear wheel and injuring myself. Were I was hospitalised for a few months. I had fractured 14 bone 20 teeth and had a cereibal hemerage, which effected my sight, my ability to walk and talk and even remember anything.   But now looking back at it all yes I am sorry for the pain I had to take my family through and I wouldn't want this to happen again for there sake. In fact I wish this injury on my worst enemy.  It was the inner me saying time for you to listen now.  So the interesting thing for me is I didn't have any real guidance from my so called present thought or medical practitioners.   I was left to be directed by something?. A couple of the interesting succesful things for me came from yoga, meditation, the love of my family, sencere friends and a man called Mark who is my psycholist, they all headed in similiar directions, but had different names for things but the main thing was to listen to me.   I found my wife who I would've given everything too and done anything for, was very quick to leave me at the hospital to have brekkie with the man who had placed me there.  This man had lied the best he could to save him self. The other so called friends followed the same track lead by the driver who placed me on my death bed .   My wife tried to push my family away in fact the driver was told by a solicitor if he didnt call the police for 12 hours there is nothing the police can do. So my wife waited 10 hours to tell my family and when they got to the emergency they were told that every minute counts and I was doing well to be here at this point.   So here the lesson had decided to tell me the hard way. Not only was it making me rediscover myself by learning how to walk and talk re discover how to function brian wise.    Again another lesson telling me to enjoy each day and the simple things in my life.. I still had the choices to make and I tried to follow societies agreed direction. I found my self back home not sure were I was exactly. I was at my so called home were this person called my wife pushed me into two fits were I then started to be surdated.