Moodie, G. ‘  Virtual university: Real learning  ’  Moodie talks about four ways in which learning takes place;  observational learning, directed learning, guided independent learning,  and  autonomous learning.  Using these four approaches as a definitive guide to encompass all possible learning modes, Moodie basically surmises how flexible learning falls under the guided independent learning category.  What's interesting to read here is how Moodie relates the learning process to the learning skills of the learner. With the increased independence from structured guidance in guided independent learning and moreso in autonomous learning, it is sensible to expect students to usually be mature and likely to be undertaking short courses or courses at postgraduate levels. However, I feel there are some shortcomings to Moodie's view on learning.  Moodie allocates online learning in the category of guided independent learning, essentially stating that online learning is an ideal mode only for higher education and for older students. This position means that primary and secondary schools will be overlooked and undergraduate programs not seen as ideal for delivery in the online learning mode.  Also, the simplification of the learning processes into just four distinct categories means we are bound to overlook hybrid systems or situations where flexible learning is integrated in part into more conventional systems. Furthermore, the main drive or enthusiasm for flexible learning stems from the ability to empower 'conventional' learning and also to provide greater learning access to a larger population, basically meaning that the programs to deliver will be largely undergraduate and school oriented, in opposition to Moodie's summary.  I feel that flexible learning still warrants greater discussion but in the meantime, we shouldn't over classify or be too eager to construct too firm a definition for a whole new learning process that is still very much evolving (especially since it is technology reliant).