It seems to me that truth isn't real in the sense that it impacts the behavior of people anymore.  So long as the untruth is palatable or advantageous then people are perfectly willing to act as though it is true.    The State Board of Education is currently visiting the school where I work.  The subject of the investigation is a former student of mine who was also on my case-load.  Since the complaint is largely about events that occurred before I began work at the school, and/or before the student was added to my case-load, I feel somewhat impartial about the whole proceeding.  This is the first time I've experienced this sort of thing and it is quite interesting.  I can't divulge details, or even really talk about it to people who know me due to confidentiality rules.  What is interesting about this process is that neither side is really interested in the truth.    The interview by the state investigator included current staff of the school, most of us were not present at the meetings being investigated.  We were asked to establish a narrative of how the school did what it was supposed to do that was consistent with the documentary evidence.  The narrative that we established might have been the truth, but we really couldn't know if it was the truth.  The investigator seemed very conscientous, and I'm sure he followed up where possible to find people who were still working for the state, but the case will be argued largely on the conclusions that we reached.  And while the conclusions were reasonable and arrived at in good-faith, we have no real assurance that our interpretation was true.  The complaint, meanwhile, was doing the same thing.  It was basically it was a laundry list of about a dozen things that seemed to be formulated by a parsing of state regulations.  It was a basically a different story told with the idea that this child was being denied their FAPE.   This sort of process seems, to me, like a symptom of an illness in our society.  While this is sort of an extreme example I confront these sorts of dilemmas every day.  The evidence that we use to establish who should get services, and the level of service, is not medical, it's circumstantial.  In a sense we are trying various stories onto these children in order to find a match.  Meanwhile parents and the kids themselves are spinning their own stories.  The result seems, often, to be castles in the air.  And when the castles come tumbling down the result seems to be a deep resentment against the "system."  Since many of these decisions are driven by the parents own desires it can make things very uncomfortable.  IDEA is a law, written by people who are not professional educators, that gives the bulk of power to make hard educational decisions to people who are not professional educators.  While I am generally in favor of giving a voice to stakeholders, should people who are not trained be the ones who are directing these decisions.  It just seems to be a further devaluation of the status of educators as professionals.