Hey... It's been awhile... A few days, anyways. Today my mom's friend came over and let me borrow her Puddle of Mud c.d. that she had. I was happy about that but soon I got into a real sad mood.  Duffstifer (I'm not going to tell her real name unless she gives me an okay, but this is a nick-name for her) is pregnant but she is really cool. I can see why mom likes her as a friend. Duffstifer is always the highlight to a party, whenever her hubby lets her out. But today I saw her and mom sitting out on the porch, just chatting away in private about things. I miss having someone that I can talk to like that. I mean I can say almost anything here, but notice that  almost  in there? There are a few way-to-personal things that I don't want my parents finding out about me, or else I would say it no problem. But since my parents have access to this web page, I'm not going to go there. I'm sort of mad at my parents now. They are planning another trip without my sister or me. This whole summer I'm going to be on my own,  again , because they want some "alone-time"... Which I don't mind, don't get me wrong, but how much do they need? Sometimes I have to wait all day for one of them to recognize that I'm here and living. Sometimes dad pops in and says hi to me, but he does that for everyone. I can only remember one time that he had ever really just sat down with me and talked. That was the time that I lost my best friend so I'm grateful that he listened to me then. I guess it's all right, though, if they leave me alone enough now, what harm could it do? I've already been on my own for the better part of two years. It's all good because, hey, won’t this just be helping me in the future to where I have no friends and my whole life revolves around a job and (someday far, far away) Kids? To help me prepare for the loneliness in the upcoming years? ...Like I said, it's all good; besides, fun and games were for kids, right?  Well I'm going to go because I'm depressed again. Leave me alone and go away.