Something interesting happened in one of my classes, today. It was durring 4th hour, gym. We had just finished our finals and the teacher, Mr.Reck, had left the room to go do something (I obviously haven't the slightest what). Well, when he left one of the boys thoguh it would be funny to throw some kid's hat up onto the ceiling tiles. Then he had to go up and get it, so he stood on a desk and pushed the tile up to try and find the hat again. Needless to say, the tile fell down, hitting the desk and breaking in half. So then the kid got down off the desk, everyone ws still trying to find the hat, and the entire class was arguing about wether to put the ceiling tile back up in it's place or just leave it on the floor.     Then, one of the kids got up on the desk and jumped on it to try and see if he could see the hat and get it down. Another girl got up on the desk and was about to put the tile back up on the ceiling when everyone started yelling at her not to do that. Then someone droped the bigger peice of the tile and it broke into even smaller peices.     And that wasn't even the best part! Then my teacher came back in the room and he didn't notise a single thing was wrong! XD. So the kids hid the tiles in plain site, under a counter in the classroom.     It was great XD.  Besides that, my day was rather boring and unorigional, with acception of the one little thing that happened when I got home *twitch twitch*.... I got home, and since I have a cold I'm tired and went to bed.and hour and a half later, I'm woken up by the phone ringing. It's my boss. She tells me that she'll need me to come in tomorrow and baby sit, but she doesn't know what times. Then I ask her "what time will you need me to come in today?" and she says "from 3:00 to 9:00 if it's alright with you". I said "ok, but will someone be coming to pick me up?" and she said "no because I don't want to get my workers in the habit of me always having someone there to pick them up unless there is really bad weather outside." So I said "ok, that's allright, I'll see you later" and we hung up after saying goodbye and see you later. Apparently I had been sounding tired because about five minutes of staring blankly at a wall later, she called me back just to say "never mind I found someone else to work today since it's obviously such a problem for you not to have a ride, and you don't have to work tomorrow either  so you can go to the library or what ever."      Oi, the people i put up  with.  Just to tell you a few more things about my life. I worked at the daycare yesterday from 6:30 to 8:30 pm. There where six kids, two where My boss' kids, Carter and Kennedy. There two two new kids, Noah and Makayla, and then there was the baby, sydney, and the class bully, Josoline.     So, we ended up going outside for the most part of the day and everything went fine. Then Josoline's mother came to pick her up, and I mean this woman is the bigest Donkey you'll ever meat (donkey meaning Ass not stubborn, though she is that too.) So anyways, this woman comes in and gets Josoline's stuff then suddenly she starts yelling at Josoline for not being able to find her shoes and suntan lotion which she was apparently supposed to keep in her bag. Josoline tried to tell her that the teachers are the ones who had it and they where the ones who lost the suntan lotion and she didn't know were it was. She never gave any explaination on why she couldn't find the shoes.     Since I hadn't been there the entire day, and I hardly knew where anything was, I didn't know where it was that I was supposed to look. We searched all over the house and in the front part of the back yard, but didn't find them or the suntan lotion. So this lady is all mad and getting madder by the minute. So she leaves, saying she wants Wendy to find the stuff and give it to her by tomorrow with that "or else" tone of voice." and so I say to her "I'm sorry, I haven't been here all day, I don't know where anything is." and she tells me "oh that's ok, it's not your fault, I'm not blaming you."     So anyways, she leaves and two minutes later, Wendy walks in the door saying "that lady was just yelling at me for you not being able to find her child's suntan lotion and shoes. The There is a bin full of suntan lotion where all the medicine is ontop of the fridge in the daycare. See, it's right here!" she pulled Josoline's suntan lotion right out of the bin. Then she asked me "did you check for hr shoes out behind the trampoline, and I said "I didn't see them, but I'll look." and I went out there, and low-and-behold there they where, her blue finding nemo shoes.     So we end up giving those things back to the lady. In my opinion, the child is four years old, she is old enouh to know where it is that she last had her shoes, she is old enough to know not to hit other children, and yet she still does it and her mother thinks I'm the one with problems O.O;... what ever, anywho, that's not my problem anymore ^ ^;;....  More stories to tell.... let's see here.... um....      can't think of anymore for now, but as soon as there's something new, i'll post some more, untill them, TTFN and tah tah for now. (yay tiger! A Tiger's a wonderfull thing, the wonderfull thing about tigers, is I'm the only one!)    OH OH OH! one more thing that happened, don't worry, this one is short ^ ^;;... Since I couldn't go back to sleep after talking to my boss, I desided to get all the infromation and make the flires for my babysiting around the neightbor hood. So I call my mom and we're talking and she goes "well just save... no wait... we don't have a printer... welp looks like you're out of luck."... lucky me the brighton library has printers, but that's not what I'm going to do anyways *grin* I love photocopiers ^ ^;;  And one last thing (final, last, ending statement) A few weeks back, my mom was driving to work and she calls my dad saying "Oh my gash! I can't find my cell phone, I don't know where it is or anything!" and they where both all mad and such. So my mom hung up and suddenly realised, she had dialed my dad's number, and talked to him ON HER CELL PHONE. what a wonderfull memory. *cbuh duh buh bing!*  thank you, aaaaaaand GOOD- NIGHT!