so, easter has been my absolute favorite holiday from when i was little on... the flowers, the trumpets, the music, everything.,... and when i was small, the egg hunts weren't bad either, but over the years, even if i don't like the candy as much, it's still my favorite,... and for more important reasons... it's all about life!  last year easter was at valpo as usual... my brother had just driven up to visit for the weekend... nicole, and roommate, and heather were all around, and nicole's brother john was just starting out as a freshman at valpo... so me and nicole were both way excited about sharing the day with brothers... after michelle was around too and the 5 of us hosted a huge potluck for tons and tons of people at our apartment... it was a quality day. =) picture below: my brother, me, nicole, john, heather, roommate at the valpo chapel last easter:   yeah, it was a good day. =)  but yeah... now this year, my family's in TN, brother included and looking at major changes,... roommate, heather, and michelle are off on their own adventures in various places around the country, nicole's brother john is still at valpo, and nicole's been gone well over 7 months now... things can change soooo much in just a year!....  i guess that's one thing that's refreshing about holidays... situations and circumstances change, but the core of what they're really all about doesn't change, no matter who you're with or how you celebrate.  easter's all about life... how Christ gave His life and then rose again so we can have life abundantly and eventually be in heaven with Him... completely all about life... =)... nicole gets to be in on the coolest easter celebration ever today, which is awesome... it's interesting what sets the memories going again, but in a good way, you know?...  meanwhile, i'm excited to share the day with my new church family... it'll be good =)  this is all reflective and somewhat sappy and whatever, but there it is -- easter in a nutshell.  well, actually... the source says it all even better:  At dawn on the first day of the week, Mary Magdalene & the other Mary went to look at the tomb. There was a violent earthquake, for an angel of the Lord came down from heaven & going to the tomb, rolled back the stone & sat on it. His appearance was like lightning,  his clothes were white as snow. The guards were so afraid of him that they shook & became like dead men. The angel said to the women, "Do not be afraid, for I know that you are looking for Jesus, who was crucified.  He is not here; He has risen just as He said!  Come & see the place where He lay.  Then go quickly & tell His disciples." So the women hurried away from the tomb, afraid yet filled with joy. Matthew 28: 1-8  He is Risen! Happy Easter!!!! =)