The following Linksys Product Description tells you WHAT this device GIVES you on your home network.  :) If you have a High Speed Internet Connection I would HIGHLY recommend that you ADD this EXTRA layer of protection so that you have a HARDWARE firewall between you and the Internet.  I can NOT stress this enough.    Built-In 10/100 4-Port Switch! Supports up to 253 Users!    The Linksys EtherFast® Cable/DSL Router with 4-Port Switch is the perfect option to connect multiple PCs to a high-speed Broadband Internet connection or to an Ethernet back-bone. Allowing up to 253 users, the built-in NAT technology acts as a firewall protecting your internal network.  Configurable as a DHCP server for your existing network, the EtherFast® Cable/DSL Router with 4-Port Switch acts as the only externally recognized Internet device on your local area network (LAN). The router can also be configured to block internal users' access to the Internet. A typical router may have to rely on an external hub or switch to share its Internet connection, but the Linksys EtherFast® Cable/DSL with 4-Port Switch Router channels this connection through the blazing, full duplex speed of its built-in EtherFast® 10/100 4-Port Switch.  This cutting-edge combination of router and switch technology eliminates the need to buy an additional hub or switch and serves your network as a completely dedicated, full duplex backbone. Now your entire network will enjoy blazing Broadband Internet connections supported by its robust switched backbone. With the dual-function speed and power of the EtherFast® Cable/DSL Router with 4-Port Switch, your network will take off at speeds faster than you ever imagined possible.  Note: This unit requires an external Cable or DSL modem with an Ethernet RJ-45 interface.   BEFSR Tech Helper  Additional Information on Firewalls and Internet Security  Additional Support Page Help  Mac Firmware updating software from MacTechnologies Please note: MacTechnologies Consulting is not affiliated with Linksys. Please do not contact them for support issues with your router.  Macintosh Installation Instructions  MAC Address Registration help PDF   Download the LogViewer Application to look at your Access Logs in more detail. You can download the latest version of the LogViewer here.   This router is compatible with All window Operating systems. Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP, NT, and Me.    Linksys routers can't be sniffed at any more   Firmware upgrade for all   By  Fernando Cassia: Tuesday 08 June 2004, 07:00       PERHAPS HURRIED by our recent report about the  BOOTP based exploit and sniffing vulnerability    in popular Linksys routers like the  BEFSR11  and  BEFSR41 , the firm has released  firmware version 1.45.11 , dated June 4, that specifically mentions  closing  the  BOOTP and memory leak hole which allowed remote sniffing of TCP/IP traffic passing through the devices   .   Here is a quick list of fixes, straight from the release notes:    Fixed CGI string attacks issue  Fixed UPnP on Windows XP SP2 issue  Fixed One way audio issue  Fixed NAT-T issue for some VPN connection  Fixed DHCP server revision, fill the siaddr to the server address  Fixed DHCP (BOOTP) vulnerability issue  Added Filter IDENT(port 113) to appear stealth when scanned  Added DHCP option 55 support  Fixed buffer leakage bug  Modified TCP Support RFC 3360 standard  Modified PPPoE/L2TP/PPTP fragmentation supports fragmenting 1 packet into more than 3.  Modified MTU/MRU function for better handling [of what?]  Owners of old revisions of the BEFSR41, BEFSR11 and BEFSRU31 routers, those made before the Cisco acquisition, will be happy to learn that this firmware was released for "Version 1" and "Version 2" hardware.      If you go to this link you can find the FIRMWARE upgrade for both of these routers at   urlLink Firmware upgrades for the BEFSR11 & BEFSR41 Routers ONLY....   WARNING: Do NOT do this if you are NOT POSITIVE about what VERSION of HARDWARE your Router is.  The hardware version can be found on the bottom of the router next to the model number.  If the version number (V2) is not there then it is assumed that it is V1.  :)