Okay, so one Friday, July 2 I went to my cousin Brooke's house in Stevens Point. I knew that she had Pete's (her husband to be) nephew staying at their house. His name is Jimmy and he is 8. So, when Brooke picked me up at the gas station, where we were meeting, I met Jimmy for the first time. So we went into town and stopped at "the restraunt" that Pete owns.   After we got done eating it was around 6 or 7 so we went back to Brooke's house. I felt kind of weird because i barley said anything to Brooke the whole time which is really weird because we always have something to say to eachother! So when we got to her house i un packed and went to bed.   The next day, I woke up really early because i ended up having to sleep in the same bed with Jimmy because he threw a fit about having to sleep on the couch. And oh my god, threw out the whole entire night he never stopped moving and getting up to play with the dog. I am so serious, he never stopped moving when i was trying to fall asleep. So i woke up early, because once again he was up and moving.   ~Pete's sister and neice are also living at Brooke's house because they aren't able to move into their new house until July 18 and his sister, Marcie, is incharge of one of Pete's restraunts and so she has to be in Stevens Point. Pete's neices name is Nikki and she is 15 and can sometimes be a bitch. During the day she works at the resteraunt where her mom is.~  When i woke up, Brooke was still sleeping and Jimmy was on the couch watching tv. When ever i would get up to go get somehting to eat, go to the bathroom, get something in my room, Jimmy would folllow me... but deffinetly not into the bathroom! He started to get really annoying so i decided that i would watch a movie with him to help him sit down for a while.  When Brooke got up, all three of us just kinda sat around, and for some reason something still didn't feel right, but i still didn't know what. So, Brooke and i started talking while i was making Jimmy Mac and Chesse and she said someting like "i wish i could tell you what was going to happen today" and see, i kinda knew that i was going to have something happen including a little birthday party for me since my family didn't see me on my birthday. So then i started smiling because i kinda knew something and i just couldn't help my self, my mouth just wouldn't close! Then, that gave Brooke a clue that i knew what was going on. But knowing her, she right away said that i knew everything that was going on.. which i didn't, i just knew we were having a little get together.  So, a couple hours later most of my little family came over. My aunt bought me a little cake that said "happy birthday Stephanie" so that made me feel good. Not many people were there because i have a very small family the way it is, so it was hard to start conversation because i didn't know what to do.   After we ate cake one of my aunts' and one of my uncles' left to go home. So, then it was me, Jimmy, Brooke, my other aunt Sandee, my other uncle Neil (who are both Brooke's parents) and Brooke's 19 year old sister. ~ Brooke is going to be 23~ We sat around for a while and then every one left. We were actually planning to go to a thing called riverfront that night. And riverfront is right by my aunt and uncle's house.. Sandee and Neil. So, there is tents of beer, food, icies... so on. There is also a band every night.. and then on the fourth they have fireworks. I guess the reason why it is so much fun because.. my entire family is there.. both sides. There are really hot guys that you try to 'look good for'. (and i do that because i dont know these people, they dont know me, and they never will.. otherwise i would never really try to impress a guy at home) So, we were planning on going to the riverfront that night, but since it kept raining on and off we decided that we would go bowling. We did end up going bowling, and Nikki straightened my hair for me so that I could wear it like that for the fourth. The bowling ally was fun.. but not the best. I got really tired after awhile because we had to fricken play three games we couldn't have only played two.  That night when we got home from bowling had to have been the best and funniest night of my life! My cousin Ashley.. who is Brooke's 19 year old sister... got kinda of drunk when we were bowling. So, she decided to come home with us for some odd reason that i dont know. When she got to Brooke's house, Pete told her that they should do shots of Oozo.. which is a very strong Greek alcohol and an American can barly keep down one shot... Ashley ended up having five!!!!  So, after five shots of a very strong alcohol she got drunk beyond reason. She didnt throw up but she did do some very funny things. She pretended that the kitchen floor was a swimming pool so she had to go swimming to get some exercise. Then she couldn't look up at the fan because she thought it was going to take her for a ride and she didn't want to go for one because she didnt feel good. Then she took Pete's leather jacket, put it on, and pretended she was an FBI agent by puting it up close to her face and pretending she was hiding with a gun in her hand. Then with the same jacket she pretended she was James Bond and was running around jumping infront of people and rolling on the walls. It was so halarious and i have never laughed so hard in my life!  On the fourth we went to riverfront and watched fourty five minute long fireworks. I was really happy on how i looked that night because i fit into a size one pants and they looked really good on me! So yea.. not to much more to say and my hands are really hurting after writing this all!  bye!