Who knew there was an internet cafe at the end of my street?  Not me, obviously, otherwise I would have been here every day for the last three weeks, wouldn't I?   Now that I'm here again I find that there isn't a whole lot to write about. It's a very laid back and solitary existence that I now lead. There's still much to be done for the wedding, but we're getting through it all a bit at a time, one or two things every day, so now I feel like probably it will all be alright, and nobody will die of food poisoning or leave early due to boredom, or just not turn up at all because they were supposed to have got an invite but we forgot. (If I have forgotten to invite you please leave an angry protest in the comments box. Thank you.)   For the wedding day I have ordered myself a natty grey three-piece number with a lilac tie. For the reception I'll be in full James Bondesque tuxedo regalia. I am moderately concerned that I have not tried or even seen either of these outfits, but instead merely pointed to them in a catalogue and filled out the appropriate form. What if the suit has the ass cut out of its trousers and 'Big Boy' spelled out on the back of the jacket in rhinestones? I'll wear it anyway, of course, but what will I say to my Gran?  Tomorrow me and Hav are off to sign the contract on the best and most exciting upshot of the whole wedding extravaganza- our new flat. Yes, folks, finally the two of us will get to take our petty squabbling and our sickmaking public displays of affection out of your faces and put them behind our very own front door, where they belong. We've been waiting for this for about three years and I'm so chuffed about it I can't even begin to tell you. We're moving to Kilburn, which is WestSide, innit, near to Hampstead and Willesden Green and other leafy places on the shiny Jubilee Line. We're on the top floor of a big townhouse which we have already begun to redecorate in our heads and which some of you may be invited to if you are very good and lucky.   Our landlord is called Kaiser. Yikes.  Other exciting news- We have booked our mini-moon! We haven't got time this summer to move into the new place AND go away for two weeks AND me get ready for a new job, so our honeymoon proper will be happening in October. In the meantime, though, we're off to ScotchLand for two days to stay in a castle! How very 4 Weddings! I'm extra excited! I hope we will be seeing ghostly bagpipers and cows with big horns and no eyes.  I have to go now cos my time is running out.  I will probably be back tomorrow. I've missed my blog so much it's just sad.  Bye bye. x.